{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"If this didn\u0027t work for you see detailed instructionsClose this windowThe U.S. increased pressure Friday on Egypt\u0027s military rulers to hand over power to civilian leaders, and the generals turned to a Mubarak-era politician to head a new government in a move that failed to satisfy the more than 100,000 protesters who jammed Tahrir Square in … More »Egypt\u0027s military under pressure from protests, USThe Syrian military vowed Friday to \"cut every evil hand\" that targets the country\u0027s … More »Syria faces sanctions but army stands by regimeA shopper in Los Angeles pepper-sprayed her competition for an Xbox and scuffles broke … More »Sharp elbows: Shoppers scuffle on Black ThursdayA week into his new job, Premier Mario Monti is running out of time to reassure nervous investors that his government has a strategy to deal with Italy\u0027s crippling debts. More »Italy\u0027s borrowing rates skyrocket, Monti scramblesA week into his new job, Premier Mario Monti is running out of time to reassure nervous investors that his government has a strategy to deal with Italy\u0027s crippling debts.The worst week for the stock market in two months ended with a whimper in thin trading Friday. More »Stocks slip to end the roughest week since Sept.The worst week for the stock market in two months ended with a whimper in thin trading Friday.A year from Election Day, Democrats are crafting a campaign strategy for Vice President Joe Biden that targets the big three political battlegrounds: Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida, states where Biden might be more of an … More »Biden\u0027s 2012 targets: Ohio, Pennsylvania, FloridaA year from Election Day, Democrats are crafting a campaign strategy for Vice President Joe Biden that targets the big three political battlegrounds: Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida, states where Biden might be more of an asset to President Barack Obama\u0027s re-election campaign than the president himself.Three American students arrested during a protest in Egypt were released Friday and planned to catch flights out of Cairo to begin their trips home, an attorney and family said. More »3 arrested US students to head home from CairoThree American students arrested during a protest in Egypt were released Friday and planned to catch flights out of Cairo to begin their trips home, an attorney and family said.The little planes that connect America\u0027s small cities to the rest of the world are slowly being phased out. More »Airlines cut small jets as fuel prices soarThe little planes that connect America\u0027s small cities to the rest of the world are slowly being phased out.As American universities welcome ever-greater numbers of international students, some professors and admissions counselors are questioning the motives of the very professionals who have helped attract so many foreign scholars to their campuses.When Occupy LA demonstrators recently proclaimed a downtown intersection \"our street,\" police watched as annoyed drivers honked horns and tried to maneuver around gyrating protesters. Officers only moved in after the third intersection takeover — telling protesters they had to quit or face arrest. The activists turned around …(Reuters) - Retailers were hoping for more shoppers like Shawn Elzia as the annual Black Friday bargain stampede marked the unofficial start of what is widely expected to be a middling holiday shopping season. The Brooklyn, New York teacher, one of hundreds of thousands of shoppers jostling for deals around the country, …CAIRO (Reuters) - Protesters demanding an end to army rule in Egypt sought on Saturday to build on momentum from a mass protest, bedding down in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square for a ninth day just two days before the first free parliamentary polls in living memory. Thousands stayed in the square late into the night on Friday, aiming …ROME/MADRID (Reuters) - Italy\u0027s borrowing costs soared to their highest levels since Rome joined the euro on Friday, piling pressure on the newly installed government of Mario Monti at the end of a week in which the euro zone crisis tainted even safe haven Germany. A punishing bond sale, in which Italy was forced to pay …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former MF Global Chief Executive Jon Corzine is expected to testify at a congressional hearing next month, a committee aide said on Friday, tamping down speculation that the former head of the bankrupt brokerage would decline to take part. The House Financial Services Committee announced earlier this …NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Global supermarket chains welcomed a long-awaited invitation from India to invest in the country\u0027s $450 billion retail market, but they fear the small print may keep a lid on investment in the short term. The government on Thursday approved 51 percent foreign direct investment in supermarkets, paving …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Arab officials will prepare plans for sanctions against Syria on Saturday over its failure to let Arab League monitors oversee an initiative aimed at ending a violent crackdown on protests against President Bashar al-Assad. Damascus missed a Friday deadline to sign an agreement under which the Arab League …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Nextel may be forced to abandon the biggest advantage it has over its rivals - unlimited data services for a flat fee - because of heavy data users and a shortage of wireless airwaves. Moreover, the increasing likelihood that AT\u0026T\u0027s plan to buy T-Mobile USA, the nation\u0027s fourth-largest mobile …LONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - AT\u0026T said it would take a $4 billion charge in case its takeover of T-Mobile USA fails, a tacit recognition of the dwindling chances that the deal will get through U.S. regulators who say it would destroy jobs and curb competition. The U.S. telecommunications group and T-Mobile owner Deutsche …TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya\u0027s new oil minister is seen as the right kind of technocrat, deeply experienced yet not too closely tied to the former regime of Muammar Gaddafi, to help restore the OPEC member\u0027s economic lifeline after eight months of war. Abdulrahman Ben Yazza is in his mid-50s and brings experience from both …(Reuters) - U.S. auto safety regulators are opening a formal investigation into fire risks in General Motors\u0027 Volt vehicles. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said on Friday it was taking the step after efforts to recreate a May crash test saw fires result from two out of three crash tests performed this …TOKYO (Reuters) - The British ex-CEO of Japan\u0027s Olympus Corp emerged from a frosty meeting of directors on Friday convinced its board would eventually quit over an accounting scandal engulfing the firm, but he said he wasn\u0027t \"begging\" to return and clean up the mess. Michael Woodford, still an Olympus director despite being …CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia\u0027s government approved on Friday SABMiller\u0027s A$11.5 billion ($11.2 billion) deal to acquire Foster\u0027s Group Ltd under foreign acquisitions laws, but imposed conditions requiring the company to keep brewing operations in Australia. The government approval is the final regulatory condition to …MILAN (Reuters) - Italy paid a record 6.5 percent to borrow money over six months on Friday and its longer-term funding costs soared far above levels seen as sustainable for public finances, raising the pressure on Rome\u0027s new emergency government. The auction yield on the six-month paper almost doubled compared to a month …(Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers plan to look into the relationship between bankrupt mid-size brokerage firm MF Global Holdings Ltd\u0027s former CEO Jon Corzine and the major credit-rating agencies, The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing a person familiar with the matter. MF Global\u0027s credit ratings were cut to junk …11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog »Why 30 million Americans are hanging up their basters this year. More »Thanksgiving without the cookingNewt goes moderate as neocons look on. More »Republican debateGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsFriday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Elizabeth … 1:13Hardcore Bay Area Shoppers Line Up Extra … 2:01Thanksgiving Day Forecast With Kristy Si … 1:55Bicyclist Pleads Not Guilty In Fatal San … 1:403 arrested US students heading home from CairoThe Danes are doneLast week in custodyLady Gaga Spotted At Lancaster Shooting RangeH 60°L 47°Partly CloudyH 16°L 8°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Police and protesters clash in EgyptD.B. Cooper: 40 years laterAre you ready for Black Friday?Macy\u0027s Thanksgiving Day ParadeJ.R. Martinez wins \u0027DWTS\u0027Jimi Hendrix named best guitarist","h2":"Yahoo! NewsEgypt\u0027s military under pressure from protests, USSyria faces sanctions but army stands by regimeSharp elbows: Shoppers scuffle on Black ThursdaySan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your Friends\u0027 ActivityMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesWhat would Gingrich’s plan for dealing with illegal immigration look like?Hacker group Anonymous targets UC-Davis pepper-spray copObama’s Medicare chief to resignThanksgiving without the cookingRepublican debateBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 26 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 26 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC262010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":37,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
