{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.In an unpredictable race, Republican candidates are running out of time to land the nomination. More »Why next 10 days are most critical of GOP campaignBRUSSELS (Reuters) - It was billed as a summit to save the euro. It may be remembered … More »Insight: The day Europe lost patience with BritainBERLIN (Reuters) - Last week\u0027s EU summit went a long way towards forging the closer economic … More »EU summit may not calm investors for longWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama defended his leadership style on Sunday and said he would keep standing up to Congress as another stand-off over taxes and deficits brewed on Capitol Hill. In an interview on … More »Obama says to keep standing up to Congress on taxesWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama defended his leadership style on Sunday and said he would keep standing up to Congress as another stand-off over taxes and deficits brewed on Capitol Hill. In an interview on CBS\u0027 \"60 Minutes,\" Obama suggested his wife, Michelle, had mixed feelings about their time in the White …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell predicted on Sunday that Congress will renew a popular payroll tax cut, but it remained unclear how lawmakers will resolve deep differences before the December … More »McConnell expects bipartisan deal on tax cutWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell predicted on Sunday that Congress will renew a popular payroll tax cut, but it remained unclear how lawmakers will resolve deep differences before the December 31 deadline. While he did not unveil a new deal, McConnell signaled that he and others anticipate …(Reuters) - Online spending remained strong in early December, a period that usually marks a lull in the U.S. holiday shopping frenzy, comScore said on Sunday. For the week ending December 9, consumers spent $5.9 billion … More »Online spending stays strong in early December(Reuters) - Online spending remained strong in early December, a period that usually marks a lull in the U.S. holiday shopping frenzy, comScore said on Sunday. For the week ending December 9, consumers spent $5.9 billion online, up 15 percent from the same period a year earlier, according to comScore, which tracks Internet …DURBAN (Reuters) - Countries from around the globe agreed on Sunday to forge a new deal forcing all the biggest polluters for the first time to limit greenhouse gas emissions, but critics said the plan was too timid to slow global warming. A package of accords agreed after marathon U.N. talks in South Africa extended the …MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Dmitry Medvedev ordered an investigation on Sunday into allegations of fraud in Russia\u0027s parliamentary election, one day after tens of thousands of protesters demanded it be annulled and rerun. Medvedev responded on his Facebook site to the protesters\u0027 complaints that the December 4 election, …LONDON (Reuters) - David Cameron has put Britain offside and offshore in Europe. In his failed last-minute quest for special treatment over financial regulation, the prime minister has taken Britain out of the room where decisions on the future of Europe will be shaped. The consequence could well be a prolonged, bitter …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two New York politicians urged the Transportation Security Administration on Sunday to provide passenger advocates on site at airport screenings after four elderly women complained of intrusive searches by security agents in recent months. Senator Charles Schumer and State Senator Michael Gianaris told …GAMBOA, Panama (Reuters) - Manuel Noriega, Panama\u0027s drug-running military dictator of the 1980s, was extradited home on Sunday and taken straight to prison to serve a 20-year sentence for the murders of opponents during his rule. Noriega was toppled in a U.S. invasion of Panama in 1989 and had spent the last two decades …PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Manuel Noriega, Panama\u0027s drug-running military dictator of the 1980s, left Paris early on Sunday, headed for a prison in his home country to serve a 20-year term for the murders of opponents during his rule. Noriega, now 77, was toppled in a U.S. invasion of Panama in 1989 and has spent the last …PARIS (Reuters) - France\u0027s imminent election campaign could throw the newly agreed EU plan for budget policy coordination into disarray, the French budget minister said on Sunday, warning that President Nicolas Sarkozy\u0027s opponents may stall necessary legislation. \"Speed is vital to restore confidence,\" Valerie Pecresse …MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Dmitry Medvedev ordered an investigation on Sunday into allegations of fraud in Russia\u0027s parliamentary election, one day after tens of thousands of protesters demanded it be annulled and rerun. Medvedev responded on his Facebook site to the protesters\u0027 complaints that the December 4 election, …BRUSSELS (Reuters) - It was billed as a summit to save the euro. It may be remembered as the day Europe lost patience with Britain, as most of the continent threw its lot in with EU founding members France and Germany and committed to binding their economies ever more tightly. There was plenty of talk of history in the …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As futuristic projects designed to capture carbon from coal-burning industries and store it underground have failed, the two largest consumers of the fuel, the United States and China, hope answers to limiting emissions blamed for global warming lie in the past. Power-generators, coal miners and policy …In making the case for his re-election, President Barack Obama is arguing that it doesn\u0027t matter who the Republicans nominate to run against him because the core philosophy of the GOP candidates is the same and will stand in sharp relief with his own.How Iran caught the \"beast.\" More »Downed US droneBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsPolice Raid Occupy SF Camp On Market Str … 1:04Saturday Pinpoint Forecast With Jim Bern … 2:27Oakland Drive By Shooting Leaves Father Of … 2:22Elderly Driver Crashes Into Vallejo Safeway … 0:44Former Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega ...Canadian Kyoto envoyFormer Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega ...Russian president announces election reviewH 56°L 45°CloudyH 13°L 7°CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"150 attend candlelight vigil at Virginia TechSee-through tablets coming?Comment on cat\u0027s 26 toes on FacebookCrazy auction recordsTop 10 Lists of 2011\u0027Hottest woman of all time\u0027 named","h2":"Yahoo! NewsWhy next 10 days are most critical of GOP campaignInsight: The day Europe lost patience with BritainEU summit may not calm investors for longSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"What now? Why the next 10 days are the most critical of the GOP campaignYahoo! readers rate the debate: ‘$10,000 is more than some people make in a year’VIDEO: Mitt Romney offers Rick Perry a $10,000 bet on debate stageDowned US droneDestination 2012Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 12 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 12 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN122010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":34,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
