{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Deeply divided U.S. lawmakers on Friday eked out an agreement to extend payroll tax cuts for just two months, and only after Democrats bowed to Republican demands on a controversial oil pipeline. The deal, which still needs approval of the full Senate맨 More먙Divided lawmakers muster modest tax dealBAGHDAD (Reuters) - American soldiers signed over their last military base to Iraqi officials맨 More먙U.S. withdrawal in Iraq rolls into final actWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Consumer prices were flat in November as Americans paid less for맨 More먙Inflation eases, creates space for Fed stimulusNEW YORK (Reuters) - Moody\u0027s on Friday cut Belgium\u0027s credit rating by two notches, saying the euro zone debt crisis increases funding risks for countries with high public debt burdens. Concerns about Belgium\u0027s economic growth맨 More먙Moody\u0027s cuts Belgium ratings by 2 notchesNEW YORK (Reuters) - Moody\u0027s on Friday cut Belgium\u0027s credit rating by two notches, saying the euro zone debt crisis increases funding risks for countries with high public debt burdens. Concerns about Belgium\u0027s economic growth prospects and its banking system, particularly with contingent liabilities stemming from the Dexia맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Six former top executives at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were sued by U.S. regulators on charges of misleading investors about the mortgage finance companies\u0027 exposure to risky home loans in the run-up맨 More먙Regulators sue former top Fannie, Freddie execsNEW YORK (Reuters) - Six former top executives at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were sued by U.S. regulators on charges of misleading investors about the mortgage finance companies\u0027 exposure to risky home loans in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis. The case is one of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission\u0027s biggest맨FORT MEADE, Maryland (Reuters) - An American Army intelligence analyst suspected of being behind the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history made his first court appearance on Friday, sitting stone-faced as military맨 More먙Suspected WikiLeaks source appears in courtFORT MEADE, Maryland (Reuters) - An American Army intelligence analyst suspected of being behind the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history made his first court appearance on Friday, sitting stone-faced as military prosecutors launched their case against him. Private First Class Bradley Manning, 23, faces맨AUSTIN (Reuters) - More monetary stimulus from the U.S. Federal Reserve would be the \"wrong path,\" despite the threat the simmering European debt crisis is posing for the U.S. economy, a top Fed official known for his hawkish맨 More먙Fisher says more Fed easing is \"wrong path\"AUSTIN (Reuters) - More monetary stimulus from the U.S. Federal Reserve would be the \"wrong path,\" despite the threat the simmering European debt crisis is posing for the U.S. economy, a top Fed official known for his hawkish views on inflation said on Friday. It is up to Congress and the President -- not the U.S. central맨SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Home-run king Barry Bonds avoided a prison sentence on Friday over a single criminal conviction related to an investigation of steroids in sports, a punishment one prosecutor called a slap on the맨 More먙Barry Bonds gets 2 years probation in steroids probeSAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Home-run king Barry Bonds avoided a prison sentence on Friday over a single criminal conviction related to an investigation of steroids in sports, a punishment one prosecutor called a slap on the wrist.ROME/BERLIN (Reuters) - The credit rating agency Fitch said on Friday it thought a comprehensive solution to the euro zone\u0027s debt crisis was beyond reach, putting six euro zone economies including Italy on watch for potential near-term downgrades. It reaffirmed France\u0027s top-notch triple-A rating but even here said the outlook맨SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - To understand what ails BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd in the U.S. market, just ask eBay Inc Chief Executive John Donahoe. The world\u0027s biggest online auction site had about a hundred engineers developing new iterations of eBay\u0027s shopping app for Apple Inc\u0027s iPhone a few months맨SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The most powerful group at Google Inc used to be known simply as \"The OC,\" short for operating committee. Now, it goes by a more telling name: \"L Team,\" short for Larry\u0027s Team. The change is more than a mere rebranding after Google co-founder Larry Page became chief executive nine months ago, reclaiming맨SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 16 (Reuters) - Home-run king Barry Bonds avoided a prison sentence on Friday over a single criminal conviction related to an investigation of steroids in sports, a punishment one prosecutor called a slap on the wrist. U.S. District Judge Susan Illston sentenced Bonds to two years probation, along with맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers intensified efforts on Friday to extend payroll tax relief for Americans, and it appeared likely that language to speed approval of a controversial oil pipeline might be part of a deal. With Senate leaders huddling in offices near the Senate chamber in search of a payroll tax cut deal, the맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bill Gross\u0027s PIMCO Total Return Fund, the world\u0027s largest bond fund, keeps shrinking as investors look to put their money with some of his competitors. In November, the mutual fund led by Gross saw about $500 million in outflows, bringing its cash outflow over the past 12 months to $10.3 billion, said맨(Reuters) - U.S. health officials will allow states to select the basic set of medical benefits that must be offered by insurance plans participating in new exchanges mandated by the federal healthcare overhaul, the U.S. government said on Friday. The Department of Health and Human Services announcement relates to the so-called맨Senate leaders agreed on compromise legislation to extend Social Security payroll tax cuts and jobless benefits for two months while requiring President Barack Obama to accept Republican demands for a swift decision on the fate of an oil pipeline that promises thousands of jobs.As soon as he walked into the Penn State locker room, Mike McQueary heard running water and rhythmic, slapping sounds of \"skin on skin.\" He looked in a mirror and saw a naked Jerry Sandusky, the former assistant coach, holding a young boy by the waist from behind, up against the wall in the campus shower.Two former CEOs at mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on Friday became the highest-profile individuals to be charged in connection with the 2008 financial crisis.Alarming financial news flowed out of Europe in a torrent Friday, just a week after the EU leaders struck a deal they thought would contain the continent\u0027s debt crisis.As many as 20,000 children endured sexual abuse at Dutch Catholic institutions over the past 65 years, and church officials failed to adequately address it or help the victims, according to a long-awaited investigative report released Friday.A federal judge on Friday dismissed a Utah company\u0027s $1 billion federal antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp. after a jury failed to reach a unanimous verdict in a case so important to the computer giant that it put Bill Gates on the stand for two days last month.A small comet survived what astronomers figured would be a sure death when it danced uncomfortably close to the broiling sun.Cancer weakened but did not soften Christopher Hitchens. He did not repent or forgive or ask for pity. As if granted diplomatic immunity, his mind\u0027s eye looked plainly upon the attack and counterattack of disease and treatments that robbed him of his hair, his stamina, his speaking voice and eventually his life.It\u0027s almost winter, but get ready for some surf and sun: The Beach Boys are reuniting.How a non-beach person spends time in Hawaii. About this blog먙Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsU.S. experts cautious about bold claims. More먙Did Iran hijack the \u0027beast\u0027?Newt Gingrich, under fire, plays clumsy defense. More먙Fox News Iowa debateMan Shot \u0026 Killed By San Jose Police Off맨 0:48Friday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:33San Jose Police Shoot, Kill Suspect 1:54Returning Iraq Veterans Face Struggle For맨 2:03Teens accused of plot to shoot King HS student not talkingSyrians protest against Assad after Russia ...Obama defends \u0027unshakable\u0027 commitment to IsraelNo jail time for Barry BondsH 61L 43Partly CloudyH 16L 6Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Is \u0027crying it out\u0027 dangerous?Comet\u0027s death-defying escapeAn officer\u0027s promise: I\u0027ll stayCutest YouTube video ever?Week in photosHistory of organ transplants","h2":"Yahoo! NewsDivided lawmakers muster modest tax dealU.S. withdrawal in Iraq rolls into final actInflation eases, creates space for Fed stimulusSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Comic superheroes perform breast self examsU.S. transfers last detainee to Iraqi custodyHuntsman뇹 economic director calls Ron Paul뇹 budget plan 녋udicrous뇞he best views in HawaiiBreaking News from ABC NewsDid Iran hijack the \u0027beast\u0027?Fox News Iowa debateEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 17 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 17 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN172010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":56,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
