{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.Eurozone ministers sent Greece an euro8 billion ($10.7 billion) Christmas rescue package Tuesday to stem an immediate cash crisis yet failed to resolve fears that the common euro currency might be doomed. More »Greece gets $10.7 billion but rescue plan stallsHerman Cain told aides Tuesday he is assessing whether the latest allegations of inappropriate … More »Cain tells aides he is reassessing his campaignIt was clear that Michael Jackson\u0027s doctor was going to get the maximum four-year sentence … More »Jackson doctor gets 4-year sentence, judge\u0027s ireHard-line Iranian protesters stormed British diplomatic compounds Tuesday, hauling down the Union Jack, torching an embassy vehicle and pelting buildings with petrol bombs in what began as an apparent state-approved show … More »Iranian protesters storm British Embassy in TehranHard-line Iranian protesters stormed British diplomatic compounds Tuesday, hauling down the Union Jack, torching an embassy vehicle and pelting buildings with petrol bombs in what began as an apparent state-approved show of anger over the latest Western sanctions to punish Tehran for defiance over its nuclear program.American Airlines used to bill itself as \"something special in the air,\" and it was. More »For American, a blemish on a distinguished historyAmerican Airlines used to bill itself as \"something special in the air,\" and it was.A New Jersey man suspected of killing his 2-year-old daughter by tossing her into a creek while she was still strapped in her car seat has been captured in California. More »NJ dad arrested in death of girl tossed in creekA New Jersey man suspected of killing his 2-year-old daughter by tossing her into a creek while she was still strapped in her car seat has been captured in California.Online shoppers spent record amounts on the Monday after the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, making it the biggest online shopping day in history. More »Reports say \u0027Cyber Monday\u0027 top online shopping dayOnline shoppers spent record amounts on the Monday after the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, making it the biggest online shopping day in history.A U.S. businessman was released from jail in Aruba on Tuesday and free to leave the island, although prosecutors continue to try to put him back behind bars as a suspect in the disappearance of his traveling companion. More »US man leaves jail in Aruba missing caseA U.S. businessman was released from jail in Aruba on Tuesday and free to leave the island, although prosecutors continue to try to put him back behind bars as a suspect in the disappearance of his traveling companion.Three money managers awarded a $254 million Powerball jackpot said Tuesday there\u0027s no fourth participant despite a claim they\u0027re covering for a winner who wants to stay anonymous.The Boston Red Sox have picked Bobby Valentine to be their next manager and the sides were working to complete a contract, a person familiar with the decision told The Associated Press on Tuesday night.(Reuters) - American Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday to cut labor costs in the face of high fuel prices and dampened travel demand, capping a prolonged descent for what was once the largest U.S. carrier. AMR Corp, the parent of American Airlines, also filed for bankruptcy and replaced its chief executive. …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve\u0027s influential vice chair, said on Tuesday the U.S. central bank has room to ease monetary policy further, possibly by providing more information on the path of interest rates. Another top official, Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank President Dennis Lockhart, said he …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential contender Herman Cain told aides on Tuesday he would reassess the viability of his struggling campaign after an Atlanta woman accused him of conducting a 13-year extramarital affair. The allegations could be the end of the political line for Cain, who led the Republican White …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and European Union agreed Tuesday to reduce red tape related to cargo security and pledged to work toward tearing down tariffs and regulatory barriers between the world\u0027s largest trading partners. \"The leaders have asked to look at all aspects of our relationship and see what we …LONDON/BOSTON (Reuters) - When Novo Nordisk\u0027s chief financial officer met marketing colleagues last Friday the conversation moved far beyond the usual discussion of sales and performance. Jesper Brandgaard asked a simple, far-reaching question: how would the firm set prices for two pivotal new insulin products if the euro …BUSAN, South Korea (Reuters) - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged developing nations on Wednesday to be \"smart shoppers\" on foreign aid, warning that powerful emerging economies such as China may be more interested in exploiting natural resources than promoting real development. Clinton delivered the warning to a …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian protesters stormed two British diplomatic compounds in Tehran, smashing windows, torching a car and burning the British flag in protest against new sanctions imposed by London. Britain said it was outraged by Tuesday\u0027s attacks and warned of \"serious consequences\". The U.N. Security Council condemned …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook will be required to get user consent for certain changes to privacy settings as part of a settlement of federal charges that it deceived consumers and forced them to share more personal information than they intended. The settlement with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission will also subject …BRUSSELS/MILAN (Reuters) - Euro zone ministers agreed to ramp up the firepower of their rescue fund, but couldn\u0027t say by how much, and may turn to the IMF for more help as a stunning leap in Italy\u0027s borrowing costs pushed the region closer to financial disaster. Two years into Europe\u0027s sovereign debt crisis, investors are …LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Michael Jackson\u0027s personal physician, Dr. Conrad Murray, on Tuesday was sentenced to four years in jail without probation for involuntary manslaughter in the pop star\u0027s death. Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor gave Murray the maximum sentence and said the physician engaged in \"money …BRUSSELS/MILAN (Reuters) - Euro zone ministers agreed on Tuesday to ramp up the firepower of their rescue fund but couldn\u0027t say by how much and raised the possibility of asking the IMF for more help after Italy\u0027s borrowing costs hit a euro lifetime high of nearly 8 percent. Two years into Europe\u0027s sovereign debt crisis, …CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Europe\u0027s debt crisis threatens to undermine consumer confidence and cut off credit to businesses in the rapidly emerging markets that have been bright spots in an otherwise grim global economy, the head of the World Bank warned on Tuesday. \"While the European and euro zone problems have …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Pressure is mounting on President Bashar al-Assad, with growing foreign condemnation of his repression of the Syrian uprising and attacks by armed rebels that his forces appear unable to stamp out. European and Arab diplomats told Reuters the top United Nations human rights forum would announce on Wednesday …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian protesters stormed two British diplomatic compounds in Tehran on Tuesday, smashing windows, torching a car and burning the British flag in protest against new sanctions imposed by London. Britain said it was outraged and warned of \"serious consequences.\" The U.N. Security Council condemned the …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook will be required to get user consent for certain changes to privacy settings as part of a settlement of federal charges that it deceived consumers and forced them to share more personal information than they intended. The settlement with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission will also subject …11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog »Jackson\u0027s dad says \"there\u0027s more\" as Conrad Murray civil case looms More »After conviction, Murray to face suitsNewt has long road ahead in New Hampshire. More »Despite momentum...Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsFree Christmas Tree Offer Helps Clear Marin … 1:49Facebook Readies For Anticipated $10 Billion … 1:53Tuesday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:47UC Students Protest Police Actions, Soaring … 2:17Horseshoe Bay City Council votes unanimously to remove most Cedar TreesExtreme Makeover: Home Edition pep rally in BastropAruban official: Giordano still the top suspectU.K. embassy stormedH 56°L 49°Partly CloudyH 13°L 9°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"UK Embassy in Iran stormedIndonesia bridge collapseWhy Romney needs CainArrests at Occupy L.A.Royals who live normal lives in U.S.Stalin\u0027s daughter dies at 85","h2":"Yahoo! NewsGreece gets $10.7 billion but rescue plan stallsCain tells aides he is reassessing his campaignJackson doctor gets 4-year sentence, judge\u0027s ireSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesDoes Mitt Romney hold press conferences ‘almost every day’?Jon Stewart punks Jon Huntsman’s Twitter townhallMitch Daniels won’t endorse in 2012 primaryAfter conviction, Murray to face suitsDespite momentum...Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 30 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 30 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC302010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":8,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
