{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.Mitt Romney again solidified his fron-trunner status this week as Newt Gingrich\u0027s anyone-but-Romney position collapsed. Prediction market data, including Betfair and Intrade, now give Romney a 65.6 percent likelihood of victory in the Republican primary, compared to Gingrich\u0027s … More »Another anyone-but-Romney collapse: Guess who’s the front-runner again?WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a bid to end a worsening standoff over extending a tax break … More »Obama presses Boehner to compromise on tax dealEven before the Army sent him to Afghanistan, supporters say, Pvt. Daniel Chen was fighting … More »8 US soldiers charged in death of bullied comradeWASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a bid to end a worsening standoff over extending a tax break for Americans, President Barack Obama called on Republican House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner on Wednesday to pass a short-term … More »Obama presses Boehner to compromise on tax dealWASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a bid to end a worsening standoff over extending a tax break for Americans, President Barack Obama called on Republican House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner on Wednesday to pass a short-term extension and return to talks on a year-long deal in the New Year. While Boehner showed no immediate …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp\u0027s Countrywide Financial unit agreed on Wednesday to pay a record $335 million to settle civil charges that it discriminated against minority homebuyers, an historic settlement for … More »BofA\u0027s Countrywide to pay $335 million over bias caseWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp\u0027s Countrywide Financial unit agreed on Wednesday to pay a record $335 million to settle civil charges that it discriminated against minority homebuyers, an historic settlement for the Obama administration in the wake of the subprime mortgage morass. As the financial and housing …NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc is considering a plan to unload most of its prized Asian assets in a complex deal valued at roughly $17 billion, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, winning nods … More »Yahoo to weigh deals for Asian assets: sourcesNEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc is considering a plan to unload most of its prized Asian assets in a complex deal valued at roughly $17 billion, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, winning nods of approval from Wall Street and driving its shares higher. The offer - the latest among proposals …TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp forecast a 20 percent jump in global sales to a record 8.48 million vehicles next year as it claws back from this year\u0027s output losses caused by natural disasters in Japan and Thailand. … More »Toyota set to shake off woes with record sales in 2012TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp forecast a 20 percent jump in global sales to a record 8.48 million vehicles next year as it claws back from this year\u0027s output losses caused by natural disasters in Japan and Thailand. Toyota overtook General Motors Co as the world\u0027s top-selling automaker in 2008, but is set to lose …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fitch Ratings on Wednesday warned again that the United States\u0027 rising debt burden was not consistent with maintaining the country\u0027s top AAA credit rating, but said there would likely be no decision on … More »Fitch again warns U.S. debt burden threatens AAA ratingNEW YORK (Reuters) - Fitch Ratings on Wednesday warned again that the United States\u0027 rising debt burden was not consistent with maintaining the country\u0027s top AAA credit rating, but said there would likely be no decision on whether to cut the rating before 2013. Last month, Fitch changed its U.S. credit rating outlook to …LONDON (Reuters) - Expectations of a swift economic recovery in 2012 are premature, with the sovereign debt crisis in Europe likely to reach a \"crescendo\" in 2012, DoubleLine Capital chief executive Jeffrey Gundlach said in an interview published on Thursday. \"I\u0027ve a really hard time with the argument the economy\u0027s about …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Anti-Wall Street protesters in the city of Berkeley are bracing for an imminent eviction the city said would occur late on Wednesday night. The city distributed flyers announcing the 10:00 p.m. closure of the Occupy Berkeley encampment, which has numbered roughly 100 participants since it began …BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea will shift to collective rule from a strongman dictatorship after last week\u0027s death of Kim Jong-il, although his untested young son will be at the head of the ruling coterie, a source with close ties to Pyongyang and Beijing said. The source added that the military, which is trying to develop …(Reuters) - Janet Robinson, who will step down as chief executive of the New York Times Co on December 31, will receive an exit package in excess of $15 million, according to people familiar with the situation. In addition to a $4.5 million consulting fee, the Times Co will pay Robinson $10.9 million in pension benefits …PARIS (Reuters) - Sixty-six journalists were killed worldwide in 2011, many of them covering Arab revolutions, gang crime in Mexico or political turmoil in Pakistan, Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said on Thursday. Ten journalists were killed in Pakistan, most of them murdered, making it the most dangerous country for …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq\u0027s Sunni Muslim minority rejected a call for all-party talks on Wednesday, ignoring U.S. pressure for dialogue to resolve a sectarian crisis that has erupted since American forces left the country this week. With fears mounting that the nation of 30 million might one day fragment in chaos in the …FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Banks gobbled up nearly 490 billion euros in three-year cut-price loans from the European Central Bank on Wednesday, easing immediate fears of a credit crunch but leaving unresolved how much will flow to needy euro zone economies. Following a string of failed attempts by euro zone leaders to thwart …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. labor movement has not gotten the sweeping changes to organizing rules that it wants from the Obama administration, but a new rule may give unions a modest boost. The National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) on Wednesday unveiled a rule that is expected to shorten the time frame for union elections. …(Reuters) - Yahoo Inc is discussing a plan to slash its stakes in China\u0027s Alibaba Group and a Japanese affiliate in a complex deal worth roughly $17 billion, sources familiar with the matter said. The deal - the latest proposals put forth in recent months to resuscitate the once high-flying Internet company - is expected …MOSCOW (Reuters) - In 2010, President Dmitry Medvedev said heroin was a threat to Russia\u0027s national security. This year, Russia pledged to finance programs to reduce the harm done by drug use, including an HIV crisis that is one of the most severe in the world. But even though the number of new HIV infections in Russia …Careening toward a politically toxic tax hike, President Barack Obama implored House Speaker John Boehner on Wednesday to get behind a two-month stopgap until a longer deal could be struck early next year, calling it the only real way out of a mess that is threatening the paychecks of 160 million workers and isolating House …As government troops advanced on a village in northwestern Syria, activists say the terrified residents fled into a valley for fear of being arrested or worse. What happened next, one of the activists said, was \"an organized massacre.\"The stars may be aligning for Mitt Romney — and at just the right time.The economy is ending 2011 on a roll.Even before the Army sent him to Afghanistan, supporters say, Pvt. Daniel Chen was fighting a personal war.Last-minute holiday gifts.End-of-the-world countdown based on Mayan calendar starts today. More »2012 apocalypse countdownGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhat does Newt have against judges? More »The Gingrich courtLast Minute Shoppers Add To Strong Holiday … 2:19Oakland Officials Hope To Provide Transparency … 2:27SF Fire Chief Nixes Strip Club Check Presentation … 2:22Fleeing Suspect Shot By Police Near Richmond … 2:03Tornado Victims Have Come A Long WayU.S. to get wanted \u0027Tweety Bird\u0027Locally Owned Civil War Era Pieces To Hit The Big ScreenFrance warned over genocide voteH 61°L 41°FairH 16°L 5°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Philippines flooding: How to helpDid hazing lead to soldier\u0027s suicide?Two missing in Mojave DesertBaby vanishes in the nightLayaway angels pay shoppers\u0027 billsWhat is egg nog, figgy pudding?","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedAnother anyone-but-Romney collapse: Guess who’s the front-runner again?Obama presses Boehner to compromise on tax deal8 US soldiers charged in death of bullied comradeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Pool reporters follow Obama to Best Buy, ruin Sasha and Malia’s ChristmasCentenarian in 1911: Bathing and pie are killing our young peopleAnother anyone-but-Romney collapse: Guess who’s the front-runner again?\u0027GMA\u0027 Deals and Steals2012 apocalypse countdownBreaking News from ABC NewsThe Gingrich courtEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 22 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 22 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN222010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":54,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
