{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate on Saturday approved a $1 trillion bill to fund the government and a two-month extension of the payroll tax cut, putting a cap on a contentious political year but setting up a fresh battle for 2012. Democrats and Republicans were unable맨 More먙Senate passes payroll tax cut, spending billBAGHDAD (Reuters) - The last convoy of U.S. soldiers pulled out of Iraq on Sunday, ending맨 More먙Last U.S. troops leave Iraq, ending warWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has signed into law a spending bill that맨 More먙Obama signs government spending bill into lawTOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo police, prosecutors and the securities watchdog will likely launch a raid on the offices of disgraced Olympus Corp this week on suspicion the company falsified financial accounts, Kyodo News has reported,맨 More먙Olympus offices to be raided this week: reportTOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo police, prosecutors and the securities watchdog will likely launch a raid on the offices of disgraced Olympus Corp this week on suspicion the company falsified financial accounts, Kyodo News has reported, citing investigative sources. The raid has been expected to follow a re-statement of Olympus\u0027s맨CAIRO (Reuters) - Military police battled demonstrators in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square Sunday, the third day of clashes that have killed 10 people and injured hundreds, casting a shadow over the first free election most Egyptians맨 More먙Troops, protesters clash in Cairo for third dayCAIRO (Reuters) - Military police battled demonstrators in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square Sunday, the third day of clashes that have killed 10 people and injured hundreds, casting a shadow over the first free election most Egyptians can remember. Soldiers advanced from barriers around the square shortly before dawn, scuffling with맨MAYINGYI VILLAGE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Tun Aung knew there were plans for his village to be moved to make way for a multi-billion dollar industrial zone and deep-sea port, but the whole thing was hard to imagine. Then one맨 More먙Insight: Testing the limits of freedom in new BurmaMAYINGYI VILLAGE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Tun Aung knew there were plans for his village to be moved to make way for a multi-billion dollar industrial zone and deep-sea port, but the whole thing was hard to imagine. Then one day last month he discovered a new road slicing through his family\u0027s cashew tree grove, part of a network맨ROME/BERLIN (Reuters) - A comprehensive solution to the euro zone debt crisis is beyond the region\u0027s reach, rating agency Fitch said, warning that six of its economies including Italy and Spain could be hit with credit downgrades맨 More먙Comprehensive euro zone deal \"beyond reach\": FitchROME/BERLIN (Reuters) - A comprehensive solution to the euro zone debt crisis is beyond the region\u0027s reach, rating agency Fitch said, warning that six of its economies including Italy and Spain could be hit with credit downgrades in the near future. The warning late Friday, the second time in two weeks that the bloc has맨JAKARTA (Reuters) - At least 217 people were missing, and possibly scores more, after an overcrowded boat packed with illegal immigrants heading for Australia sank in heavy seas overnight off the coast of east Java in Indonesia,맨 More먙Hundreds of migrants missing off Indonesia as boat sinksJAKARTA (Reuters) - At least 217 people were missing, and possibly scores more, after an overcrowded boat packed with illegal immigrants heading for Australia sank in heavy seas overnight off the coast of east Java in Indonesia, authorities said on Sunday. Many of the passengers on the wooden vessel are believed to be economic맨GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization closed its biennial ministerial conference on Saturday with its chairman citing an improved atmosphere in the 153-member club but no concrete moves forward on the Doha round of world trade talks. Little was expected from the meeting on Doha, a deadlocked negotiation that has맨FORT MEADE, MD (Reuters) - Bradley Manning, the suspected source of the largest leak of classified U.S. documents in history, displayed warning signs of emotional instability before his alleged wrongdoing and struggled with his gender identity, his attorney said on Saturday. Manning was a U.S. Army intelligence analyst맨LIMA (Reuters) - Lori Berenson, a New Yorker who spent 15 years in Peruvian prisons for aiding Marxist insurgents, was prevented by Peru\u0027s interior ministry from making her first trip home since her 1995 arrest, her lawyer said on Saturday. Berenson, 42, the mother of a 2-year-old boy, was paroled last year after serving맨CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican White House hopeful Mitt Romney sought to create doubts about rival Newt Gingrich among South Carolina conservatives on Saturday by criticizing his high-paid work for mortgage giant Freddie Mac. Romney, on a two-day tour of South Carolina to try to dent Gingrich\u0027s big lead맨CHICAGO (Reuters) - Martin Marietta Materials Inc\u0027s $4.8 billion takeover offer of Vulcan Materials Co is a \"bad deal\" and an attempt to buy a larger rival \"on the cheap,\" Vulcan said in court papers late Friday. Vulcan, a Birmingham, Alabama, gravel producer, received the hostile all-stock offer on Monday and said at the맨JAKARTA (Reuters) - A boat carrying illegal immigrants heading for Australia sank off the coast of east Java in Indonesia and over 300 people were missing with many feared dead, a senior emergency official said. Only 76 people of 380 people on board had been rescued, said Sahrul Arifin, the head of emergency and logistics맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate on Saturday approved a two-month extension of a payroll tax cut and a $1 trillion bill to fund the government, resolving the latest in a year-long series of tense political stand-offs but setting up fresh battles for 2012. Democrats and Republicans were unable to agree on how to pay for맨The last U.S. soldiers rolled out of Iraq across the border into neighboring Kuwait at daybreak Sunday, whooping, fist bumping and hugging each other in a burst of joy and relief. Their convoy\u0027s exit marked the end of a bitterly divisive war that raged for nearly nine years and left Iraq shattered, with troubling questions맨The Philippine Red Cross says the death toll from storm-triggered flash floods that devastated a wide swath of the country\u0027s south has risen to 521.A woman burned to death in the elevator of her Brooklyn apartment building Saturday after a man ambushed her, sprayed her with liquid and set her afire with a Molotov cocktail, police said.The Senate voted Saturday to temporarily avert a Jan. 1 payroll tax increase and benefit cutoff for the long-time unemployed, forcing a reluctant President Barack Obama to make an election-year choice between unions and environmentalists over whether to build an oil pipeline through the heart of the country.Troops pulled women across the pavement by their hair, knocking off their Muslim headscarves. Young activists were kicked in the head until they lay motionless in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square.Dozens of Occupy Wall Street protesters were arrested Saturday after they scaled a chain-link fence or crawled under it to get to an Episcopal church-owned lot they want to use for a new camp site.Rescuers battled high waves Sunday as they searched for 200 asylum seekers still missing after their wooden ship sank off Indonesia\u0027s main island of Java. So far only 33 people have been plucked alive from the choppy waters alive.The young Army intelligence specialist accused of leaking government secrets spent his 24th birthday in court Saturday as his lawyers argued his status as a gay soldier before the repeal of \"don\u0027t ask, don\u0027t tell\" played an important role in his actions.The killing of Osama bin Laden during a raid by Navy SEALs on his hideout in Pakistan was the top news story of 2011, followed by Japan\u0027s earthquake/tsunami/meltdown disaster, according to The Associated Press\u0027 annual poll of U.S. editors and news directors.How a non-beach person spends time in Hawaii. About this blog먙Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsChristopher Hitchens, 1949-2011 More먙PostscriptBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More먙Destination 2012Union Square Salvation Army Bell Ringer Shatters맨 0:41Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Jim맨 2:20Neighbors Face Off With Mythbusters After맨 2:12Saturday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta맨 2:27Raw Video: Last US troops roll out of IraqManning\u0027s sexual orientation raised at hearingMany missing as migrant boat sinksIraq War Ends: HomecomingH 58L 43FairH 14L 6FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Is \u0027crying it out\u0027 dangerous?Comet\u0027s death-defying escapeAn officer\u0027s promise: I\u0027ll stayCutest YouTube video ever?Week in photosHistory of organ transplants","h2":"Yahoo! NewsSenate passes payroll tax cut, spending billLast U.S. troops leave Iraq, ending warObama signs government spending bill into lawSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Des Moines Register backs Mitt Romney for GOP nominationComic superheroes perform breast self examsU.S. transfers last detainee to Iraqi custodyThe best views in HawaiiBreaking News from ABC NewsPostscriptDestination 2012Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 18 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 18 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN182010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":37,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
