{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"If this didn\u0027t work for you see detailed instructionsClose this windowEgypt\u0027s military rulers rejected protester demands for them to step down immediately and said Thursday they would start the first round of parliamentary elections on time next week, despite serious unrest in Cairo and other cities. More먙Egypt military rulers reject calls to step downA U.S.-backed deal for Yemen\u0027s authoritarian president to step down fell far short of맨 More먙Protesters reject Yemen president\u0027s power transferU.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords helped serve a Thanksgiving meal to service members and맨 More먙Giffords serves Thanksgiving meal at Ariz. baseA string of bombings in a southern oil city killed 19 people Thursday evening and injured dozens more, a grim sign of the security challenges Iraq will face after American troops go home. More먙Triple bombings in south Iraq kill 19, injure 64A string of bombings in a southern oil city killed 19 people Thursday evening and injured dozens more, a grim sign of the security challenges Iraq will face after American troops go home.Most Americans spent Thanksgiving snug inside homes with families and football. Others used the holiday to give thanks alongside strangers at outdoor Occupy encampments, serving turkey or donating their time in solidarity맨 More먙Occupy movements nationwide celebrate holidayMost Americans spent Thanksgiving snug inside homes with families and football. Others used the holiday to give thanks alongside strangers at outdoor Occupy encampments, serving turkey or donating their time in solidarity with the anti-Wall Street movement that has gripped a nation consumed by economic despair.Germany deflected calls for the European Central Bank to play a bigger role in solving Europe\u0027s debt crisis but won the backing of France and Italy to unite the troubled 17-nation eurozone more closely. More먙Germany deflects calls for ECB to have more powerGermany deflected calls for the European Central Bank to play a bigger role in solving Europe\u0027s debt crisis but won the backing of France and Italy to unite the troubled 17-nation eurozone more closely.They are fuzzy about some issues but the Republican presidential candidates leave little doubt about where they stand on gun rights. More먙Gun issue represents tough politics for ObamaThey are fuzzy about some issues but the Republican presidential candidates leave little doubt about where they stand on gun rights.A turkey trot it was not. More먙Top Marine spends Thanksgiving in AfghanistanA turkey trot it was not.Writer J.K. Rowling and actress Sienna Miller gave a London courtroom a vivid picture on Thursday of the anxiety, anger and fear produced by living in the glare of Britain\u0027s tabloid media, describing how press intrusion made them feel like prisoners in their own homes.The anti-doping police are sending out a new message to the AARP crowd: We\u0027re keeping an eye on you, too.STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - France and Germany agreed on Thursday to stop arguing in public over whether the European Central Bank should do more to rescue the euro zone from a deepening sovereign debt crisis. President Nicolas Sarkozy and Chancellor Angela Merkel said after talks with Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti맨LONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - AT\u0026T said it would take a $4 billion charge in case its takeover of T-Mobile USA fails, a tacit recognition of the dwindling chances that the deal will get through U.S. regulators who say it would destroy jobs and curb competition. The U.S. telecommunications group and T-Mobile owner Deutsche맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria faces a Friday deadline to sign an Arab deal allowing monitors into the country or incur sanctions over its crackdown on protests including halting flights, curbing trade and stopping deals with the central bank. Arab foreign ministers warned in Cairo that unless Syria agreed to let the monitors맨TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s disgraced Olympus Corp is set for a tense boardroom showdown on Friday when its former chief executive confronts the men who sacked him a month ago with his own call for their resignations over a huge accounting scandal. Michael Woodford, still an Olympus director despite being fired as CEO and맨(Reuters) - The holiday shopping season is in full swing on Thursday, with retailers hoping consumers will spend big despite worries about the fragile economy and their own precarious finances. The shopping period has been underway for some time as retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Toys R Us started early by offering맨CAIRO (Reuters) - Activists vowed to crank up pressure on Egypt\u0027s generals on Friday with an overwhelming show of people power to cap almost a week of protests against army rule that have left 41 people dead. State media said the army leaders picked a political veteran in his late 70s to form a national salvation government,맨(Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers plan to look into the relationship between bankrupt mid-size brokerage firm MF Global Holdings Ltd\u0027s former CEO Jon Corzine and the major credit-rating agencies, The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing a person familiar with the matter. MF Global\u0027s credit ratings were cut to junk맨CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia\u0027s government approved on Friday SABMiller\u0027s A$11.5 billion ($11.2 billion) deal to acquire Foster\u0027s Group Ltd under foreign acquisitions laws, but imposed conditions requiring the company to keep brewing operations in Australia. The government approval is the final regulatory condition to맨(Reuters) - Accounting and consulting firm Ernst \u0026 Young said chairman and chief executive James Turley will retire in June 2013. Turley told the firm\u0027s worldwide partners in a November 10 communication that he would retire at age 58, on June 30, 2013, Ernst \u0026 Young said in a statement. A replacement will be named by April맨LONDON (Reuters) - Sub-Saharan African countries that invest in training doctors have ended up losing $2 billion as the expert clinicians leave home to find work in more prosperous developed nations, researchers said on Friday. A study by Canadian scientists found that South Africa and Zimbabwe suffer the worst economic맨BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Wednesday\u0027s failed bond auction in Germany may mark the moment the penny dropped for Berlin. That, at least, is the hope of some of its European partners. While Greece, Ireland and Portugal have had to suffer the ignominy of taking bailouts from the EU and IMF, and Spain, Italy and France are now firmly맨LISBON (Reuters) - Fitch downgraded Portugal\u0027s credit rating to junk status on Thursday, citing large fiscal imbalances, high debts and the risks to its EU-mandated austerity program from a worsening economic outlook. The ratings agency cut Portugal to BB+ from BBB-, which is still one notch higher than Moody\u0027s rating of맨LONDON (Reuters) - German government bond yields hit their highest in nearly a month and world stocks held near 7-week lows Thursday, a day after a weak debt sale in Berlin fanned fears the euro zone debt crisis is starting to threaten its biggest \u003e falling 115 ticks on the day to 134.66, the lowest since October 31. Ten-year맨(Reuters) - Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords served a Thanksgiving meal on Thursday to Air Force personnel in her first constituent event since she was shot in the head in January, her office said. Giffords dished out turkey with tongs as she stood between Brigadier General Jon Norman and her husband Mark Kelly, said Giffords\u0027맨11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog먙Egypt\u0027s women lead protests in Tahrir Square. More먙Women warriorsNewt goes moderate as neocons look on. More먙Republican debateGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsHardcore Bay Area Shoppers Line Up Extra맨 2:01Thanksgiving Day Forecast With Kristy Si맨 1:55Bicyclist Pleads Not Guilty In Fatal San맨 1:40Former LAPD Chief To Investigate UC Davis맨 2:21Raw video: NY Occupy organizers give thanksOptions for U.S. Strategy in SyriaPolice use tear gas to disrupt protester\u0027s funeralAP Top StoriesH 58L 50Partly CloudyH 14L 10Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Police and protesters clash in EgyptD.B. Cooper: 40 years laterAre you ready for Black Friday?Macy\u0027s Thanksgiving Day ParadeJ.R. Martinez wins \u0027DWTS\u0027Jimi Hendrix named best guitarist","h2":"Yahoo! NewsEgypt military rulers reject calls to step downProtesters reject Yemen president\u0027s power transferGiffords serves Thanksgiving meal at Ariz. baseSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your Friends\u0027 ActivityMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesWhat would Gingrich뇹 plan for dealing with illegal immigration look like?Hacker group Anonymous targets UC-Davis pepper-spray copObama뇹 Medicare chief to resignWomen warriorsRepublican debateBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 25 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 25 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC252010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":34,"second":30},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
