{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"If this didn\u0027t work for you see detailed instructionsClose this windowAn \"al-Qaida sympathizer\" accused of plotting to bomb police and post offices in New York City as well as U.S. troops returning home remained in police custody after an arraignment Sunday on numerous terrorism-related charges. More먙\u0027al-Qaida sympathizer\u0027 accused of NYC bomb plotsThe CIA\u0027s operations in Lebanon have been badly damaged after Hezbollah identified and맨 More먙American spies outed, CIA suffers in LebanonFailure by Congress\u0027 debt-cutting supercommittee to recommend $1.2 trillion in savings맨 More먙Congress may try blocking cuts if debt panel failsThe president of the University of California system said he was \"appalled\" at images of protesters being doused with pepper spray and plans an assessment of law enforcement procedures on all 10 campuses, as two police officers맨 More먙Ca. college president vows pepper spraying probeThe president of the University of California system said he was \"appalled\" at images of protesters being doused with pepper spray and plans an assessment of law enforcement procedures on all 10 campuses, as two police officers were placed on administrative leave in the incident that\u0027s reverberating around the nation.Security forces fired tear gas and clashed Monday with several thousand protesters in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square in the third straight day of violence that has killed at least 22 people and has turned into the most sustained challenge맨 More먙More than 20 killed in Cairo clashesSecurity forces fired tear gas and clashed Monday with several thousand protesters in Cairo\u0027s Tahrir Square in the third straight day of violence that has killed at least 22 people and has turned into the most sustained challenge yet to the rule of Egypt\u0027s military.The U.N. nuclear agency chief is urging Israel and Arab nations to come to the table with open minds at a meeting on ways to establish a nuclear-free zone in the Mideast. More먙IAEA head urges \u0027fresh thinking\u0027 at Mideast talksThe U.N. nuclear agency chief is urging Israel and Arab nations to come to the table with open minds at a meeting on ways to establish a nuclear-free zone in the Mideast.Satellite surveillance has shown an increase in activity at an Iranian site suspected of links to alleged secret work on nuclear weapons, officials tell The Associated Press. More먙AP Exclusive: Alleged Iran nuke site being watchedSatellite surveillance has shown an increase in activity at an Iranian site suspected of links to alleged secret work on nuclear weapons, officials tell The Associated Press.Microsoft\u0027s Bill Gates was set to testify Monday in a $1 billion antitrust lawsuit accusing the software maker of duping a competitor prior to its rollout of Windows 95. More먙Gates to testify in $1B lawsuit against MicrosoftMicrosoft\u0027s Bill Gates was set to testify Monday in a $1 billion antitrust lawsuit accusing the software maker of duping a competitor prior to its rollout of Windows 95.Taylor Swift and Adele tied with three wins at the American Music Awards, but the event belonged to the country superstar after she beat the soulful crooner, as well as Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Lil Wayne, to win artist of the year, the ceremony\u0027s highest accolade, which the 21-year-old singer-songwriter previously claimed맨The Eagles destroyed the Giants\u0027 season a year ago at the Meadowlands with a 28-point onslaught in the final seven minutes.LITTLETON, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney, looking to close the deal in the early primary state of New Hampshire, picked up an important endorsement on Sunday from U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte. Ayotte was elected in 2010 from New Hampshire as part of big Republican gains in Congress, and is the top Republican맨CHENGDU, China (Reuters) - Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Qishan warned on Monday the global economy is in a grim state and that an \"unbalanced recovery\" might be the best option, at talks where senior U.S. officials said the mood at home toward China was souring. The remark marked Wang\u0027s second dire comment on the world economy맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - A brutal year for global investors may get even worse this week if Congress proves yet again it is too bitterly divided to deliver on its promise to reduce the gaping U.S. budget deficit. The congressional \"super committee\" created to slash $1.2 trillion in federal spending over 10 years was likely맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York police arrested a 27-year-old man they called a \"lone wolf\" militant on charges of plotting to build bombs to kill American soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. Jose Pimentel, a follower of late Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, was arraigned Sunday night in state court on terrorism-related맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ted Forstmann, the billionaire private equity investor and philanthropist, died on Sunday of brain cancer. He was 71. He was viewed as a pioneer of the leveraged buyout and took over companies such as Dr. Pepper and Gulfstream Aerospace through the private equity firm he co-founded, Forstmann Little맨MELBOURNE/SYDNEY (Reuters) - Qantas Airways hopes to reach an agreement with unions by a deadline on Monday, or face a settlement imposed by Australia\u0027s industrial umpire, but a union said a deal looked unlikely in a bitter fight over pay and moving jobs to Asia. The airline and three main unions, after failing to reach맨ROME (Reuters) - Newly installed Prime Minister Mario Monti got straight to work at the weekend, reviewing Italy\u0027s parlous finances before a round of meetings in coming days with European leaders to discuss the growing euro zone debt crisis. Monti easily won confidence votes in record time in both houses of parliament last맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three weeks after MF Global\u0027s collapsed, furious former customers are still fighting for access to billions of dollars as they question why as much as two-thirds of their money is still stuck. While authorities have touted the fact that they are returning 60 percent of the collateral and cash that had맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican and Democratic leaders of a 12-member congressional \"super committee\" are set to declare defeat in a joint statement to be released after three months of talks failed to bridge deep divides over taxes and spending. After a year of bruising budget battles, it is another sign that lawmakers맨CHENGDU, China (Reuters) - Chinese and U.S. officials started meeting on Sunday to grapple with trade disputes that have strained ties between the world\u0027s two biggest economies, carrying forward concerns exchanged between leaders at back-to-back Asian summits in the past week. At the annual U.S.-China Joint Commission on맨OBARI, Libya (Reuters) - The chic black sweater and jeans were gone. So too the combat khaki T-shirt of his televised last stand in Tripoli. Designer stubble had become bushy black beard after months on the run. But the rimless glasses, framing those piercing eyes above that straight fine nose, gave him away despite the맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Lehman Brothers collapsed in 2008 and shattered the belief that U.S. money market funds would never \"break the buck,\" Washington rushed to limit the damage. But as Europe\u0027s debt crisis threatens to put the U.S. financial system under strain again, U.S. policymakers are worried they cannot turn맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Newt Gingrich has roared into the lead of the Republican nominating race, brushing off concerns about his work for a troubled housing company, a Reuters/Ipsos poll showed. Twenty-four percent of registered Republican voters would support the former speaker of the U.S. House맨OAKLAND, California (Reuters) - Police on Sunday cleared anti-Wall Street protesters from a vacant lot and public park in Oakland, California, a day after they had erected a tent camp to replace one torn down by authorities. There were no reports of arrests or violence. Previous unrest surrounding protests in Oakland, a맨TOKYO, Nov 20 - A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.5 jolted the Ibaragi Prefecture near Tokyo on Sunday, Japanese public broadcaster NHK said, but there were no immediate reports of damage or injury. The earthquake also had no impact on the tsunami-crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant, Tokyo Electric맨11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog먙Examining the agency\u0027s strengths and weaknesses. More먙TSA turns 10The supercommittee is probably going to fail. More먙So what happens next?Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsOccupy Oakland Group Evicted From Vacant맨 2:19Slain Vallejo Police Officer Honored By 맨 1:59Arrests Made In Occupy San Francisco Encampment맨 1:45Fallout Continues From UC Police Actions맨 2:08Man arrested on NY bomb plot chargeBuilding burns in Cairo clashesHunt is on for missing national treasureSyria ignores crackdown deadlineH 62L 47CloudyH 17L 8CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Massive fire rips through RenoNew probe of Natalie Wood\u0027s deathOccupy Wall Street clash with policeColumn: When parents go brokeDemi Moore to divorce Ashton KutcherTop 5 places to pop the question","h2":"Yahoo! News\u0027al-Qaida sympathizer\u0027 accused of NYC bomb plotsAmerican spies outed, CIA suffers in LebanonCongress may try blocking cuts if debt panel failsSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your Friends\u0027 ActivityMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesFirst Lady booed at NASCAR raceMeet Herman Cain뇹 new Secret Service detailDear Col. Gadhafi: How an ex-CIA Arabist, GOP lobbyist, and ex-RNC/AIPAC fundraiser sought to help Gadhafi for $10 millionTSA turns 10So what happens next?Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 21 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 21 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC212010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":53,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
