{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.A day after Herman Cain shuttered his Republican candidacy for president, struggling GOP hopefuls looked to pick up the fallen candidate\u0027s tea party following and upset a primary dynamic that has pushed Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich to the forefront. More먙GOP rivals hope to court Cain supportersEgypt\u0027s top reformist leader said Sunday the liberal youth behind the country\u0027s uprising맨 More먙Egypt\u0027s ElBaradei: Liberals \u0027decimated\u0027 in voteSen. John McCain said Sunday that the potentially powerful Hispanic vote in the upcoming presidential맨 More먙McCain: Hispanic vote \u0027up for grabs\u0027Facing bankruptcy, the U.S. Postal Service is pushing ahead with unprecedented cuts to first-class mail next spring that will slow delivery and, for the first time in 40 years, eliminate the chance for stamped letters to맨 More먙Postal cuts to slow delivery of first-class mailFacing bankruptcy, the U.S. Postal Service is pushing ahead with unprecedented cuts to first-class mail next spring that will slow delivery and, for the first time in 40 years, eliminate the chance for stamped letters to arrive the next day.Europe\u0027s government-debt crisis, which has dragged on for more than two years, is entering a pivotal week, as leaders across the continent converge to prevent a collapse of the euro and a global financial panic that could맨 More먙Pivotal week for Europe\u0027s leaders and fate of euroEurope\u0027s government-debt crisis, which has dragged on for more than two years, is entering a pivotal week, as leaders across the continent converge to prevent a collapse of the euro and a global financial panic that could result.Prime Minister Vladimir Putin\u0027s party struggled to hang onto its majority in Russia\u0027s parliamentary election, results showed Monday, suggesting Russians were wearying of the man who has dominated Russian politics for more맨 More먙Putin\u0027s party losing support in parliamentary votePrime Minister Vladimir Putin\u0027s party struggled to hang onto its majority in Russia\u0027s parliamentary election, results showed Monday, suggesting Russians were wearying of the man who has dominated Russian politics for more than a decade.Megachurch leader Bishop Eddie Long announced Sunday he\u0027s taking time off to focus on his family after his wife filed for divorce. More먙Eddie Long taking time off from Ga. megachurchMegachurch leader Bishop Eddie Long announced Sunday he\u0027s taking time off to focus on his family after his wife filed for divorce.President Barack Obama in lauding the actors, musicians and others receiving Kennedy Center Honors Sunday night, also was looking for advice. More먙Obama gets laughs at Kennedy Center HonorsPresident Barack Obama in lauding the actors, musicians and others receiving Kennedy Center Honors Sunday night, also was looking for advice.The suddenly splurging Miami Marlins landed their second big free agent in a matter of days, agreeing Sunday night to a $106 million, six-year contract with All-Star shortstop Jose Reyes, a person familiar with the negotiations told The Associated Press.After going more than two years and 26 tournaments without a win, and after so much turmoil in his personal life and with his golf game, Tiger Woods stood over a 6-foot birdie putt Sunday to win the Chevron World Challenge and felt as though nothing had changed.MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian voters have dealt Vladimir Putin\u0027s ruling party a heavy blow by cutting its parliamentary majority in an election that showed growing unease with his domination of the country as he prepares to reclaim the presidency. Incomplete results showed Putin\u0027s United Russia was struggling even to win 50맨BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Germany is prepared to soften language in the euro zone\u0027s permanent bailout mechanism compelling bondholders to accept losses in exchange for much stricter budget rules, four sources have told Reuters. The shift would not completely remove the possibility of private bondholders having to accept losses맨BOSTON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase \u0026 Co is arranging the 1-billion-euro ($1.34 billion) loan that SAP AG is taking on to help pay for its $3.4 billion takeover of SuccessFactors, SAP co-Chief Executive Bill McDermott told Reuters. \"The 1 billion will probably be paid down within about a year. That\u0027s how we usually맨TOKYO (Reuters) - An investigative panel has found Japan\u0027s disgraced Olympus Corp hid up to $1.67 billion in losses from its investors, but is likely to say there is no evidence of involvement by organized crime in the cover-up, a source said Monday. The panel will also stop short of recommending criminal charges against맨BONN (Reuters) - The West wants to use an Afghanistan meeting Monday to signal enduring support for Kabul as allied troops head home, but economic turmoil in Europe and crises with Pakistan and Iran may prompt doubts about Western resolve. The goal of Afghanistan\u0027s international partners is to leave behind a government맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democrats plan to offer a new proposal on Monday to extend a popular payroll tax cut amid signals that Republican leaders would accept a compromise that covers the cost to the federal Treasury. Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad, a Democrat, said that the offer would be a \"serious맨PARIS (Reuters) - French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel meet in Paris on Monday under pressure to align their positions on centralizing control of euro zone budgets to stem a debt crisis that threatens Europe\u0027s currency union. After individually outlining their views last week on closer fiscal맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During his quick ride to the top of voter surveys, Newt Gingrich has cast himself as the more conservative alternative to a flip-flopping Mitt Romney, the other leading Republican candidate for president. But the rise of Gingrich, a former speaker of the House of Representatives, is drawing increased맨TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian media reported on Sunday that their country\u0027s military had shot down a U.S. reconnaissance drone in eastern Iran, but a U.S. official said there was no indication the aircraft had been shot down. NATO\u0027s U.S.-led mission in neighbouring Afghanistan said the Iranian report could refer to an unarmed맨ROME (Reuters) - Prime Minister Mario Monti will present a 30 billion euro package of austerity measures to parliament Monday designed to shore up Italy\u0027s strained public finances and help to stem a debt crisis threatening to overwhelm the euro zone. Cabinet approved the mix of tax hikes, pension reforms and incentives맨TOKYO (Reuters) - An investigative panel has found Japan\u0027s disgraced Olympus Corp hid up to $1.67 billion in losses from its investors, but stops short of recommending criminal charges against executives involved in the cover-up, a source said on Monday. Separately, the Nikkei newspaper said that the panel was likely to맨Does Scarlett Johansson hate Blake Lively? About this blog먙Mind-altering psych drugs for a 7-year-old. More먙20/20The rise (and fall) of Herman Cain. More먙Daily CommentGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsWill Niners Fans Follow Team To Santa Cl맨 1:56Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Jim맨 2:14Search For Culprits Shooting Waterfowl At맨 2:21Car Wash Fundraiser For Toddler Shot In 맨 2:06Protesters detained after unauthorized rallyRoller derby hopesBali boy back homeRBA rate cut hopesH 63L 46Partly CloudyH 17L 8Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Aftermath of raging Santa Ana windsSubmit Iowa photos for candidatesNot such a \u0027Wonderful Life\u0027Top 10 Lists of 2011No more kisses for Oscar Wilde뇹 tombBritney Spears turns 30","h2":"Yahoo! NewsGOP rivals hope to court Cain supportersEgypt\u0027s ElBaradei: Liberals \u0027decimated\u0027 in voteMcCain: Hispanic vote \u0027up for grabs\u0027San Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Fact or fiction?Iran claims to have brought down U.S. spy drone; U.S.-led forces say UAV went missing in western AfghanistanNewt Gingrich accepts Donald Trump debate invitation, Ron Paul declinesHerman Cain drops out of presidential race20/20Daily CommentBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 5 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 5 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN52010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":41,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
