{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"If this didn\u0027t work for you see detailed instructionsClose this windowDiscover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.European leaders rushed Monday to stop a rampaging debt crisis that threatened to shatter their 12-year-old experiment in a common currency and devastate the world economy as a result. More먙Euro in danger, Europe races for debt solutionIn an explosive allegation, a Georgia woman said Monday she and Republican presidential맨 More먙Woman alleges long affair with CainA judge on Monday used unusually harsh language to strike down a $285 million settlement맨 More먙NY judge rejects $285M SEC-Citigroup agreementThey waited in long lines for hours to vote, despite a new wave of unrest, fears about a sharply divided society and uncertainty over the nation\u0027s future. More먙Egyptians wait in long lines to elect a parliamentThey waited in long lines for hours to vote, despite a new wave of unrest, fears about a sharply divided society and uncertainty over the nation\u0027s future.Shoppers seem to be just as enthusiastic about shopping on their computers and smartphones on Cyber Monday as they were about finding deals over the weekend. More먙Shoppers snap up Cyber Monday dealsShoppers seem to be just as enthusiastic about shopping on their computers and smartphones on Cyber Monday as they were about finding deals over the weekend.A U.N. investigation concluded Monday that Syrian forces committed crimes against humanity by killing and torturing hundreds of children, including a 2-year-old girl reportedly shot to death so she wouldn\u0027t grow up to be맨 More먙UN: Syrian forces killed, tortured 256 childrenA U.N. investigation concluded Monday that Syrian forces committed crimes against humanity by killing and torturing hundreds of children, including a 2-year-old girl reportedly shot to death so she wouldn\u0027t grow up to be a demonstrator.For now, Wall Street protesters camped out on the Los Angeles City Hall lawn still have their tent city after defying a deadline to pack up and clear out. \"Still occupied,\" read the sign of a protester up in a tree. More먙LA protesters defy eviction efforts, go to courtFor now, Wall Street protesters camped out on the Los Angeles City Hall lawn still have their tent city after defying a deadline to pack up and clear out. \"Still occupied,\" read the sign of a protester up in a tree.Democratic Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts announced his retirement Monday effective at the end of next year, closing out a congressional career of more than three decades capped by passage of legislation imposing new맨 More먙Democratic Rep. Barney Frank announces retirementDemocratic Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts announced his retirement Monday effective at the end of next year, closing out a congressional career of more than three decades capped by passage of legislation imposing new regulations on Wall Street.Robert Champion fell in love with music at about age 6 when he saw a marching band at a parade in downtown Atlanta. So mesmerized by the festivities, he came home, took out pots and pans and started banging away like a little drummer.Urban Meyer is back on familiar turf, fit and rarin\u0027 to go as Ohio State\u0027s new football coach.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fitch Ratings gave the United States until 2013 to come up with a \"credible plan\" to tackle its ballooning budget deficit or risk a downgrade of the country\u0027s coveted AAA rating. The ratings agency on Monday revised to negative from stable the outlook on the U.S. credit rating after a special congressional맨(Reuters) - Credit rating agency Standard \u0026 Poor\u0027s could change the outlook for France\u0027s triple-A rating to negative within the next 10 days, a French newspaper reported on Monday, citing several sources. Such a move would signal a possible downgrade. \"It could happen within a week, perhaps 10 days,\" La Tribune quoted a맨(Reuters) - Facebook Inc is looking to go public between April and June 2012 with a valuation of over $100 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The social media giant is considering raising as much as $10 billion in its IPO, the report said. Sources familiar with the matter맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge angrily threw out Citigroup Inc\u0027s proposed $285 million settlement over the sale of toxic mortgage debt, excoriating the top U.S. market regulator over how it reaches corporate fraud settlements. U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan said that in agreeing to the settlement, the맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A woman accused Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain on Monday of having a 13-year affair with her that ended just months ago, a new charge that could derail his campaign for the White House. Cain, already hit by allegations of sexual harassment, denied an affair but he addressed the idea맨BERLIN/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Germany and France stepped up a drive on Monday for coercive powers to reject euro zone members\u0027 budgets that breach EU rules, and the United States kept up the drumbeat of demands from the rest of the world for decisive action. The OECD rich nations\u0027 economic think-tank said the European Central맨ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan\u0027s prime minister ruled out \"business as usual\" with the United States on Monday after a NATO attack killed 24 Pakistani soldiers and the army threatened to curtail cooperation over the war in Afghanistan. Saturday\u0027s incident on Pakistan\u0027s border with Afghanistan has complicated U.S. attempts맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama pressed European Union officials on Monday to act quickly and decisively to resolve their sovereign debt crisis, which the White House said was weighing on the U.S. economy. After meeting European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission President Jose Manuel맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators and law enforcement believe a bankruptcy trustee has overestimated the amount of customer funds missing at MF Global, according to sources familiar with the matter. One source said on Monday that regulators believe at least $220 million is being double-counted by the trustee, taking맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rebounded from seven days of losses on Monday as investors used the latest effort from European leaders to resolve the region\u0027s debt crisis as an opportunity to cover short positions. Trading was light, a sign skepticism remains high. Just 6.8 billion shares changed hands during the day on U.S.맨(Reuters) - Barney Frank announced his retirement from Congress Monday, leaving fellow Democrats without their foremost defender of a landmark financial-regulation overhaul that Republicans and Wall Street groups want to repeal. Elected to the House of Representatives in 1980, Frank was one of the first openly gay politicians맨ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan\u0027s prime minister ruled out \"business as usual\" with the United States on Monday after a NATO attack killed 24 Pakistani soldiers and the army threatened to curtail cooperation over the war in Afghanistan. Saturday\u0027s incident on Pakistan\u0027s border with Afghanistan has complicated U.S. attempts맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria faces growing economic sanctions and condemnation over what the United Nations calls \"gross human rights violations,\" but President Bashar al-Assad shows no sign of buckling under pressure to end his military crackdown on popular unrest. State television broadcast pro-Assad rallies \"supporting national맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fitch Ratings gave the United States until 2013 to come up with a \"credible plan\" to tackle its ballooning budget deficit before it downgrades the country\u0027s coveted AAA rating. The ratings agency said on Monday it revised to negative from stable the outlook on the U.S. credit rating after a special맨(Reuters) - One glance at the numbers for the first big weekend of holiday shopping and you might think Americans are flush with cash and spending it freely. A survey from the National Retail Federation, an industry trade group, indicates that Americans said they spent $7.4 billion more from Thursday\u0027s Thanksgiving through맨11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog먙Is Germany the next victim of the euro crisis? More먙Europe\u0027s debt crisisThe myth of the maverick. More먙LeadershipGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsUC Students Protest Police Actions, Soaring맨 2:17East Bay Funeral Procession Honors Fallen맨 1:48Protests Set As UC Regents Meet In San F맨 2:01Monday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:46Raw Video: Ice sculptors create nativity sceneProfessor denies viewing child porn on planePanda Researchers Dress Up to Help CubsSyracuse Scandal: Coach AccusedH 59L 51Partly CloudyH 15L 11Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Arrests at Occupy L.A.Indonesia bridge collapseCyber Monday deals 2011Best weekend sports photosWorld\u0027s most polluted playgroundsSigns of holiday season in New York","h2":"Yahoo! NewsEuro in danger, Europe races for debt solutionWoman alleges long affair with CainNY judge rejects $285M SEC-Citigroup agreementSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesNew York Times criticized for revealing too many details about alleged Penn State sex abuse victim; ESPN questioned over Syracuse tapeIsrael Defense Ministry apologizes for strip search of pregnant New York Times photographerGawker names Deadspin뇹 A.J. Daulerio new editor-in-chiefEurope\u0027s debt crisisLeadershipBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 29 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 29 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC292010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":23,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
