{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.MOSCOW (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of flag-waving and chanting protesters called Saturday for a disputed parliamentary election to be rerun and an end to Vladimir Putin\u0027s rule, increasing pressure on the Russian leader as he tries to win back the presidency. The protesters … More »Tens of thousands of protesters pressure PutinABUJA (Reuters) - Islamist militants set off bombs across in Nigeria on Christmas Day … More »Islamists kill dozens in Nigeria Christmas bombsVATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Benedict called for an end to violence in Syria on Sunday … More »Pope Christmas peace appeal marred by Nigeria blastsBAGHDAD (Reuters) - Vice President Joe Biden spoke by telephone on Sunday with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki about violence in Baghdad and a political crisis that has erupted in the week since the last American troops … More »U.S. urges dialogue over Iraqi crisisBAGHDAD (Reuters) - Vice President Joe Biden spoke by telephone on Sunday with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki about violence in Baghdad and a political crisis that has erupted in the week since the last American troops left Iraq. U.S. officials, diplomats and Iraqi politicians have been in a flurry of talks to calm …TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya will include thousands of former rebels who helped topple Muammar Gaddafi in its armed forces from January, the defense minister said on Sunday, testing the government\u0027s ability to get rebel leaders … More »Libya to include rebels in military from JanuaryTRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya will include thousands of former rebels who helped topple Muammar Gaddafi in its armed forces from January, the defense minister said on Sunday, testing the government\u0027s ability to get rebel leaders to cede command of their fighters. Although rebels met a deadline imposed by the National Transitional …KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan\u0027s armed forces have killed the leader of Darfur\u0027s most powerful rebel group, state media said on Sunday, dealing a severe blow to insurgents in the remote western region in their nearly decade-long … More »Powerful Darfur rebel chief dead, Sudan saysKHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan\u0027s armed forces have killed the leader of Darfur\u0027s most powerful rebel group, state media said on Sunday, dealing a severe blow to insurgents in the remote western region in their nearly decade-long war with Khartoum. The Darfur conflict has rumbled on since mainly non-Arab insurgents took up arms …BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Sudanese general flew to Damascus on Sunday to head an Arab League mission that will check Syria\u0027s compliance with an Arab peace plan to halt a nine-month crackdown on unrest in which more than 5,000 … More »Head of Arab mission reaches Syria amid more unrestBEIRUT (Reuters) - A Sudanese general flew to Damascus on Sunday to head an Arab League mission that will check Syria\u0027s compliance with an Arab peace plan to halt a nine-month crackdown on unrest in which more than 5,000 people have been killed. General Mohammed al-Dabi\u0027s arrival coincided with fresh violence in the restive …PARIS (Reuters) - The head of the International Monetary Fund said the world economy was in danger and urged Europeans to speak with one voice on a debt crisis that has rattled the global financial system. In Nigeria last … More »IMF\u0027s Lagarde warns global economy threatenedPARIS (Reuters) - The head of the International Monetary Fund said the world economy was in danger and urged Europeans to speak with one voice on a debt crisis that has rattled the global financial system. In Nigeria last week, IMF Christine Lagarde said the IMF\u0027s 4 percent growth forecast for the world economy in 2012 …NEW YORK/LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Retailers saw a steady flow of last-minute shoppers on Saturday, the day before Christmas, putting a moderate cap on a pre-holiday season that started with a bang and has since waned. Industry watchers are forecasting a stronger holiday shopping season than expected, fueled by deep discounts …SANAA (Reuters) - Yemen\u0027s acting leader on Sunday urged foes and loyalists of President Ali Abdullah to call a truce, after Saleh\u0027s forces killed nine people demanding he be tried for the deaths of demonstrators over nearly a year of protests against him. Troops from what witnesses identified as loyalist units opened fire …UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. General Assembly on Saturday approved a 5 percent decrease in the United Nations\u0027 budget for 2012-2013 over the previous two-year period, only the second time in 50 years that the world body has slashed its spending. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised the 193-nation General Assembly …HAVANA (Reuters) - At least 38 people died on Saturday when a boat carrying Haitian migrants sunk off the coast of Guantanamo province in far eastern Cuban, Cuban television reported. It said 87 people, including seven women, were rescued after Cuban civil defense forces spotted the boat 100 meters off Punta Maisi, which …LONDON (Reuters) - Europe faces another year of dismal economic performance in 2012 that will weigh on global growth, but emerging markets and the United States should at least keep the world economy moving in the right direction. There are several reasons why next year may be nothing to look forward to, according to Reuters …TILTON, New Hampshire (Reuters) - - Ten days before the first votes in the 2012 Republican presidential race, Mitt Romney\u0027s well-funded campaign machine has held off the most serious challenge to his White House bid and is keeping him near the top of the pack. The denting of his main rival, Newt Gingrich, endorsements from …TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese government is considering a dollar swap arrangement with India to provide emergency liquidity in case the European debt crisis reaches emerging economies, the Nikkei business newspaper said on Sunday. The agreement would set the total swap arrangement at $10 billion, or 780 billion yen, the …Pope Benedict XVI issued pleas for peace to reign across the world during his traditional Christmas address Sunday, a call marred by Muslim extremists who bombed a Catholic church in Nigeria, striking after worshippers celebrated Mass.The loose-knit hacking movement \"Anonymous\" claimed Sunday to have stolen thousands of credit card numbers and other personal information belonging to clients of U.S.-based security think tank Stratfor. One hacker said the goal was to pilfer funds from individuals\u0027 accounts to give away as Christmas donations, and some …For more than a decade they toiled in the strange, boxy-looking building on the hill above the municipal airport, the building with no windows (except in the cafeteria), the building filled with secrets.The Sudanese army said Sunday that it killed the leader of the main Darfur rebel group in fighting earlier this week, touting his death as a key victory against a powerful rebel force that once threatened Sudan\u0027s capital.North Korea is showing the uncle and key patron of anointed heir Kim Jong Un wearing a military uniform with a general\u0027s insignia — a strong sign he\u0027ll play a crucial role in helping the young man take over power and uphold the \"military-first\" policy initiated by his late father, Kim Jong Il.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsAnger at suspect election results persists. More »As Russia braces for new protestsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Holiday Gifts For Bay Area Kids Visiting … 2:24Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Elizabeth … 2:21Bay Area Spare The Air Day Dampens Holiday … 2:26Tweet About A\u0027s Move To San Jose Causes Much … 0:52Pope urges end to Syria bloodshed, world peace7News: Billions spent at Boxing Day salesAP Top Stories7News: Aussie ready for Boxing Day testH 57°L 43°Partly CloudyH 14°L 6°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Share your memories using #YearInReviewShare: NORAD tracking SantaThe photographer and the MarineSnapshots of the WeekAwkward holiday photosThe mystery of Christmas colors","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedTens of thousands of protesters pressure PutinIslamists kill dozens in Nigeria Christmas bombsPope Christmas peace appeal marred by Nigeria blastsSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"What the TV ads in Iowa tell us about the 2012 Republican candidates: Gone in 30 secondsIs Kim Jong-Il’s ghost controlling the weather?Newt Gingrich aims to win the GOP nomination with animal photosBreaking News from ABC NewsAs Russia braces for new protestsDestination 2012Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 25 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 25 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN252010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":29,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
