{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.We all may have a little year-end list fatigue, but Flickr has curated a pretty cool one: a collection of the best news photos of the year as selected by Yahoo editors. Natural disasters (the tsunami in Japan, the tornado in Joplin, and Hurricane Irene in the Northeast) … More »Flickr picks the 18 best news photos of 2011CHICAGO (Reuters) - A U.S. scientific advisory board Tuesday asked two scientific journals … More »U.S. asks journals to censor bird flu studiesStocks soar on Europe hopes, strong housing starts More »Stocks soar on strong housing startsEveryone in Congress wants to extend the current payroll tax cut, which affects 160 million Americans. But the issue over how long to extend the cut--and how to fund it--has set the stage for a last major political battle … More »House wages pushback on payroll tax cutEveryone in Congress wants to extend the current payroll tax cut, which affects 160 million Americans. But the issue over how long to extend the cut--and how to fund it--has set the stage for a last major political battle in Washington for 2011. Republicans are now arguing that Senate-passed legislation to extend the cut …On campus, a successful football team is a cause for celebration. More »When a football team wins, male grades drop, economists findOn campus, a successful football team is a cause for celebration.During campaign season, it never hurts for a presidential candidate facing a frustrated public to display toughness and resolve in the face of an old and familiar adversary. And it also doesn\u0027t hurt to throw in some shock-and-awe--say, … More »Moscow announces work on \u0027Satan\u0027 missileDuring campaign season, it never hurts for a presidential candidate facing a frustrated public to display toughness and resolve in the face of an old and familiar adversary. And it also doesn\u0027t hurt to throw in some shock-and-awe--say, an intercontinental ballistic missile nicknamed \"Satan.\" This appears to at least partly …JUNEAU, Alaska (The Blaze/AP) — Sarah Palin says it’s not too late for someone to jump into the Republican presidential race. More »Sarah Palin: Not too late to jump into Republican raceJUNEAU, Alaska (The Blaze/AP) — Sarah Palin says it’s not too late for someone to jump into the Republican presidential race.CHICAGO (Reuters) - The first blizzard of the season has dumped as much as 15 inches of snow in the southern Plains, disrupting beef production, and halting business in the cash cattle markets. As the storm waned on Tuesday, … More »Blizzard in Plains disrupts beef outputCHICAGO (Reuters) - The first blizzard of the season has dumped as much as 15 inches of snow in the southern Plains, disrupting beef production, and halting business in the cash cattle markets. As the storm waned on Tuesday, crews were out clearing roads but icy conditions are likely to keep the movement of cattle slow, …Egypt\u0027s military said on Tuesday it strongly regretted attacks on female demonstrators, as footage of soldiers beating women fuelled deadly anti-military protests in Cairo for a fifth straight day.To the outside world, the next leader of North Korea is a blank slate, a fat-faced young man in his late 20s who, according to people he went to school with in Switzerland over a decade ago, was a fan of Michael Jordan\u0027s. That\u0027s pretty much what we know. What we don\u0027t know is everything else, including what Kim Jong Un …Aisha Khan Told Her Sister She Had Slapped a Drunken Man Who Was Harassing Her\"Like\" us on Facebook.com/TrendingNow and follow us on Twitter @YahooTrending! It\u0027s been nine months since a tsunami devastated Japan and killed more than 15,000 people. Debris from the disaster is washing ashore thousands of miles from the epicenter, in places you may not expect including  right here in America. Last week …Facebook\u0027s in a legal battle with Mark Zuckerberg--not the founder and CEO of the social network or  Mark Zuckerberg the attorney, but Mark Zuckerberg, but the co-founder of the Likestore. Unlike the lawyer who had trouble registering his given name on Facebook, this last Mark Zuckerberg was not born with name Mark Zuckerberg; …(Reuters) - A senior Greenhill \u0026 Co Inc investment banker, an avid pilot who worked on some of his firm\u0027s biggest deals, was one of five people killed when his private plane crashed on a busy New Jersey highway on Tuesday. Jeffrey Buckalew, 45, head of Greenhill\u0027s North American Advisory, was believed to have been traveling …The Players: Dean Baquet, Managing Editor of the New York Times who once defied corporate orders at the Tribune Company and was ousted because of it, Gerould \"Gerry\" Kern, Editor of the Chicago Tribune often seen as a Tribune Company loyalist.Related: A War of Words Between Donald Trump and Gail CollinsNew York\u0027s mayor celebrated record tourist numbers Friday by awarding the city\u0027s 50 millionth visitor this year a symbolic golden ticket -- and some serious cash prizes -- in Times Square.Mohawks buzzed and noses free of piercings, dozens of youths march in military-style for hours beneath Indonesia\u0027s tropical sun — part of efforts by authorities to restore moral values and bring the \"deviants\" back into the mainstream.You can link your various social networking accounts to just about every kind of service these days. Online retailers encourage you to brag about recent purchases using your Twitter handle, and some restaurants even offer discounts if you\u0027re willing to check-in … Continue reading ?LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - \"Avatar\" director James Cameron has been sued for the second time in nearly as many weeks by someone claiming to have come up with the idea for the sci-fi mega-hit. Cameron\u0027s attorney, Bert Fields, and Fox both slammed the latest suit by science fiction writer Bryant Moore as without merit. Moore, …\u0027Tis the season for buying toys, so Life’s Little Mysteries counts down the best-selling (and best-loved) toys from the ages. We have assembled them according to sales data, which is a bit skewed as people tend to have bought more things in recent years than in decades past.GOP candidate pokes fun at rival during appearance with David Letterman.The New York Times has unmasked 80-year-old Cornell alum Charles F. Feeney as the anonymous donor who gave the school a $350 million donation to construct a new technology-based satellite campus on Roosevelt Island in New York City. Officials at The  Atlantic Philanthropies, the foundation started by Feeney in 1982, confirmed …A 76-year-old British woman recently had a pen removed from her stomach, and doctors were shocked to discover that after 25 years of gestation the pen still works. The British Medical Journal Case Reports chronicled the medical case of the woman, who has not been identified, was sent to a GI specialist after various symptoms, …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - NASA\u0027s Kepler mission has discovered the first Earth-size planets orbiting a sun-like star outside our solar system, a milestone in the search for planets like the earth, the space agency said on Tuesday. The planets, called Kepler-20e and Kepler-20f, are the smallest planets outside the solar system …No, this is not an ill-conceived sequel to  an Ira Levin novel. Scientists at a laboratory in Germany have begun growing human skin from the cells of infant foreskins. According to the German Herald, the \"medical breakthrough\" is being used to test cosmetics and other consumer products and could someday replace all animal …8 common myths about flying with kids. About this blog »Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhere the GOP candidates stand on foreign affairs. More »Election 101Jon Bon Jovi victim of online death hoax. More »\u0027Dead or Alive?\u0027Oakland City Council May Move To Block Future … 2:29Oakland Considers How To Protect Another … 1:45Layaway Angels Grant Holiday Wishes In C … 2:22Facebook Completes Move To Menlo Park 1:38Who Takes Charge in North Korea?Senators Show Support To The 188thRuddock enters asylum debatePositive signs for MollyH 60°L 44°Partly CloudyH 16°L 7°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"North Korea mourns Kim Jong IlPhilippines flooding: How to helpStory behind 44 ornamentsFormer Miss Venezuela dies at 28Most regifted itemsReview: A chilling \"Dragon Tattoo\"","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFlickr picks the 18 best news photos of 2011U.S. asks journals to censor bird flu studiesStocks soar on strong housing startsSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Family of detained Iranian-American “shocked” at spy chargesGerman scientists growing skin from baby foreskinsFlickr picks the 18 best news photos of 2011Flying with kidsBreaking News from ABC NewsElection 101\u0027Dead or Alive?\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 21 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 21 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN212010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":25,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
