{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.PRAGUE (Reuters) - Vaclav Havel, an anti-Communist playwright who became Czech president and a worldwide symbol of peace and freedom after leading the bloodless \"Velvet Revolution,\" died at the age of 75 on Sunday. The former chain smoker died at his country home in Hradecek, … More »Havel, leader of \"Velvet Revolution,\" diesK-CROSSING, Kuwait (Reuters) - The last convoy of U.S. soldiers pulled out of Iraq on … More »Last U.S. troops leave Iraq, ending warWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The fate of an expiring tax break for 160 million American workers … More »House Republicans oppose Senate payroll tax billWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The drama over the meltdown of the brokerage firm MF Global pivots around a clash between two veteran traders who rose from relatively humble roots to the very top of the futures-trading business. One … More »Insight: CME\u0027s Duffy vs MF Global\u0027s Corzine: A question of trustWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The drama over the meltdown of the brokerage firm MF Global pivots around a clash between two veteran traders who rose from relatively humble roots to the very top of the futures-trading business. One is Jon Corzine, the firm\u0027s former CEO who just testified in Congress about the mystery surrounding …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flying drone aircraft over Afghanistan from the comfort of a military base in the United States is much more stressful than it might seem, even for pilots spared the sacrifice of overseas deployment … More »Overstretched drone pilots face stress riskWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flying drone aircraft over Afghanistan from the comfort of a military base in the United States is much more stressful than it might seem, even for pilots spared the sacrifice of overseas deployment and separation from family and friends. America\u0027s insatiable demand for drone technology is taking …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian state television on Sunday aired what it described as the confession of an Iranian man detained for spying for the CIA. State television broadcast a taped interview with Amir Mirza Hekmati, in which … More »Iran state TV airs \"confession\" of detained CIA spyTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian state television on Sunday aired what it described as the confession of an Iranian man detained for spying for the CIA. State television broadcast a taped interview with Amir Mirza Hekmati, in which he said he had received training by the U.S. intelligence services. The channel said he had been …BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Christian Wulff, an ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel, said he did use the villas of business friends for private holidays, the latest twist in a scandal that could cost him his job after … More »German president in peril over use of private villasBERLIN (Reuters) - German President Christian Wulff, an ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel, said he did use the villas of business friends for private holidays, the latest twist in a scandal that could cost him his job after just 18 months. Although the president\u0027s role is largely ceremonial, damaging headlines reflect badly …FORT MEADE, MD (Reuters) - A key witness was excused from testifying in the case against Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning on Sunday after he invoked his right against self-incrimination at a hearing about the largest … More »Key witness excused from testifying in U.S. leaks caseFORT MEADE, MD (Reuters) - A key witness was excused from testifying in the case against Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning on Sunday after he invoked his right against self-incrimination at a hearing about the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history. Sergeant First Class Paul Adkins invoked his right …AMMAN (Reuters) - Gulf officials expressed hope Sunday that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would finally sign an Arab League peace aimed at ending a crackdown on protests and averting civil war. After six weeks of Syrian stalling, Qatar said it had information Assad would sign the plan, which calls for withdrawing the …BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The euro zone will pursue measures to tackle its sovereign debt crisis this week by offering more cash to the IMF and long-term liquidity to banks, while moving towards tighter fiscal rules, after ratings agency Fitch cast doubt on it ability to forge a decisive response. \"We all know that Europe has …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The dust had barely settled from the last column of departing U.S. armoured vehicles when Iraq\u0027s rival Sunni and Shi\u0027ite factions resumed the kind of political infighting that threatens a lurch back into turmoil. Within hours of the last U.S. troops rolling out of Iraq on Sunday, Shi\u0027ite Prime Minister …RAMALLAH/GAZA (Reuters) - Israel released 550 Palestinian prisoners Sunday in the second stage of a deal with Hamas that brought home soldier Gilad Shalit after five years of captivity in the Gaza Strip. While many of the 450 prisoners freed on October 18 in the first phase of the Egyptian-brokered prisoner swap were serving …(Reuters) - Republican Jon Huntsman, who has based his 2012 campaign for the White House almost exclusively on a strong showing in New Hampshire, has been rewarded with endorsements from two newspapers in the state with an early primary election. The Keene Sentinel and the Valley News both praised the former U.S. ambassador …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The fate of legislation in the Congress to extend a payroll tax cut for two months was uncertain on Saturday as the measure appeared to face strong opposition in the House of Representatives. House leaders announced they have scheduled votes on the Senate-passed bill for Monday night. But as has been …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans are making progress in working down their heavy debt burden, but are struggling to break out of another funk holding back the economy: their deep pessimism. Some economists point to a big drop in household debt as a sign that American consumers - once considered the driving force of the …Outside it was pitch dark. The six American soldiers couldn\u0027t see much of the desert landscape streaming by outside the small windows of their armored vehicle. They were hushed and exhausted from an all-night drive — part of the last convoy of U.S. troops to leave Iraq during the final moment of a nearly nine-year war.The end of Czechoslovakia\u0027s totalitarian regime was called the Velvet Revolution because of how smooth the transition seemed: Communism dead in a matter of weeks, without a shot fired. But for Vaclav Havel, it was a moment he helped pay for with decades of suffering and struggle.Even as Iraqis celebrated the departure of the last American troops Sunday, the dangers left behind after nearly nine years of war were on full display. Politicians feuded along the country\u0027s potentially explosive sectarian lines and the drumbeat of deadly violence went on.Top House Republicans rebelled Sunday against a bipartisan, Senate-approved bill extending payroll tax cuts and jobless benefits for two months, reigniting a politically fueled holiday-season clash that had seemed all but doused.After having no contact with her soldier husband for a week, Jeannette Juroff was relieved to hear his voice when the phone rang at 3 a.m. Sunday.As a storm that killed more than 650 in the southern Philippines raged outside the store where she works, Amor Limbago worriedly called home to check on her parents, but their cellphones just kept ringing and later went dead.More than two years ago, Faeirouz Elbergwa was among a select group of Libyans sent by her government to an American university to train for the nation\u0027s diplomatic corps. As she prepares for the final stage of her studies, she and her colleagues now find themselves in an odd state of limbo — a vestige of a regime that …As Deloris Gillespie went up the elevator to her fifth-floor Brooklyn apartment, carrying groceries, a man was waiting. His face was one her neighbors later recognized, and that she surely must have.As the last U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq on Sunday, friends and family of the first and last American fighters killed in combat were cherishing their memories rather than dwelling on whether the war and their sacrifice was worth it.How a non-beach person spends time in Hawaii. About this blog »Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC News10 grim lessons learned after eight years of war in Iraq. More »Leaving BaghdadOrange juice\u0027s \u0027secret ingredient\u0027 worries some health-minded moms. More »What\u0027s really in OJ?Union Square Salvation Army Bell Ringer Shatters … 0:41Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Jim … 2:20Neighbors Face Off With Mythbusters After … 2:12Saturday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta … 2:27Freed Palestinian prisoners celebrate homecomingHill Country Christmas Bureau helps victims of Leander fire and othersRaw Video: Israel completes prisoner swapPoor Economy Taking a Toll on Company Holiday PartiesH 57°L 46°Partly CloudyH 14°L 8°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Is \u0027crying it out\u0027 dangerous?Comet\u0027s death-defying escapeAn officer\u0027s promise: I\u0027ll stayCutest YouTube video ever?Week in photosHistory of organ transplants","h2":"Yahoo! NewsHavel, leader of \"Velvet Revolution,\" diesLast U.S. troops leave Iraq, ending warHouse Republicans oppose Senate payroll tax billSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Des Moines Register backs Mitt Romney for GOP nominationComic superheroes perform breast self examsU.S. transfers last detainee to Iraqi custodyThe best views in HawaiiBreaking News from ABC NewsLeaving BaghdadWhat\u0027s really in OJ?Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 19 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 19 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN192010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":46,"second":16},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
