{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.After a string of Republican presidential debates, Saturday night\u0027s showdown at Drake University in Iowa shaping up to be the most lively and heated of them all. And we\u0027re not just saying that because Yahoo!, along with ABC, is a co-sponsor of the event; rather, because … More »Iowa debate: first Real Gingrich-Romney battleThe man who killed a Virginia Tech police officer walked up to the patrolman he did not … More »Va. Tech shooter didn\u0027t know officer he killedParalympic silver medalist Monique van der Vorst has experienced a truly amazing and … More »Un-paralyzed cyclist training for OlympicsBRUSSELS (Reuters) - Napoleon dreamed of it, De Gaulle fought for it, but Nicolas Sarkozy may have achieved it -- a Europe of Nations with France in the cockpit and Britain on the sidelines. The French president emerged as … More »Analysis: Sarkozy, Draghi winners in EU rift, Cameron losesBRUSSELS (Reuters) - Napoleon dreamed of it, De Gaulle fought for it, but Nicolas Sarkozy may have achieved it -- a Europe of Nations with France in the cockpit and Britain on the sidelines. The French president emerged as one of the big winners of a European Union summit on Friday which ended with up to 26 member states …Rick Perry’s campaign faced some infighting this week as one campaign strategist objected to the creation of a television ad in which the Texas governor criticized gay soldiers serving openly in the military. In an exchange … More »Rift in Rick Perry\u0027s camp over ad criticizing gays in militaryRick Perry’s campaign faced some infighting this week as one campaign strategist objected to the creation of a television ad in which the Texas governor criticized gay soldiers serving openly in the military. In an exchange with Nelson Warfield, who created the ad, Tony Fabrizio,...WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Strains between Washington and Moscow over Russia\u0027s disputed parliamentary elections are threatening U.S. President Barack Obama\u0027s \"reset\" policy, and tensions could escalate further under the glare … More »Analysis: U.S., Russia resetting \"reset\" button in relationsWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Strains between Washington and Moscow over Russia\u0027s disputed parliamentary elections are threatening U.S. President Barack Obama\u0027s \"reset\" policy, and tensions could escalate further under the glare of coming presidential votes in both countries. Prime Minister Vladimir Putin\u0027s attack on Secretary …A gunman who fired at cars and shouted \"kill me\" and \"I\u0027m gonna die!\" was shot to death Friday by police after wounding a driver in the heart of Hollywood, authorities and a witness reported. More »LA police kill man shooting at cars in HollywoodA gunman who fired at cars and shouted \"kill me\" and \"I\u0027m gonna die!\" was shot to death Friday by police after wounding a driver in the heart of Hollywood, authorities and a witness reported.Best Viewing in United States Is From Western States Before Dawn More »Lunar eclipse 2011: How to watch moon disappear SaturdayBest Viewing in United States Is From Western States Before DawnThe six Republican presidential candidates who are set to meet and debate again on Saturday have all made some claims that don’t line up with the facts. Will they repeat this shopworn spin, or have they tired of these talking points?A jury condemned a Connecticut man to death Friday for killing a woman and her two daughters during a night of terror inside their suburban home, rejecting defense attorneys\u0027 request to spare his life in light of the abuse he suffered as a boy.Robert Levinson Disappeared in Iran in 2007; Mystery Remains Over Captors\u0027 IdentityNEW YORK, Dec 9 (Reuters) - A judge approved a $2.2 billion transfer to U.S. commodities customers of fallen brokerage MF Global on Friday as a trustee acknowledged there were suspicious transfers leading up to its October 31 collapse. The judge overruled several objections to the transfer at a hearing on Friday in U.S. …Fleeing medical staff abandoned patients to a fire that killed 89 people Friday as smoke poured through the seven-story hospital in this city in eastern India, officials said. Six administrators were arrested.(Reuters) - Ford Motor Co has recalled nearly 129,000 of its Mercury Milan and top-selling Ford Fusion in the United States because their 17-inch steel wheels may fall off, U.S. safety regulators said on Friday. In some vehicles from model years 2010 and 2011, the wheel studs may fracture and make the car shake. If ignored, …NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - A jury on Friday convicted one police officer and acquitted another of lying about their role in a civilian\u0027s killing in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The jury found Ronald Mitchell, 34, guilty on one count of obstruction of justice and one count of perjury for telling authorities he …A former Rutgers University student accused of using a webcam to spy on his roommate\u0027s intimate encounter with another man chose the gamble of a trial, rejecting a plea deal Friday that would have kept him out of prison and sought to prevent his deportation to India.NASA announced the launch date for the first test flight of a commercial spacecraft to the International Space Station today (Dec. 9). The mission, which will test a vehicle intended to carry cargo, and eventually crew, to orbit, represents an important step for the burgeoning private space industry, experts say.The University of Kansas is buying up website names such as www.KUgirls.xxx and www.KUnurses.xxx. But not because it\u0027s planning a Hot Babes of Kansas site or an X-rated gallery of the Nude Girls of the Land of Aaahs.Scientists at the Swiss lab that hosts the world\u0027s largest atom smasher, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), will announce their latest findings in the search for an elusive subatomic particle called the Higgs boson or \"God particle,\" next week. Already blogs and online news outlets are abuzz with speculation about the big …SAN FRANCISCO — While Earth seems to be getting slammed with frequent mega- earthquakes lately, big quakes are not on the rise.This video from the California State University, Northridge campus has ignited controversy across the Internet this morning. In the video, reportedly taken during finals week, a female student loses her temper with her fellow students, accusing them of being disruptive. (Be warned, there are a few choice words whispered …Does Scarlett Johansson hate Blake Lively? About this blog »In 1967, a “New Nixon” emerged. Are we witnessing a “New Newt”? More »Wishful thinking?Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Missing Suisun City Girl May Be Held As Hostage; … 0:44Oakland March Planned In Opposition To Shooting … 2:10West Coast Port Shutdown Plan Divides Occupy … 1:59Black Friday Shooting Suspect Surrenders … 2:22Wave of protests in SyriaAuthorities Search For Motive In Virginia Tech ShootingChristoper Newport University remembers crash victimsODU delays gun regulation voteH 59°L 47°FairH 15°L 8°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"150 attend candlelight vigil at Virginia TechTop Italian mob boss arrestedDiscuss the Friday Photo on FacebookSee-through tablets coming?Crazy auction recordsTop 10 Lists of 2011","h2":"Yahoo! NewsIowa debate: first Real Gingrich-Romney battleVa. Tech shooter didn\u0027t know officer he killedUn-paralyzed cyclist training for OlympicsSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Fact or fiction?Prediction markets: Gingrich is electableSmuggler tried to hide $140,000 drug stash in nacho cheeseJose Antonio Vargas kicked out of Mitt Romney eventWishful thinking?Breaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 9 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 9 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN92010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":18,"minute":37,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
