{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky sexually abused a boy more than 100 times and threatened to harm his family to keep him quiet, according to a lawsuit filed Wednesday by a new accuser who is not part of the criminal case. More먙1st Penn State abuse suit comes from new accuserand that wasn\u0027t the evening\u0027s only surprise. More먙Kanye gets 7 Grammy noms; Adele, Mars, Foos get 6Blending governing with re-election politics, President Barack Obama roused a cheering맨 More먙Obama: \u0027Massive blow\u0027 if GOP blocks payroll taxRepublican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich leads the 2012 pack in buzz but trails his rivals in just about every other category in Iowa. More먙Gingrich trails in organizing in early-voting IowaRepublican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich leads the 2012 pack in buzz but trails his rivals in just about every other category in Iowa.His campaign\u0027s survival in question, Herman Cain plowed ahead Wednesday in an effort to move past a woman\u0027s allegation that they had a longtime affair. But he acknowledged the toll was rising and said he would decide by next맨 More먙Cain plows ahead but says yet again: reassessingHis campaign\u0027s survival in question, Herman Cain plowed ahead Wednesday in an effort to move past a woman\u0027s allegation that they had a longtime affair. But he acknowledged the toll was rising and said he would decide by next week whether to drop out of the Republican race after talking in person to his wife.Republican congressional leaders stressed a willingness Wednesday to extend a Social Security payroll tax cut due to expire Dec. 31, setting up a year-end clash with Democrats over how to pay for a provision at the heart맨 More먙GOP: Offsetting cuts must cover payroll tax reliefRepublican congressional leaders stressed a willingness Wednesday to extend a Social Security payroll tax cut due to expire Dec. 31, setting up a year-end clash with Democrats over how to pay for a provision at the heart of President Barack Obama\u0027s jobs program.A spokesman for the Rev. Billy Graham says the famous evangelist has been taken to a hospital near his home in North Carolina for treatment of his lungs. More먙Preacher Billy Graham admitted to NC hospitalA spokesman for the Rev. Billy Graham says the famous evangelist has been taken to a hospital near his home in North Carolina for treatment of his lungs.A move by the world\u0027s central banks to lower the cost of borrowing exhilarated investors Wednesday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average soaring 490 points and easing fears of a global credit crisis similar to the one맨 More먙Move by central banks exhilarates Wall StreetA move by the world\u0027s central banks to lower the cost of borrowing exhilarated investors Wednesday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average soaring 490 points and easing fears of a global credit crisis similar to the one that followed the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers.The ex-Colorado sheriff was known for his no-nonsense style, his heroism in saving two deputies and for his concern about teenage drug use. He was even named the nation\u0027s sheriff of the year.These are the kinds of negotiations NBA fans have been waiting for.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blackstone Group and Bain Capital are preparing a bid for all of Yahoo Inc with Asian partners in a deal that could value the Internet company at about $25 billion, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The potential bid by the consortium, which would include China\u0027s Alibaba Group and맨TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares rallied to two-week highs on Thursday, building on strong global gains after the world\u0027s six major central banks moved to tame a liquidity crunch for European banks by providing cheaper dollar funding. Financial spreadbetters expect the leading European benchmark indexes to rise on Thursday,맨BRUSSELS/LONDON (Reuters) - The world\u0027s major central banks acted jointly on Wednesday to provide cheaper dollar funding to European banks facing a credit crunch as the euro zone\u0027s debt crisis drove EU ministers to urge more IMF help to avert financial disaster. The emergency move by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the European맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Barack Obama struck an optimistic note on Wednesday night that lawmakers in Congress could reach agreement to extend payroll tax cuts he said earlier were needed to avoid a \"massive blow\" to the economy. At a fundraiser at a New York restaurant, the Democrat said Republican congressional leaders맨NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton began her first substantive talks with Myanmar\u0027s new leaders on Thursday in a meeting Washington hopes will embolden reformers in the reclusive country where entrenched military interests still loom large. Clinton, whose landmark visit to the country also known as맨NEW YORK/TOKYO (Reuters) - The former chief executive of disgraced Olympus Corp, Michael Woodford, launched a campaign on Thursday to oust the board of directors, reclaim his old job and bring in his own team to save the Japanese firm from a big accounting scandal. Woodford, who blew the whistle on accounting tricks at맨BEIJING (Reuters) - China\u0027s factory sector shrank in November in the face of weakening demand both at home and abroad, two surveys showed on Thursday, underlining the central bank\u0027s move to cut bank reserve requirements to shore up the economy. The official and HSBC purchasing managers\u0027 indexes are likely to feed worries맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A deal is building to boost the International Monetary Fund\u0027s resources even as the world presses euro-zone leaders to put more of their own firepower on the line to defeat a debt crisis that threatens global growth. Mexico, which assumes on Thursday the rotating presidency of the Group of 20 nations,맨NEW YORK, Nov 30 (IFR) - Facebook games developer Zynga Inc is seeking a lower-than-expected $10 billion valuation for its initial public offering, which is to be priced on December 15, two people close to the process said on Wednesday. In one of the most highly anticipated deals of the year, Zynga plans to file terms with맨WASHINGTON/ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The top U.S. military officer on Wednesday denied allegations by a senior army official in Islamabad that a NATO attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers was a deliberate act of aggression. Islamabad has reacted angrily to the attack last weekend, which threatens to set back peace efforts맨ABOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT (Reuters) - The top U.S. military officer told Reuters on Wednesday he did not know whether Israel would alert the United States ahead of time if it decided to take military action against Iran. General Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, also acknowledged differences맨CAMP ECHO, Iraq (Reuters) - Camp Echo\u0027s dusty motorpools are empty, its private contract caterers have long gone home and murals depicting the September 11, 2001 attacks on New York\u0027s twin towers have been painted over. One of the last seven U.S. military bases in Iraq, Echo is in rapid handover to Iraqi hands as American맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks surged on Wednesday after major central banks agreed to make cheaper dollar loans for struggling European banks to prevent the euro-zone debt woes from turning into a full-blown credit crisis. The Dow posted its best day since March 2009 after the Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - Companies created the most jobs in nearly a year in November, adding to cautious optimism that the country\u0027s battered labor market is working its way toward healing. Better-than-expected housing and regional factory data released on Wednesday reinforced the view that the economy should avoid recession,맨TEHRAN (Reuters) - Britain shut Iran\u0027s embassy in London and expelled all its staff on Wednesday, saying the storming of the British mission in Tehran could not have taken place without consent from Iranian authorities. Foreign Secretary William Hague also said the British Embassy in Tehran had been closed and all staff맨Teach somebody else something about photography. About this blog먙Can the Obama coalition survive Romney? More먙A dwindling coalition?What Hillary Clinton will see in Burma. More먙The road to NaypyidawGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsBay Area Firefighters Eye High Winds For맨 2:10SF May Take Back Plaza After Occupy Rejects맨 2:20High Winds Raise Fire, Power Outages Fea맨 1:35Fog, Wind Present Challenges For Bay Area맨 1:58No Smiling at Baby GorillasRaw Video: Ecuador Volcano Prompts EvacuationsOccupy protesters break into UK officeSydney NYE is all AustralianH 64L 49FairH 18L 9FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Pakistan releases NATO attack photosArrests at Occupy L.A.Agents speak out against \u0027J. Edgar\u0027Scientists see black hole devouring starBlind man creates visionary artKiller whale gets new home","h2":"Yahoo! News1st Penn State abuse suit comes from new accuserKanye gets 7 Grammy noms; Adele, Mars, Foos get 6Obama: \u0027Massive blow\u0027 if GOP blocks payroll taxSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Teach someone somethingMike Huckabee won뇺 endorse before Iowa됴nd maybe not at allMeghan McCain conducts first interview for MSNBC with Michele BachmannDoes Herman Cain think the Arab Spring is a bad thing?A dwindling coalition?The road to NaypyidawBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 1 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 1 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN12010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":23,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
