{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican and Democratic lawmakers were locked in an end-of-year fight on Tuesday that threatens a government shutdown, an effective tax hike for 160 million Americans and the loss of benefits for millions of unemployed. With just days left to resolve … More »Lawmakers in showdown over payroll tax cutsWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve on Tuesday warned that turmoil in Europe presents … More »Fed sees risks from Europe, some improvement in U.S.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The regulatory arm of CME Group has turned over interviews to … More »MF\u0027s Corzine said to know of customer fund misuseAMMAN (Reuters) - Security forces shot dead 17 people in Syria on Tuesday and rebels killed seven police in an ambush, activists said, after the U.N. human rights chief put the death toll from nine months of protest against … More »Syria death toll hits 5,000 as insurgency spreadsAMMAN (Reuters) - Security forces shot dead 17 people in Syria on Tuesday and rebels killed seven police in an ambush, activists said, after the U.N. human rights chief put the death toll from nine months of protest against President Bashar al-Assad at 5,000. The bloodshed in the northern province of Idlib, which borders …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill that would keep the U.S. government operating beyond the weekend appeared in trouble on Tuesday as lawmakers bickered over whether they had resolved policy issues such as abortion funding and … More »Spending bill in jeopardy as lawmakers bickerWASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill that would keep the U.S. government operating beyond the weekend appeared in trouble on Tuesday as lawmakers bickered over whether they had resolved policy issues such as abortion funding and travel to Cuba. The bill has been caught up in a year-end fight between Republicans and Democrats over …STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Up to 26 European Union countries will finalize a pact to enforce budget discipline more strictly in the euro zone by March, a top official said on Tuesday, as the bloc tries to move quickly … More »EU, without Britain, moves towards fiscal dealSTRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Up to 26 European Union countries will finalize a pact to enforce budget discipline more strictly in the euro zone by March, a top official said on Tuesday, as the bloc tries to move quickly to rebuild confidence but without Britain\u0027s backing. European Council President Herman Van Rompuy expressed …LIEGE, Belgium (Reuters) - A lone gunman brought carnage to the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, spraying bullets at Christmas shoppers and hurling a grenade at people waiting for a bus, killing four people including a girl … More »Gunman turns Belgian Christmas market into bloodbathLIEGE, Belgium (Reuters) - A lone gunman brought carnage to the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, spraying bullets at Christmas shoppers and hurling a grenade at people waiting for a bus, killing four people including a girl of 17 months before shooting himself dead. The attack, in which another 125 people were wounded, …HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba has detained top executives of the powerful military-run Tecnotex company, broadening a corruption investigation that has already shuttered three foreign firms, foreign business sources told Reuters. Tecnotex is one of the most important trading companies on the Communist-run island, purchasing equipment, …BELLEFONTE, Pa (Reuters) - Former Penn State University assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky on Tuesday abruptly waived his right to a preliminary hearing on child sex abuse charges, meaning his case will go straight to trial. No date has been set for a trial, which could be several months or even over a year away. The …GENEVA (Reuters) - International scientists said on Tuesday they had found signs of the Higgs boson, an elementary sub-atomic particle believed to have played a vital role in the creation of the universe after the Big Bang. Peter Higgs, the 82-year-old British theoretical physicist who first proposed the existence of the …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An MF Global employee told regulators that former chief Jon Corzine knew that the now-bankrupt brokerage firm used customer money to lend to a European affiliate, a CME Group executive said on Tuesday. CME Executive Chairman Terrence Duffy said his company has provided this information to the Justice …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve on Tuesday pointed to turmoil in Europe as a big risk to the U.S. economy, leaving the door open to a further easing of monetary policy even as it noted some improvement in the U.S. labor market. The central bank characterized the U.S. economy as expanding moderately despite an …LIEGE, Belgium (Reuters) - A man hurled grenades at a bus stop in the Belgian city of Liege and sprayed gunfire at crowds of Christmas shoppers and children on Tuesday, killing three people and wounding 123 before fatally shooting himself in the head. It was not clear what his motive was, but Belgian officials said there …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led House of Representatives defied a White House veto threat on Tuesday and passed a bill to expedite approval of the Keystone XL Canada-to-Texas pipeline project. The provision was part of a broader bill to extend a payroll tax cut for 160 million Americans. Democrats oppose Republicans\u0027 …(Reuters) - Three former executives of Washington Mutual Inc agreed to a $64 million settlement to resolve a government lawsuit over their role in the biggest bank failure in U.S. history. The settlement, announced by Federal Deposit Insurance Corp officials on Tuesday, is part of efforts by the agency to sue former banking …Defiant Republicans pushed legislation through the House Tuesday night that would keep alive Social Security payroll tax cuts for some 160 million Americans at President Barack Obama\u0027s request — but also would require construction of a Canada-to-Texas oil pipeline that has sparked a White House veto threat.Texting, emailing or chatting on a cellphone while driving is simply too dangerous to be allowed, federal safety investigators declared Tuesday, urging all states to impose total bans except for emergencies.Summoned for questioning by Belgian police, a man with a history of weapons and drug offenses left home armed with hand grenades, a revolver and an assault rifle. Stopping at a central square filled with holiday shoppers, he lobbed three grenades into the crowd, then opened fire.Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky stunned a packed courtroom and backed out of a preliminary hearing at the last minute Tuesday, avoiding a face-to-face confrontation with accusers who his lawyer said were just trying to cash in by making up stories of child sex abuse.Mitt Romney is forced to defend his opposition to same-sex marriage. Newt Gingrich endorses a pledge to be faithful to his wife. Rick Perry runs an ad noting he\u0027s against gays serving openly in the military, and abortion may take center stage Wednesday.Jesus, Mary, Joseph and the three wise men have been ousted by atheists.How a non-beach person spends time in Hawaii. About this blog »Could Obama be headed for a landslide? More »Michael Tomasky‘Tantalizing hints’ of Higgs Boson seen by CERN physicists. More »The ‘God Particle’Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsVolunteers Buy $50,000 In Toys For Disadvantaged … 1:59Debate Grows Over Plan To Extend Bay Bridge … 1:59Port Of Oakland Resumes Business After Occupy … 1:14Police Chase In Richmond Leaves Woman Trapped … 0:25Attack in Belgian city leaves 5 dead, 122 hurtHomeless Children Picture Brighter FuturesStay-at-Home Dads IncreaseGingrich, Romney Spouses in the SpotlightH 58°L 44°Partly CloudyH 14°L 7°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Attack in BelgiumMoon gamesDiscuss phones and driving on FacebookHow to grow a salad in your windowWho Knew?: Most popular toysTop 10 Lists of 2011","h2":"Yahoo! NewsLawmakers in showdown over payroll tax cutsFed sees risks from Europe, some improvement in U.S.MF\u0027s Corzine said to know of customer fund misuseSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Amanpour out, Stephanopoulos back in at ABC’s ‘This Week’Rick Perry has some suggestions for you. Several, actually.New Stratolaunch plane will take people into Earth’s orbitThe best views in HawaiiMichael TomaskyThe ‘God Particle’Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 14 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 14 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN142010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":34,"second":30},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
