{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"If this didn\u0027t work for you see detailed instructionsClose this windowJust because Joe Paterno is gone doesn\u0027t mean the child sex abuse scandal at Penn State is over. The Nittany Lions started life without the 84-year-old Paterno on Thursday, introducing interim coach Tom Bradley while the board of trustees was just beginning its formal i … More »Paterno gone, but questions at Penn State remainMitt Romney chugged ahead Thursday as the conservative-fueled drive to deny him the Republican … More »As Cain, Perry scramble, Gingrich seeks an openingRepublican presidential hopeful Rick Perry tried Thursday to convince the country he … More »Perry tries to josh his way past debate blunderLOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Oscar organizers on Thursday brought back funnyman Billy Crystal to host the film awards after recent days of turmoil that led to the departure of one producer and his handpicked emcee Eddie Murph … More »Oscars bring back Billy CrystalLOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Oscar organizers on Thursday brought back funnyman Billy Crystal to host the film awards after recent days of turmoil that led to the departure of one producer and his handpicked emcee Eddie Murphy.When Joe Paterno, the ousted Penn State football coach, was confronted with a possible case of child rape, he notified his bosses rather than call the police or the child-abuse hotline. That was all Pennsylvania law required … More »PSU scandal stirs debate over abuse lawsWhen Joe Paterno, the ousted Penn State football coach, was confronted with a possible case of child rape, he notified his bosses rather than call the police or the child-abuse hotline. That was all Pennsylvania law required him to do, yet in most other states the failure to call could be a crime.    While Colonel Sanders’ most famous recipe remains a secret, the man behind the chicken may soon be revealed after his “food autobiography” was discovered by a KFC employee. The 200-page manuscript was discovered after … More »Colonel Sanders’ Secret Manuscript Revealed    While Colonel Sanders’ most famous recipe remains a secret, the man behind the chicken may soon be revealed after his “food autobiography” was discovered by a KFC employee. The 200-page manuscript was discovered after 40 years in the company’s historical archives in Louisville,...Every day brings new fear from Europe. First, it\u0027s the threat of a default by Greece. Then it\u0027s the Italian government on the verge of collapse. Next, it could be Portugal and Spain. Markets worldwide respond with massive … More »What\u0027s next for Europe?Every day brings new fear from Europe. First, it\u0027s the threat of a default by Greece. Then it\u0027s the Italian government on the verge of collapse. Next, it could be Portugal and Spain. Markets worldwide respond with massive selloffs. Already, it has cost Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou his job and a similar outcome …A growing number of Republicans believe Mitt Romney will win the GOP presidential nomination, according to a new Gallup poll. Asked to name which candidate will win the nomination \"regardless of who you support,\" 45 percent … More »Poll: 45 percent of Republicans say Romney will be nomineeA growing number of Republicans believe Mitt Romney will win the GOP presidential nomination, according to a new Gallup poll. Asked to name which candidate will win the nomination \"regardless of who you support,\" 45 percent of likely Republican primary voters surveyed picked Romney, according to Gallup. Romney\u0027s total surpassed …Rick Perry\u0027s excruciating brain freeze as he tried to remember which government department he wants to eliminate was clearly the YouTube moment of last night\u0027s debate. But lost in the hilarity was the question of what Perry\u0027s plan would actually mean. Perry said he wants to scrap the federal Departments of Commerce, Education, …Putting a traditional turkey dinner on the table is going to be pricier this Thanksgiving.The latest debate among Republican candidates for president was a tame affair that produced few factual claims needing correction. Candidates stuck mostly to promises and expressions of their conservative faith in free markets, and their disdain for government.Eighty-three victims and family members in the worst-ever mass shooting at a U.S. military installation are seeking $750 million in compensation from the Army, alleging that willful negligence enabled psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Hasan to carry out a terrorist attack at Fort Hood, Texas.Ashton Kutcher--one of the most followed people on Twitter--announced on Thursday that he is taking an indefinite hiatus from personally tweeting from his account after a backlash over a comment he made in support of Penn State coach Joe Paterno. On Wednesday night, Kutcher wrote to his 8 million-plus followers: How do …Jordanian immigrants take Communion at an Arabic-language Mass in Albuquerque. Lebanese-Americans help raise nearly $2 million for major improvements to a West Virginia church. Iraqi refugees who practice an ancient religion that views John the Baptist as their teacher hold baptisms in a Massachusetts pond popular for rowing …Ratings agency Standard and Poor\u0027s said Thursday that it had mistakenly announced to some clients a downgrade of France\u0027s top \"AAA\" credit rating, amid speculation of just such a move.(Reuters) - A 35-year-old man was shot and wounded at a protest encampment in a downtown park in Burlington, Vermont, on Thursday, and authorities were investigating the circumstances, officials said.Perhaps no other White House aide is closer to President Obama than Reggie Love, a 30-year-old former Duke football and basketball star who has worked for the president since his days in the Senate. As the Obama\u0027s personal assistant, Love has been a constant presence at Obama\u0027s side, never more than a few feet away [.. …LONDON (Reuters) - A wedding album which went missing when a caravan was stolen in Northern Ireland 17 years ago has mysteriously reappeared at the home of its owners.Officials at the Grand Canyon abruptly abandoned plans to ban the sale of plastic water bottles at the Arizona national park after conversations with Coca-Cola officials, The New York Times reported Thursday.Doused in Bleach and Left for Dead, Linda Tillman Helped Bring a Murderer to JusticeMichele Bachmann was forced off stage at a speech in South Carolina Thursday after a group of Occupy Charleston protesters swarmed the event and began shouting down the congresswoman. The protest occurred as Bachmann was delivering a foreign policy speech aboard the USS Yorktown in Charleston. \"This will only take a minute,\" …Recently mired in scandal over past allegations of sexual harassment, Herman Cain celebrates reaching his latest fundraising goal: The website has since removed the image, but we know that Cain was proud of it. Cain announced Thursday that the campaign had raised $9.4 million since October 1st. (Via Ben Smith) More popular …The Western Black Rhino of Africa has been declared officially extinct, and two other subspecies of rhinoceros are close to meeting the same fate, a leading conservation group said Thursday.The race is on to make your computer a conversational buddy. Amazon recently bought a voice-recognition company appropriately named Yap, in an apparent effort to shore up its competitive position against Apple\u0027s new intelligent voice agent Siri.The US space agency is getting ready to launch later this month the biggest, most expensive robotic vehicle ever built to explore Mars for signs of previous life there, NASA said Thursday.How to appear cooler on Facebook than you really are. About this blog »Why the Right hates Mitt Romney and his 2012 presidential bid. More »Lack of anger and indignationCan Rick Perry recover? More »‘Oops,’ he did it againGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsShots Fired Near Occupy Oakland Encampme … 1:25PG\u0026 E Wants Pipeline To Remain Beneath Mountain … 2:244 Dead In Apparent Pittsburg Murder-Suic … 0:48Thursday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:32Secret Nixon Tapes Made PublicPerry\u0027s \u0027Oops\u0027: Science Behind Brain FreezeWilson Ramos KidnappedItaly Debt Solution: Landmarks for SaleH 66°L 52°Partly CloudyH 19°L 11°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Mars volcanoGOP presidential debateSoldier retraces steps of dead brotherPSU trustees fire PaternoOpinion: Perry\u0027s meltdownVictoria\u0027s Secret Fashion Show","h2":"Yahoo! NewsPaterno gone, but questions at Penn State remainAs Cain, Perry scramble, Gingrich seeks an openingPerry tries to josh his way past debate blunderSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your Friends\u0027 ActivityMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Being awesome on the WebA sneak peek of Rick Perry’s appearance on LettermanSlate hires Matthew Yglesias after dismissing his writing on TwitterRick Perry wants to scrap three government departments. What would that mean?Lack of anger and indignation‘Oops,’ he did it againBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 11 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 11 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC112010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":47,"second":25},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
