{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.DANDONG, China/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea was in seclusion on Tuesday, a day after it announced the death of its leader Kim Jong-il, as concern mounted over what would happen next in the deeply secretive nation that is trying to build a nuclear arsenal. While Secretary … More »In mourning, hermit kingdom North Korea seals itself(Reuters) - AT\u0026T has dropped its controversial $39 billion bid for Deutsche Telekom\u0027s … More »AT\u0026T gives up on $39 billion bid for T-Mobile USA(Reuters) - Olympus Corp is preparing to issue about $1.28 billion (100 billion yen) … More »Olympus aims to tap Sony, others for $1.3 billion in new capitalTAIPEI (Reuters) - Apple Inc scored a narrow victory against Taiwan\u0027s HTC Corp in a patent lawsuit over smartphone technology that will set the stage for further battles between rival makers in the fiercely competitive market. … More »Apple scores limited victory in smartphone patent warTAIPEI (Reuters) - Apple Inc scored a narrow victory against Taiwan\u0027s HTC Corp in a patent lawsuit over smartphone technology that will set the stage for further battles between rival makers in the fiercely competitive market. In a case seen as a proxy for a larger fight between Google Inc\u0027s Android operating system and …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led House of Representatives will set the stage on Tuesday for a showdown with Senate Democrats over a payroll tax cut extension that is becoming a proxy for 2012 election year battles. … More »House Republicans push for new payroll tax cut talksWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led House of Representatives will set the stage on Tuesday for a showdown with Senate Democrats over a payroll tax cut extension that is becoming a proxy for 2012 election year battles. The tax legislation has become the latest in a string of battles in Congress this year, all of which …BRUSSELS/LONDON (Reuters) - Euro zone ministers agreed on Monday to boost IMF resources by 150 billion euros to ward off the debt crisis and won support for more money from EU allies, but it was unclear if the bloc would … More »Euro zone IMF loan target in danger as UK declines helpBRUSSELS/LONDON (Reuters) - Euro zone ministers agreed on Monday to boost IMF resources by 150 billion euros to ward off the debt crisis and won support for more money from EU allies, but it was unclear if the bloc would reach its 200 billion euro target after Britain bowed out. Following a three-hour conference call, European …TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan picked Lockheed Martin\u0027s F-35 jet as its next mainstay fighter Tuesday, choosing the aircraft over combat-proven but less stealthy rivals, as concern simmers over North Korea and as China introduces … More »Japan picks Lockheed F-35 fighter as allies stress tight tiesTOKYO (Reuters) - Japan picked Lockheed Martin\u0027s F-35 jet as its next mainstay fighter Tuesday, choosing the aircraft over combat-proven but less stealthy rivals, as concern simmers over North Korea and as China introduces its own stealth fighters. The decision came as Japan and the United States stressed that their security …FORT MEADE, MD (Reuters) - Military prosecutors sought to link U.S. Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning directly to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on Monday at a hearing to determine whether Manning will be court-martialled … More »Prosecutors link Manning to WikiLeaks\u0027 AssangeFORT MEADE, MD (Reuters) - Military prosecutors sought to link U.S. Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning directly to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on Monday at a hearing to determine whether Manning will be court-martialled in the biggest leak of classified documents in American history. Computer forensic investigators …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi authorities issued an arrest warrant for Sunni Muslim Vice-President Tareq al-Hashemi on Monday for suspected ties to assassinations and bombings, a decision likely to fuel sectarian tensions after the U.S. troop withdrawal. The move risks unraveling Iraq\u0027s fragile power-sharing deal among Shi\u0027ite, …LIMA (Reuters) - Lori Berenson, a New Yorker who spent 15 years in Peruvian prisons for aiding Marxist insurgents, boarded a plane late on Monday for her first trip home since her 1995 arrest, officials said. Berenson, 42, the mother of a 2-year-old boy, was paroled last year after serving 15 years of a 20-year sentence. …DAVENPORT, Iowa (Reuters) - Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich\u0027s status as the front runner for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination is fading after weeks of attacks by rivals and intense media scrutiny of his political record and personality. Gingrich acknowledged that negative advertisements …SEOUL (Reuters) - North Koreans poured into the streets on Monday to mourn the death of leader Kim Jong-il and state media hailed his untested son as the \"Great Successor\" of the reclusive state whose atomic weapons ambitions are a major threat to the region. Earlier, a tearful North Korean television announcer, dressed …(Reuters) - More than 100 people have been killed in Syria, rights activists said, as the Arab League announced an advance party would be sent to the country this week to pave the way for monitors who will try to help end nine months of violence. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Monday that more than 60 army …HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Coast Guard was investigating a 13,000-gallon spill from an oil rig leased to Shell, operating about 26 miles southeast of last year\u0027s BP Plc Macondo oil well disaster, a Coast Guard spokesman said on Monday. The spill of either drilling fluid or oil mixed with drilling fluid was reported Sunday …(Reuters) - AT\u0026T has dropped its controversial $39 billion bid for Deutsche Telekom\u0027s wireless U.S. unit, bowing to regulatory opposition over the deal that would have made it the largest cellphone operator in the country. AT\u0026T had said it urgently needed to buy T-Mobile USA to help overcome a spectrum shortage, while Deutsche …The body of North Korea\u0027s long-time ruler Kim Jong Il was laid out in a glass coffin Tuesday as weeping mourners filled public plazas and state media fed a budding personality cult around his third son, hailing him as \"born of heaven.\"Partisan to the core, Congress careened toward a holiday-season standoff Monday on legislation to prevent a Social Security payroll tax increase for 160 million workers on Jan. 1.More than $1 million in negative advertising — much of it bankrolled by Mitt Romney\u0027s allies — has eroded Newt Gingrich\u0027s standing in Iowa and thrown the Republican presidential race here wide open two weeks before the first votes.Iraq\u0027s Shiite-led government issued an arrest warrant Monday for the Sunni vice president, accusing him of running a hit squad that assassinated government and security officials — extraordinary charges a day after the last U.S. troops left the country.North Korea\u0027s heir apparent Kim Jong Un has swiftly risen to power since being made a four-star general a year ago, but he is even more of an enigma than his late father was during 17 years of absolute power.8 common myths about flying with kids. About this blog »Begin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Jitters in Northeast Asia. More »Kim\u0027s deathGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsMinivan Crashes Into Rodeo Church 0:25Monday Forecast With Elizabeth Wenger 1:39Occupy Protesters Return To San Jose City … 1:50Bay Area National Guard Troops Return Home … 1:10North Koreans mourn Kim\u0027s death13 asylum seekers rescuedRaw Video: Kim Jong Il lying in stateBatsmen find form at batting campH 60°L 42°FairH 16°L 6°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Philippines flooding: How to helpEgyptian police open fire on protestersDiscuss \u0027Sister Wives\u0027 case on FacebookMatch-O-Matic: Who\u0027s your best match?North Korea mourns Kim Jong IlMemorable photos 2011","h2":"Yahoo! NewsIn mourning, hermit kingdom North Korea seals itselfAT\u0026T gives up on $39 billion bid for T-Mobile USAOlympus aims to tap Sony, others for $1.3 billion in new capitalSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Why the media insists on publishing year-end lists before the year’s endVideo: Puppies tear open Christmas presentsPolice in Texas town giving out gift cards for good drivingFlying with kidsDestination 2012Kim\u0027s deathBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 20 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 20 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN202010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":9,"minute":3,"second":26},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
