{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and fellow Democrats on Wednesday signaled a willingness to drop a proposed surtax on millionaires, but remained at odds with Republicans in efforts to extend an expiring payroll tax cut for 160 million Americans. Obama discussed … More »Democrats mull dropping millionaire surtaxBEIJING/WASHINGTON - (Reuters) - China will impose punitive duties of up to 22 percent … More »China says will hit U.S. auto imports with dutiesPARIS (Reuters) - A downgrade of France\u0027s AAA credit rating would not be justified and … More »ECB\u0027s Noyer says French downgrade \"not justified\"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Republican senators on Wednesday the Fed can\u0027t and won\u0027t provide bailout funds to support European banks or nations, lawmakers said. \"We\u0027re all concerned, … More »Fed won\u0027t bail Europe out, Bernanke tells lawmakersWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Republican senators on Wednesday the Fed can\u0027t and won\u0027t provide bailout funds to support European banks or nations, lawmakers said. \"We\u0027re all concerned, is the American taxpayer going to be bailing out European nations and banks,\" Senator Lindsey Graham …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - \"Three days after U.S. tanks rolled into Baghdad in April 2003, I had my first encounter with an American marine. I opened my door to find him crouched on the street and holding a pump action shot gun. … More »Witness: Reflecting on Iraq as U.S. troops withdrawBAGHDAD (Reuters) - \"Three days after U.S. tanks rolled into Baghdad in April 2003, I had my first encounter with an American marine. I opened my door to find him crouched on the street and holding a pump action shot gun. He wore full combat gear, with knee pads and a heavy pack. I couldn\u0027t see his eyes through his black …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court\u0027s promised ruling next year on Arizona\u0027s immigration crackdown could turn on how much a state can intrude on federal government enforcement powers. The country\u0027s highest court agreed … More »Analysis: Supreme Court immigration case a federal-state testWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court\u0027s promised ruling next year on Arizona\u0027s immigration crackdown could turn on how much a state can intrude on federal government enforcement powers. The country\u0027s highest court agreed on Monday to decide whether federal immigration laws take precedence and so preempt Arizona\u0027s law …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Regulators now have a more complete picture of money transfers in the final days of bankrupt brokerage MF Global, but must sort out which transactions were legitimate before more money can be released … More »Exclusive: Regulators know where MF Global funds wentWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Regulators now have a more complete picture of money transfers in the final days of bankrupt brokerage MF Global, but must sort out which transactions were legitimate before more money can be released to customers, a top official told Reuters on Wednesday. Jill Sommers, who is heading the Commodity …AMHERST, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Ron Paul declared on Wednesday his campaign was \"peaking at the right time\" as polls show him closing in on the two perceived front-runners. The libertarian congressman from Texas with a passionate core of followers complained that pundits were dismissing …NEW YORK (Reuters) - \"We generate substantially all of our revenue and players through the Facebook platform and expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future,\" Zynga wrote in its IPO prospectus. Technically, the admission is called a risk factor. But since Zynga, the wildly popular maker of mobile and social games …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian troops swept into the city of Hama to break a three-day strike by opponents of President Bashar al-Assad, killing at least 10 people but running into resistance from armed insurgents who destroyed two armored vehicles, activists said. Outside Hama, army deserters attacked a convoy of military jeeps, …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Nearly nine years after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq ousted Saddam Hussein, American troops are pulling out and leaving behind a country still battling insurgents, political uncertainty and sectarian divisions. Nearly 4,500 U.S. soldiers and tens of thousands of Iraqis lost their lives in a war that …BERLIN/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany\u0027s chancellor and central banker urged Europe to stick to stricter budget discipline and forget about one-shot solutions after financial markets judged that another EU summit had failed to resolve the euro zone\u0027s debt crisis. Chancellor Angela Merkel and Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann, …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and fellow Democrats are considering dropping a surtax on millionaires to pay for a payroll tax cut for U.S. workers, a move that would remove a major stumbling block to a compromise deal with Republicans. Obama discussed the possibility of abandoning the millionaire tax, which …NEW YORK (Reuters) - \"We generate substantially all of our revenue and players through the Facebook platform and expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future,\" Zynga wrote in its IPO prospectus. Technically, the admission is called a risk factor. But since Zynga, the wildly popular maker of mobile and social games …FORT BRAGG, North Carolina (Reuters) - President Barack Obama welcomed home some of the last U.S. troops from Iraq on Wednesday, marking a symbolic end to the nearly nine-year war that strained America\u0027s armed forces and damaged its standing worldwide. Addressing soldiers at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, home of the 82nd …Democrats backed away from their demand for higher taxes on millionaires as part of legislation to extend Social Security tax cuts for most Americans on Wednesday as Congress struggled to clear critical year-end bills without triggering a partial government shutdown.His attacks growing ever more personal, Mitt Romney on Wednesday questioned chief rival Newt Gingrich\u0027s temperament, spending habits and allegiance to both the GOP and the middle class while hecklers confronted Gingrich in the lead-off caucus state.Junior Woods has a well-practiced routine for conducting business on the road: While driving throughout rural Arkansas, the electronics salesman steals a glance at his cellphone every so often, checking for text messages and emails.The fallout from the death of a Florida A\u0026M University drum major broadened Wednesday to nearly two dozen high schools in Georgia, where marching band activities were suspended over concerns of \"inappropriate physical activity\" between band mates.Republican presidential candidates have claimed that the Obama administration is cleansing government files of references to radical Islam, an assertion so juicy that politicians keep repeating it — even though it\u0027s a wild exaggeration.President Barack Obama on Wednesday saluted troops returning from Iraq, asserting that the nearly nine-year conflict was ending honorably, \"not with a final battle, but with a final march toward home.\"How a non-beach person spends time in Hawaii. About this blog »Twin boys, one transgender, become brother and sister. More »Good Morning AmericaGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsThe protester. More »TIME\u0027s Person of the YearUC Berkeley Launches Middle-Class Financial … 2:11Suspect Shot Gun Battle With San Francisco … 2:00Wednesday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:45Santa Clara Inmates Build Toys For Disadvantaged … 2:00Bville home displays music-synced light showSouth Australia afternoon updateMichael Jackson\u0027s Daughter Speaks OutChristmas Toys \u0027Made in America\u0027H 56°L 47°Mostly CloudyH 13°L 8°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"South Pole centennialOutrageous animal picsDiscuss low marriage rate on Facebook2011\u0027s Most Fascinating PeopleWho Knew?: Odd holiday traditionsHow to grow a salad in your window","h2":"Yahoo! NewsDemocrats mull dropping millionaire surtaxChina says will hit U.S. auto imports with dutiesECB\u0027s Noyer says French downgrade \"not justified\"San Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"CEO pay shoots back upFox News’ Neil Cavuto on moderating first GOP debate: Get them off their talking pointsVideo: Baby seal takes a nap on a couchThe best views in HawaiiGood Morning AmericaBreaking News from ABC NewsTIME\u0027s Person of the YearEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 15 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 15 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN152010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":1,"second":45},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
