{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama signed into law a two-month payroll tax cut extension on Friday, capping a year of fierce partisan combat over taxes and spending that will resume in January and play heavily in the 2012 elections. The Senate and the House of … More »Congress punts hard payroll tax work to 2012BEIRUT (Reuters) - World powers argued about the details of a U.N. resolution on Syria, … More »New U.N. draft resolution on Syria: bombs hit capitalWASHINGTON (Reuters) - A direct-mail solicitation for Ron Paul\u0027s political and investment … More »In ad for newsletter, Ron Paul forecast \"race war\"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Consumer spending was tepid in November and a gauge of business investment fell for a second straight month, suggesting the economy lost some of its recent momentum. Some analysts trimmed fourth-quarter … More »Consumer, business spending point to slower growthWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Consumer spending was tepid in November and a gauge of business investment fell for a second straight month, suggesting the economy lost some of its recent momentum. Some analysts trimmed fourth-quarter growth forecasts after the weak consumption and factory data on Friday. But many still expected …SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea appears to be making an orderly transition after the death of leader Kim Jong-il last week, but the risk of collapse is higher than before and regional powers need to start discussing that contingency … More »Analysis: What\u0027s the plan if North Korea collapses?SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea appears to be making an orderly transition after the death of leader Kim Jong-il last week, but the risk of collapse is higher than before and regional powers need to start discussing that contingency with China, diplomats and analysts say. The problem is China refuses to contemplate any unraveling …(Foreign journalists are not allowed in Homs, the city at the centre of Syria\u0027s uprising. A translator born in the city returned for three days last week. This piece is based on his account, relayed to a Reuters correspondent … More »Insight: Trenches and fear divide heart of Syria protest(Foreign journalists are not allowed in Homs, the city at the centre of Syria\u0027s uprising. A translator born in the city returned for three days last week. This piece is based on his account, relayed to a Reuters correspondent well known to him. Please note strong language in 12th paragraph) (Reuters) - When anti-government …ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan\u0027s powerful military pledged on Friday to continue supporting democracy, reiterating it was not planning a takeover as tensions grew over a controversial memo alleging an army plot to seize power. … More »Pakistan army chief says coup fears \"speculation\"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan\u0027s powerful military pledged on Friday to continue supporting democracy, reiterating it was not planning a takeover as tensions grew over a controversial memo alleging an army plot to seize power. At the same time, President Asif Ali Zardari\u0027s spokesman said the president had resumed duties …PARIS (Reuters) - The French government urged 30,000 women in France on Friday to seek removal of defective breast implants that a now-defunct company exported worldwide but it said there was no evidence that the product … More »France recommends removal of suspect breast implantsPARIS (Reuters) - The French government urged 30,000 women in France on Friday to seek removal of defective breast implants that a now-defunct company exported worldwide but it said there was no evidence that the product raised the risk of cancer. The government said public healthcare funds would be used to finance the …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia successfully tested on Friday its two new Bulava intercontinental missiles, which experienced several failures in the past. The Defence Ministry said the 12-meter-long Bulava, or Mace, which Moscow aims to make the cornerstone of its nuclear arsenal, was fired from a submarine in the Arctic White …MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Investors frustrated with years of gridlock on economic reforms in Mexico now believe the best chance for progress lies with the party that has done most to prevent change over the last decade. Enrique Pena Nieto of the opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, has a commanding poll ahead …WASHINGTON/PARIS (Reuters) - Western militaries are experimenting with having future drone pilots command up to four aircraft at once, adding new potential challenges even as a top-secret U.S. drone\u0027s crash in Iran exposed the risks of flying unmanned aircraft thousands of miles away. The initiative could help satisfy feverish …TRIPOLI/BENGHAZI (Reuters) - The mood was almost merry outside Prime Minister Abdurrahim El-Keib\u0027s Tripoli office. Under a weak winter sun, teenagers in flip-flops scaled palm trees above a crowd that sang and danced to the beat of a drum. But their message was serious. \"If you don\u0027t have dinars, give us dollars!\" they …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Up to 1 million Russians are ready to take to the streets to protest against a disputed election and Vladimir Putin\u0027s \"corrupt regime\" is unlikely to hold on to power for more than two years, protest leader Alexei Navalny said on Friday. Navalny, an anti-corruption blogger who has emerged a leading light …BERLIN, New Hampshire (Reuters) - A more confident and energized Mitt Romney is putting his people skills to the test in New Hampshire as he tries to fix a likeability issue that hurt his failed bid for the White House in 2008. The Republican presidential hopeful is shaking hands, signing autographs and pumping diesel in …DUBAI (Reuters) - A U.S. drone attack killed a relative of al Qaeda\u0027s leader in Yemen in one of the group\u0027s strongholds in the strife-torn country, a security source said. The drone struck a district in the southern town of Zinjibar on Thursday evening, killing at least one man called Abdulrahman al-Wuhayshi, residents …Scuffles broke out and police were brought in to quell unrest that nearly turned into riots across the nation Friday following the release of Nike\u0027s new Air Jordan basketball shoes — a retro model of one of the most popular Air Jordans ever made.Barely beating Santa\u0027s sleigh, Congress delivered a last-minute holiday tax-cut extension to 160 million American wage-earners on Friday, just when it looked like they and millions of unemployed workers were going to be left with coal in their stockings.On a political high, President Barack Obama capped a bruising year by securing a tax cut for millions of Americans — an achievement that overshadowed Washington\u0027s deepening dysfunction and the slow progress of the economy on his watch.Two car bombers blew themselves up Friday outside the heavily guarded compounds of Syria\u0027s intelligence agencies, killing at least 44 people and wounding dozens more in a brazen attack on the powerful security directorates, authorities said.An American government subcontractor jailed in Cuba for crimes against the state is not among nearly 3,000 prisoners granted amnesty by President Raul Castro on Friday, said a senior Foreign Ministry official.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsKim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More »\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Kit Gingrich and Newt\u0027s difficult childhood. More »Newt Gingrich’s bipolar motherFriday Morning Pinpoint Forecast With Elizabeth … 2:00Bay Area Sutter Nurses Hold 1-Day Strike 1:26Occupy Berkeley Protesters Remain Despite … 2:10Last Minute Shoppers Add To Strong Holiday … 2:197-Year-Old Lancaster Girl Receiving Big Christmas SurpriseNewt Gingrich\u0027s Holiday Campaign PushStorms Affect Holiday TravelCan Last-Minute Christmas Shopping Help Economy?H 56°L 40°Mostly CloudyH 13°L 4°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Twin suicide bombings in SyriaShare your memories using #YearInReviewShare this story: Elvis and the nunSnapshots of the WeekAwkward holiday photosThe mystery of Christmas colors","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedCongress punts hard payroll tax work to 2012New U.N. draft resolution on Syria: bombs hit capitalIn ad for newsletter, Ron Paul forecast \"race war\"San Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"To browse through all your news faster, try News Reader!What the TV ads in Iowa tell us about the 2012 Republican candidates: Gone in 30 secondsIs Kim Jong-Il’s ghost controlling the weather?Newt Gingrich aims to win the GOP nomination with animal photosBreaking News from ABC News\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Newt Gingrich’s bipolar motherEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 24 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 24 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN242010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":22,"second":30},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
