{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.(Reuters) - Arab monitors head to three more Syrian cities on Thursday to check if government forces are complying with a peace plan after a delegation to Homs, center of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, was mobbed by a protesters demanding protection. The맨 More먙Arab observers fan out across Syria(Reuters) - Alibaba Group has hired a Washington lobbying firm, in a sign that the Chinese맨 More먙Alibaba hires U.S. lobbying firm as it eyes Yahoo(Reuters) - Retail sales look poised for a solid finish to the holiday season as warm맨 More먙Retail sales resilient in final holiday stretchNEW YORK (Reuters) - Confidential whistleblower documents that helped spark a massive state and federal investigation into how Bank of New York Mellon Corp charged pension funds for currency exchange, provide a rare window맨 More먙Whistleblower documents illuminate case against BNY MellonNEW YORK (Reuters) - Confidential whistleblower documents that helped spark a massive state and federal investigation into how Bank of New York Mellon Corp charged pension funds for currency exchange, provide a rare window into how a bank insider aided a lawsuit against the bank. The information provided by whistleblower맨DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Iowa\u0027s moderate Republicans are a small and dispirited bunch, but they could provide a vital boost for Mitt Romney in the state\u0027s tight kickoff presidential contest. While the Republican White맨 More먙Iowa\u0027s moderate Republicans: an edge for Romney?DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Iowa\u0027s moderate Republicans are a small and dispirited bunch, but they could provide a vital boost for Mitt Romney in the state\u0027s tight kickoff presidential contest. While the Republican White House contenders battle for the state\u0027s big but badly split bloc of religious conservatives, Iowa\u0027s맨TEHRAN/DUBAI (Reuters) - The U.S. Fifth Fleet said on Wednesday it would not allow any disruption of traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, after Iran threatened to stop ships moving through the world\u0027s most important oil route.맨 More먙U.S. Fifth Fleet says won\u0027t allow Hormuz disruptionTEHRAN/DUBAI (Reuters) - The U.S. Fifth Fleet said on Wednesday it would not allow any disruption of traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, after Iran threatened to stop ships moving through the world\u0027s most important oil route. \"Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside맨NEW YORK (Reuters) - While it may appear that the government\u0027s document-leaking case against U.S. Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning is strong, the defense could have some surprising leverage with prosecutors and force맨 More먙Analysis: Manning\u0027s legal strategy could lead to plea dealNEW YORK (Reuters) - While it may appear that the government\u0027s document-leaking case against U.S. Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning is strong, the defense could have some surprising leverage with prosecutors and force plea negotiations. Prosecutors may in particular find it difficult to prove the 24-year-old Manning맨SEOUL (Reuters) - The world watched anxiously on Wednesday as North Korea staged a huge funeral in the capital, Pyongyang, for former leader Kim Jong-il, searching for signs of what to expect from the isolated nation that맨 More먙Snow and tears mark funeral for North Korean leaderSEOUL (Reuters) - The world watched anxiously on Wednesday as North Korea staged a huge funeral in the capital, Pyongyang, for former leader Kim Jong-il, searching for signs of what to expect from the isolated nation that may be close to attaining nuclear weapons capacity. Bleak pictures from state television showed a funeral맨DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich\u0027s campaign struggled to fend off more bad news on Tuesday after he was quoted supporting main rival Mitt Romney\u0027s healthcare reform in Massachusetts. Gingrich, a former speaker of the House of Representatives, has seen his poll numbers drop in맨PORT HARCOURT/JOS (Reuters) - Assailants threw a homemade bomb into a madrassa in southern Nigeria\u0027s Delta state, police said, wounding seven people and escalating tensions between Muslims and Christians after a spate of church bombings across the nation. Six of the wounded were children younger than nine learning the Koran맨(Reuters) - Alibaba Group has hired Washington lobbying firm Duberstein Group Inc, in a sign that the Chinese company would be willing to make a bid for all of Yahoo Inc if talks for buying back Yahoo\u0027s Asian assets do not succeed. Japan\u0027s Softbank Corp is also listed as an Alibaba affiliate in the lobbying firm\u0027s disclosure.맨(Reuters) - Netflix Inc and Gap Inc were among the worst performers in customer satisfaction among the largest online retailers this holiday season, according to a survey released on Wednesday. Overstock.com Inc came last out of the 40 largest online retailers, with a rating of 72 out of 100, down 4 points from last year,맨LONDON (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse and NYSE Euronext have extended the deadline for completion of their planned merger to March 31 next year as they seek to convince European regulators to back the $9 billion deal. The exchanges, which agreed the merger on February 14, told the Securities and Exchange Commission last week맨NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Children in poor urban neighborhoods need more chances for old-fashioned playtime in their daily lives, says a new report from the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP). A number of experts have raised concerns that children these days have little time for unstructured play -- which, they say,맨BEIJING (Reuters) - China\u0027s economy has surfed for years on a crest of hefty capital inflows, but the tide that brought gains in money supply is turning as global growth slows. Capital has flowed out the past two months. If that persists, the challenge for the People\u0027s Bank of China will be to adjust policies to keep the맨Hundreds of thousands of people are gathering as North Korea begins a memorial for late leader Kim Jong Il.The U.S. strongly warned Iran on Wednesday against closing a vital Persian Gulf waterway that carries one-sixth of the world\u0027s oil supply, after Iran threatened to choke off traffic through the Strait of Hormuz if Washington imposes sanctions targeting the country\u0027s crude exports.Texas Rep. Ron Paul received a welcome befitting a man with a suddenly serious chance to win next week\u0027s Iowa Republican presidential caucuses as he arrived in the state Wednesday for a final burst of campaigning.Arab League monitors gathered accounts about the Syrian government\u0027s crackdown on dissent in the central city of Homs Wednesday as fresh violence flared just dozens of miles away. Activists said troops opened fire on thousands of unarmed protesters, killing at least six.Girls seeking abortions in New Hampshire must first tell their parents or a judge, employers in Alabama must verify new workers\u0027 U.S. residency, and California students will be the first in the country to receive mandatory lessons about the contributions of gays and lesbians under state laws set to take effect at the start맨Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsKit Gingrich and Newt\u0027s difficult childhood. More먙Newt Gingrich뇹 bipolar motherKim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More먙\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Water Main Break Knocks Out Service In San맨 2:23Threat Of Tech Crimes Expected To Spike In맨 1:39Thieves Steal Precious Wedding Ring From맨 2:09Tuesday Night Pinpoint Forecast With Lawrence맨 2:06Murray arrives in AustraliaPaul leads Iowa pack, becomes GOP targetNorth Korea Mourns Fallen LeaderLyndon Baty Strives to be Part of the TeamH 62L 52Mostly CloudyH 17L 11Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The photographer and the MarineGermany\u0027s snow churchDiscuss: Painkiller debateWorkers prep New Year\u0027s Eve ballShare your memories using #YearInReviewSamoa time zones","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedArab observers fan out across SyriaAlibaba hires U.S. lobbying firm as it eyes YahooRetail sales resilient in final holiday stretchSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"U.S. downplays Iran warnings on Straits of HormuzRon Paul garners applause in Iowa, but does it come from caucusgoers?Rick Santorum is in third place in Iowa, new CNN poll saysBreaking News from ABC NewsNewt Gingrich뇹 bipolar mother\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 29 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 29 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN292010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":37,"second":28},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
