{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Improving labor market conditions lifted U.S. consumer confidence to an eight month high in December, but persistently weak house prices remain an obstacle to faster economic growth. The sharp rise in sentiment reported by the Conference Board on Tuesday맨 More먙Consumer confidence perks up, house prices sag(Reuters) - Sears Holdings Corp will close as many as 120 of its Kmart and Sears discount맨 More먙Sears closing more stores as holiday sales slideHONOLULU/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will nominate Harvard economist맨 More먙Obama taps economist, banker as Fed governorsWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Senator Ben Nelson said on Tuesday he will retire next year, dealing a significant blow to his party\u0027s hopes of keeping control of the Senate in the November 2012 election. Nelson\u0027s decision맨 More먙Democrat Nelson to retire from SenateWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Senator Ben Nelson said on Tuesday he will retire next year, dealing a significant blow to his party\u0027s hopes of keeping control of the Senate in the November 2012 election. Nelson\u0027s decision not to seek re-election puts his seat in heavily Republican Nebraska up for grabs, boosting Republicans\u0027맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Syrians have taken to the streets in the flashpoint city of Homs to rally against President Bashar al-Assad and plead for newly-arrived Arab peace monitors to bear witness to their맨 More먙Mass anti-Assad protest in Homs as monitors visitBEIRUT (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Syrians have taken to the streets in the flashpoint city of Homs to rally against President Bashar al-Assad and plead for newly-arrived Arab peace monitors to bear witness to their plight. About 70,000 protesters marched towards the city centre on Tuesday where security forces fired맨DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich\u0027s campaign struggled to fend off more bad news on Tuesday after he was quoted supporting main rival Mitt Romney\u0027s healthcare reform in Massachusetts.맨 More먙More trouble for Gingrich as Iowa campaign quickensDES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich\u0027s campaign struggled to fend off more bad news on Tuesday after he was quoted supporting main rival Mitt Romney\u0027s healthcare reform in Massachusetts. Gingrich, a former speaker of the House of Representatives, has seen his poll numbers drop in맨TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran threatened on Tuesday to stop the flow of oil through the Strait of Hormuz if foreign sanctions were imposed on its crude exports over its nuclear ambitions, a move that could trigger military conflict맨 More먙Iran threatens to stop Gulf oil if sanctions widenedTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran threatened on Tuesday to stop the flow of oil through the Strait of Hormuz if foreign sanctions were imposed on its crude exports over its nuclear ambitions, a move that could trigger military conflict with economies dependent on Gulf oil. Western tensions with Iran have increased since a November맨MOSCOW (Reuters) - The architect of Vladimir Putin\u0027s tightly controlled political system became one of its most senior victims on Tuesday when he was shunted out of the Kremlin in the wake of the biggest opposition protests맨 More먙Putin ejects Kremlin \"puppet master\" after protestsMOSCOW (Reuters) - The architect of Vladimir Putin\u0027s tightly controlled political system became one of its most senior victims on Tuesday when he was shunted out of the Kremlin in the wake of the biggest opposition protests of Putin\u0027s 12-year rule. The sacrifice of Vladislav Surkov, branded the Kremlin\u0027s \u0027puppet master\u0027맨(Reuters) - Hackers affiliated with the Anonymous group said they are getting ready to publish emails stolen from private intelligence analysis firm Strategic Forecasting Inc, whose clients include the U.S. military, Wall Street banks and other corporations. Strategic Forecasting Inc, which is also known as Stratfor, disclosed맨(Reuters) - Brian Keith is busier than ever as the architecture firm he works for rushes to wrap up work on a 300-unit apartment complex in Dallas. The project is one of dozens the firm, JHP Architecture, has on its hands -- a surge of business driven by a rise in demand in the United States for rental properties. The increased맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Syrians in Homs rallied on Tuesday against President Bashar al-Assad, emboldened by Arab peace monitors\u0027 first tour of the flashpoint city, after the army withdrew some tanks following days of unrest. Some 70,000 protesters marched towards the city centre where security forces fired맨SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea will hold a funeral procession on Wednesday for its deceased \"dear leader\", Kim Jong-il, making way for his son, Kim Jong-un, to become the third member of the family to run the isolated and unpredictable Asian country. The coming year was supposed to mark North Korea\u0027s self-proclaimed transformation맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As early as 2000, U.S. health authorities raised concerns about the French breast implant maker at the heart of a scandal affecting hundreds of thousands of women worldwide. That was almost 10 years before the company came under scrutiny from European regulators. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House plans to ask Congress by the end of the week for an increase in the government\u0027s debt ceiling to allow the United States to pay its bills on time, according to a senior Treasury Department official on Tuesday. The approval is expected to go through without a challenge, given that Congress맨(Reuters) - An earthquake of 6.9 magnitude hit southeastern Russia near the border with Mongolia on Tuesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said. The epicenter of the quake was 28 miles deep and was about 57 miles northeast of Kyzyl, Russia, USGS said. (Reporting By John O\u0027Callaghan)Tens of thousands of defiant Syrian protesters thronged the streets of Homs Tuesday, calling for the execution of President Bashar Assad shortly after his army pulled its tanks back and allowed Arab League monitors in for the first time to the city at the heart of the anti-government uprising.North Korea has aired footage showing a stream of wailing people paying their final respects to late leader Kim Jong Il.To assist her dying father, Tarah Souders made a choice: She moved her three young girls to a run-down trailer park in rural Indiana to help take care of him as his lungs rotted from emphysema.Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska said Tuesday he will retire rather than seek a third term next year, dealing a significant setback to Democratic efforts to maintain control of the chamber.Displaying the confidence of a front-runner, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney swept into Iowa on Tuesday ahead of next week\u0027s caucuses, shrugged off criticism from his Republican rivals and unleashed an attack on President Barack Obama.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More먙Destination 2012The holiday as we understand it is a modern invention. More먙What Christmas meantBay Area Lucky\u0027s Stores Goes Into Damage맨 2:19Morgan Hill Family Makes Plea For Stolen맨 2:05Bay Area Lawmaker\u0027s Contest Gives Public맨 1:38SFO Airport Sees Huge Increase In Passen맨 2:22Missing Canadian manDowntown Rolling Out Red Carpet For New Year\u0027s EveCommentary: A look back at 2011Demand in Texas grows for meningitis vaccine as new year approachesH 58L 47Mostly CloudyH 14L 8Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The photographer and the MarineColombia\u0027s giant outdoor escalatorShare: A mother\u0027s sacrificeShare your memories using #YearInReviewPost office fun factsBrees breaks passing-yards record","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedConsumer confidence perks up, house prices sagSears closing more stores as holiday sales slideObama taps economist, banker as Fed governorsSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Syria opposition activist calls for international intervention to halt carnageFirst Arab League monitors arrive in Syrian flashpoint cityRick Santorum hunts for a big endorsement but comes up emptyBreaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012What Christmas meantEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 28 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 28 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN282010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":28,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":12,"second":18},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
