{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan will accept a Taliban liaison office in Qatar to start peace talks but no foreign power can get involved in the process without its consent, the government\u0027s peace council said, as efforts gather pace to find a solution to the decade-long war.맨 More먙Exclusive: Afghanistan sets ground rules for Taliban(Reuters) - Shoppers found a mixed bag of bargains and so-so deals on Monday, as a day맨 More먙U.S. stores hope \"Mega Monday\" led to brisk salesBAGHDAD (Reuters) - The head of the political bloc of anti-American Shi\u0027ite cleric Moqtada맨 More먙Sadr bloc calls for early elections in IraqBEIRUT (Reuters) - Newly-arrived Arab League peace monitors will try Tuesday to see for themselves the situation in the Syrians city of Homs, which opponents of President Bashar al-Assad say has been pulverized by government맨 More먙Arab observers aim to see Syria\u0027s deadliest cityBEIRUT (Reuters) - Newly-arrived Arab League peace monitors will try Tuesday to see for themselves the situation in the Syrians city of Homs, which opponents of President Bashar al-Assad say has been pulverized by government troops and tanks in recent days. At least 31 people were killed in the city Monday as tanks fired맨AMSTERDAM/MARSEILLE (Reuters) - Potentially dangerous breast implants made by a now-defunct French company were sold to about 1,000 Dutch women under a different name, a Dutch health official said on Monday, broadening a맨 More먙PIP implants sold to Dutch firm under new nameAMSTERDAM/MARSEILLE (Reuters) - Potentially dangerous breast implants made by a now-defunct French company were sold to about 1,000 Dutch women under a different name, a Dutch health official said on Monday, broadening a scandal that could affect some 300,000 women worldwide. Dutch health authority spokeswoman Diane Bouhuijs맨WASHINGTON, Iowa (Reuters) - The man who might win the Republican Party\u0027s first presidential nominating contest fears that the United Nations may take control of the U.S. money supply. Campaigning for the January 3 Iowa caucuses,맨 More먙Paul builds campaign on doomsday scenariosWASHINGTON, Iowa (Reuters) - The man who might win the Republican Party\u0027s first presidential nominating contest fears that the United Nations may take control of the U.S. money supply. Campaigning for the January 3 Iowa caucuses, Ron Paul warns of eroding civil liberties, a Soviet Union-style economic collapse and violence맨BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least seven people were killed when a suicide car bomber hit Iraq\u0027s interior ministry on Monday in the latest attack since a crisis erupted between the Shi\u0027ite-led government and Sunni leaders a week맨 More먙Suicide bomber kills 7 outside Iraq ministryBAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least seven people were killed when a suicide car bomber hit Iraq\u0027s interior ministry on Monday in the latest attack since a crisis erupted between the Shi\u0027ite-led government and Sunni leaders a week ago. Shi\u0027ite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki sought the arrest of the Sunni vice president last Monday맨TOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Sony Corp has agreed to sell its nearly 50 percent stake in an LCD joint venture with Samsung Electronics to the South Korean company for $940 million, as it struggles to reduce huge losses at its맨 More먙Sony to sell LCD venture stake to Samsung for $940 millionTOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Sony Corp has agreed to sell its nearly 50 percent stake in an LCD joint venture with Samsung Electronics to the South Korean company for $940 million, as it struggles to reduce huge losses at its TV business. The seven-year-old venture cut its capital by 15 percent in July and industry sources had맨GRAPEVINE, Texas (Reuters) - A gunman who killed six people and himself at a family Christmas celebration was dressed in a Santa Claus suit when opened fire, police said on Monday. Authorities continued their search for clues in Grapevine, a Dallas suburb dubbed the \"Christmas Capital of Texas,\" to explain the Sunday murder-suicide맨ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria\u0027s main opposition leader accused the government of incompetence on Monday after Islamist militants killed more than two dozen people in Christmas Day attacks on churches and other targets. Muhammadu Buhari, a northerner and former military ruler who lost a presidential election in April to incumbent맨BEIJING (Reuters) - Japan urged China on Monday to shoulder a big role in ensuring North Korea avoids volatility after the death of its leader, Kim Jong-il. Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda also urged Chinese President Hu Jintao to share information about developments in North Korea, where the succession of Kim\u0027s맨MOSCOW (Reuters) - Vladimir Putin is looking increasingly out of touch in Russia after the opposition brought tens of thousands of people out onto the streets of Moscow for the second time in two weeks to demand a parliamentary election be re-run. But the looming New Year holiday in Russia means there is likely to be a맨HONOLULU (Reuters) - The U.S. government would only allow Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh to travel to the United States for \"legitimate\" medical treatment, and is now considering the request, a senior Obama administration official said on Monday. The official said Saleh\u0027s office recently contacted the U.S. embassy맨PAJU, South Korea (Reuters) - The widow of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, the author of a now-jettisoned engagement policy with North Korea, crossed the fortified land border between the two sides on Monday to pay her respects to deceased dictator Kim Jong-il. Ties between the North and South have been frozen맨SEOUL (Reuters) - Above the ballooning dress of Marilyn Monroe is the face of the late North Korean despot Kim Jong-il. A pigeon flies overhead and a feather lies nearby on the ground. North Korean artist Song Byeok once proudly drew the \"Dear Leader\" in propaganda paintings. But he was sent to labor in one of the reclusive맨An Iowa caucus campaign that has cycled through several Republican presidential front-runners entered its final week Monday, as unpredictable as the day conservatives began competing to emerge as Mitt Romney\u0027s chief rival.Women returned to clean the blood from St. Theresa Catholic Church on Monday and one man wept uncontrollably amid its debris as a Nigerian Christian association demanded protection for its churches.North Korea\u0027s next leader burnished his diplomatic skills Monday, welcoming a private South Korean mourning delegation as state media revealed a new title that gives Kim Jong Un authority over political matters.A department store Santa Claus who died with his wife and three grandchildren in a Christmas morning house fire in Connecticut spent a long career trying to prevent danger as safety chief at a liquor company in Kentucky.Medical officials say five recovering drug addicts died and dozens of others were sickened by soy sausage served for Christmas dinner at a rehabilitation center in western Mexico.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsAnger at suspect election results persists. More먙As Russia braces for new protestsKim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More먙\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Musical Santa replaces stolen bass for Seattle맨 2:01Christmas burglar steals Pierce County man\u0027s맨 1:57Huge fire destroys Bellevue business par맨 2:19Armed robber smashes way into Seattle Jack맨 1:54Arab League\u0027s Syria missionFla. crash kills crew picking up donor heartGino Sits Down With Director Jason ReitmanCritics renew calls for Arpaio to resignH 45L 40CloudyH 7L 4CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The photographer and the MarineS.F. dig unearths artifactsDiscuss: India\u0027s caste system erodingShare your memories using #YearInReviewLondon\u0027s Christmas swimRare rhino gets new mate","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedExclusive: Afghanistan sets ground rules for TalibanU.S. stores hope \"Mega Monday\" led to brisk salesSadr bloc calls for early elections in IraqSeattle NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"What the TV ads in Iowa tell us about the 2012 Republican candidates: Gone in 30 secondsIs Kim Jong-Il뇹 ghost controlling the weather?Newt Gingrich aims to win the GOP nomination with animal photosBreaking News from ABC NewsAs Russia braces for new protests\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 27 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 27 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN272010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":12,"second":49},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
