{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.(Reuters) - The Massachusetts attorney general has filed a lawsuit against five large U.S. banks accusing them of deceptive foreclosure practices, a signal of ebbing confidence that a multi-state agreement can be worked out. Attorney General Martha Coakley said on Thursday … More »Massachusetts hits big banks with foreclosure lawsuitSome of the worst winds in years blasted through California overnight, sweeping through … More »100-mph winds down trees, power lines in WestJudy Lewis didn’t find out she was the secret daughter of two Hollywood stars until she … More »Clark Gable\u0027s secret daughter diesBehind the scenes this week, the euro zone nearly imploded. Zachary Karabell on the wonky move that stopped it. More »How banks saved the world ... this weekBehind the scenes this week, the euro zone nearly imploded. Zachary Karabell on the wonky move that stopped it.The prospect of Iran and its Western adversaries stumbling into a military confrontation that neither side wants seems worryingly less improbable by the day. And if they do, each side will have plenty of evidence at hand … More »Are Iran and the West lurching toward war?The prospect of Iran and its Western adversaries stumbling into a military confrontation that neither side wants seems worryingly less improbable by the day. And if they do, each side will have plenty of evidence at hand to blame the other for instigating the conflagration. The latest round of brinkmanship, this week, came …House Republicans are drafting legislation to renew an expiring unemployment benefits program, officials said Thursday, and intend to add it to a planned extension of a Social Security payroll tax cut due to run out on Dec. … More »House Republicans drafting bill to renew jobless benefitsHouse Republicans are drafting legislation to renew an expiring unemployment benefits program, officials said Thursday, and intend to add it to a planned extension of a Social Security payroll tax cut due to run out on Dec. 31.YANGON (Reuters) - The United States will support more aid for Myanmar and consider installing an ambassador after an absence of some two decades, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Thursday, offering the first rewards … More »Clinton urges Myanmar to free political prisonersYANGON (Reuters) - The United States will support more aid for Myanmar and consider installing an ambassador after an absence of some two decades, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Thursday, offering the first rewards for reform. Clinton said she had \"candid, productive\" conversations with President Thein Sein …Newt Gingrich has worked hard to overcome one of his biggest liabilities in his pursuit of the Republican presidential nomination: his two failed marriages, both of which ended, in part, because of his infidelity. The former … More »Can social conservatives forgive Gingrich’s past?Newt Gingrich has worked hard to overcome one of his biggest liabilities in his pursuit of the Republican presidential nomination: his two failed marriages, both of which ended, in part, because of his infidelity. The former House speaker has been contrite about his personal failings, repeatedly offering mea culpas for …Syria has entered a state of civil war with more than 4,000 people dead and an increasing number of soldiers defecting from the army to take up arms against President Bashar Assad\u0027s regime, the U.N.\u0027s top human rights official said Thursday.Georgia Woman Ginger White Claims 13-Year Affair With Presidential Candidate Herman CainAfghan President Hamid Karzai on Thursday pardoned an Afghan woman serving a 12-year prison sentence for having sex out of wedlock after she was raped by a relative.NEW YORK (Reuters) - In the wake of child sex-abuse scandals at Penn State University and Syracuse University, states have jumped to toughen laws on who must report child abuse, sparking a debate about the effectiveness of such laws. In addition to the two states directly affected by the scandals -- Pennsylvania and New …Amnesty International on Thursday urged Ethiopia, Tanzania and Zambia to arrest former US president George W. Bush for violating international torture laws, during his African tour this week.A 911 caller said a Florida A\u0026M University band member had vomit in his mouth in the moments before he died, according to audio of an emergency call released Thursday.There\u0027s been plenty of reporting on how the FBI uses sting operations and confidential informants to spy on Muslims, but a new ACLU report claimed on Thursday the bureau actually spies on them through its own community outreach programs. The documents posted online by the ACLU detail the FBI\u0027s outreach efforts since Sept. …A private boarding school connected with the Hershey chocolate company says it was trying to protect other students when it denied admission to a Philadelphia-area teenager because he is HIV-positive.A small Kentucky church has chosen to ban marriages and even some worship services for interracial couples. The Gulnare Freewill Baptist Church, located in Pike County, made the vote in response to a longtime member who is engaged to a man whose birthplace is in Zimbabwe. Other pastoral leaders in the area were quick to …As kids, many of us dreamed of one day jetting into space and exploring the final frontier, but it seems even some adults just can\u0027t shake their obsession with space flight. In a year-end report(PDF) from NASA\u0027s Inspector General, Paul Martin, the organization … Continue reading ?A Florida woman was rushed by helicopter to an Alabama burn center after her face caught fire during routine surgery.Posting your opinions publicly on the internet can sometimes land you in hot water, especially if you\u0027re a public figure. That said, individuals in America have the right to free speech, and many websites such as Yelp exist to provide users a place to … Continue reading ?Risk taker Mich Kemeter took sightseeing to new heights when he crossed a steep gully in California’s Yosemite National Park on a one-inch tightrope, 3,000 feet above the ground, without a safety harness.First the mustache bubbles video, and now this: Yes, that\u0027s really them. Other popular Yahoo! News stories: Florida congressman goes off on reporter at Romney event: \u0027You\u0027re an advocate!\u0027 Herman Cain considers dropping his presidential bid Mitt Romney on attacks from Democrats: \u0027Bring it on.\u0027 Want more of our best political …The EPA turns 41 Friday, with a tip of the hat to author Rachel Carson, whose \"Silent Spring\" helped spark the modern environmental movement, joining other influential books that have changed the nation.Unusually warm, dry weather has Switzerland\u0027s ski resorts on edge.Subway is offering a $2 subs in December, which may excite frugal fans and still keep franchisees happy.LONDON (Reuters) - A copy of the first issue of Action Comics, in which Superman was unveiled to the world, has sold in an online auction for a record $2.16 million. It cost 10 cents when it was published in 1938. The comic, featuring a picture of the \"Man of Steel\" lifting a car above his head as people around him flee, …Teach somebody else something about photography. About this blog »Bono tells TIME about the war against a pandemic. More »The world after AIDSAre Obama deportations truly aimed at \u0027criminals\u0027? More »Illegal immigrationGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsFirefighter, 4 Others Hurt In SF Mission … 2:13Thursday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:38Bay Area Firefighters Eye High Winds For … 2:10SF May Take Back Plaza After Occupy Rejects … 2:20Sarkozy defends euro to FrenchSnakes Released in Taxman\u0027s OfficeObama sets new goal to fight AIDSProtest PoliticsH 69°L 48°FairH 21°L 9°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Strong winds rip through U.S. westRockefeller Center tree lightingBo stars in White House ChristmasTop 10 Lists of 2011Photos of the week from NatGeoBooks that changed the course of history","h2":"Yahoo! NewsMassachusetts hits big banks with foreclosure lawsuit100-mph winds down trees, power lines in WestClark Gable\u0027s secret daughter diesSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Teach someone somethingAl-Qaida claims it’s holding American aid worker seized in PakistanRick Perry to run ad in Iowa during Jay Leno poking fun at debate mishapNo more ‘Mr. Nice candidate’ as 2012 GOP field goes negativeThe world after AIDSIllegal immigrationBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 1 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 1 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN12010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":19,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
