{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.MOSCOW (Reuters) - Hundreds of people took to the streets of Moscow for a second successive day on Tuesday to demand an end to Vladimir Putin\u0027s 12-year rule, defying a crackdown by tens of thousands of police reinforced by crack Interior Ministry troops. Police said they … More »Russian police crack down on anti-Putin protestsYahoo! News exclusive: Republicans on a private RNC conference call Tuesday warned party … More »GOP urged to curb attacks on ObamaEngineers have been searching for years for a way to make motorcycle riding, an inherently … More »A step towards safer motorcycle ridingIn a sign that the scrutiny of his past is gaining steam along with his rising popularity, Newt Gingrich faced some of the toughest questions of his candidacy yet on Glenn Beck’s radio show today. The former House speaker … More »Beck grills Gingrich on spending, health careIn a sign that the scrutiny of his past is gaining steam along with his rising popularity, Newt Gingrich faced some of the toughest questions of his candidacy yet on Glenn Beck’s radio show today. The former House speaker this morning was grilled on a variety...WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. aviation safety official resigned on Tuesday over a drunken driving charge. Randy Babbitt said in a statement that Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood had accepted his resignation from … More »FAA chief resigns over drunken driving chargeWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. aviation safety official resigned on Tuesday over a drunken driving charge. Randy Babbitt said in a statement that Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood had accepted his resignation from his post as the head of the Federal Aviation Administration. Babbitt, 65, was arrested on Saturday in …Though Herman Cain suspended his campaign Saturday, the money his fans donated -- possibly millios of dollars -- is still good, and he can use it nearly however he wants as long as he doesn\u0027t directly pay himself. \"Even though … More »What happens to Cain\u0027s campaign money nowThough Herman Cain suspended his campaign Saturday, the money his fans donated -- possibly millios of dollars -- is still good, and he can use it nearly however he wants as long as he doesn\u0027t directly pay himself. \"Even though I may not be a candidate, you are going to be seeing a lot of me,\" Cain said at a private fundraiser …Lee Soucy decided five years ago that when he died he wanted to join his shipmates killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor. More »Pearl Harbor survivors return to ships after deathLee Soucy decided five years ago that when he died he wanted to join his shipmates killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor.US stock markets closed mixed Tuesday as investors followed the saga of Europe\u0027s public debt crisis ahead of a key EU summit and reports of a possible big increase in eurozone rescue firepower.URBANDALE, IOWA-- They\u0027re not even plugged in yet, but the phones for Newt Gingrich\u0027s Iowa campaign office finally arrived on Tuesday, exactly one month before the state\u0027s caucuses. After topping several polls in the state, Gingrich opened an official campaign office here just a few days ago. So far, the staff of seven, …Rod Blagojevich\u0027s attorney says the ousted governor\u0027s attempt to get a job in exchange for an appointment to President Barack Obama\u0027s old Senate seat was a crime, but it doesn\u0027t warrant a long prison sentence.In Afghanistan\u0027s first major sectarian assault since the fall of the Taliban regime a decade ago, a suicide bomber slaughtered 56 Shiite worshippers and wounded more than 160 others Tuesday outside a Shiite shrine in the capital.The new owners of the West Virginia coal mine where 29 men were killed in an explosion agreed Tuesday to pay a record $210 million to cover fines, compensate victims\u0027 grieving families and improve underground safety.The Obama administration is announcing a wide-ranging effort to use U.S. foreign aid to promote rights for gays and lesbians abroad, including combating attempts by foreign governments to criminalize homosexuality.A lawyer for a young man who accuses former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky of sexual abuse expects his client and at least five other alleged victims to testify at a preliminary hearing next week.GOP presidential candidate Michele Bachmann learned that protesters often come in adorable packages. A video captures the Minnesota congresswoman greeting 8-year-old Elijah and his mom at a signing event for Bachmann\u0027s book, \"Core of Conviction: My Story,\" in South Carolina. The candidate, who is an outspoken opponent of …*Note: This was written by a Yahoo! contributor. Do you have a personal finance story that you\u0027d like to share? Sign up with the Yahoo! Contributor Network to start publishing your own finance articles.A Tennessee couple helplessly watched their home burn to the ground, along with all of their possessions, because they did not pay a $75 annual fee to the local fire department. Vicky Bell told the NBC affiliate WPSD-TV that she called 911 when her mobile home in Obion County caught fire. Firefighters arrived on the [. …A job for their mom or dad. Money for the heating bill. Food or a place to live. Maybe gloves or boots.LONG BEACH, Calif (Reuters) - A 26-year-old woman plunged to her death from the Queen Mary after trying to climb over a railing on a walkway leading to the vintage ocean liner, police said on Tuesday. The woman was pulled from the water at about 8:30 p.m. on Monday night and taken to a local hospital, where she was pronounced …Yesterday\u0027s announced discovery of Earth-like planet Kepler-22b brought with it renewed speculation over the possibility of life on other worlds. And while the news was exciting, there\u0027s growing evidence that it\u0027s only a drop in the bucket when it comes to finding habitable worlds in our cosmic neighborhood. Space.com has …Jimmy Fallon says the late-night ruckus caused by his house band\u0027s choice of intro music for GOP Rep. Michele Bachmann when she was a guest on his show last month was an embarrassment. \"I was embarrassed by that, and I wanted it to go away,\" Fallon told Brian Williams on Monday\u0027s \"Rock Center.\" Fallon said [...]Does Scarlett Johansson hate Blake Lively? About this blog »Does he deserve at least 15 years in prison? More »Rod Blagojevich sentencingJackson\u0027s dad says \"there\u0027s more\" as Conrad Murray civil case looms More »After conviction, Murray to face suitsGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsCopper Thieves Stealing From Operating BART … 1:41Bay Area Activists Hold Day Of Action To … 2:28San Jose Looks To Hire More Police Offic … 1:47San Francisco Deploys Mid-Market St. \u0027Am … 1:00Spanish cyclist heads the field in race around JerusalemUS Congress lights its Christmas treeTestimony begins in fatal street racing trialProtesting into the night in RussiaH 59°L 43°Mostly CloudyH 15°L 6°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Deadly Afghan attackPearl Harbor anniversaryA step towards safer motorcycle ridingShare stories on our Facebook pageTop 10 Lists of 2011Malia Obama grows up","h2":"Yahoo! NewsRussian police crack down on anti-Putin protestsGOP urged to curb attacks on ObamaA step towards safer motorcycle ridingSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Fact or fiction?Video: Labrador rescues kittens trapped inside bagNewt Gingrich’s Iowa campaign office gets a telephone one month before the caucusPETA sends letter to White House press secretary for taking bestiality question ‘lightly’Rod Blagojevich sentencingAfter conviction, Murray to face suitsBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 7 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 7 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN72010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":23,"second":12},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
