{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose 3 percent on Wednesday as major central banks jointly added liquidity to the world\u0027s financial system, easing worries about a global downturn. The Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank as well as the central banks of Canada, Britain, … More »Wall Street jumps 3 percent after central banks\u0027 moveThe latest person to accuse former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky of sexual abuse also … More »Latest claim: Sandusky threatened boy’s familySan Diego Tunnel Discovery Latest Blow to Increasingly Creative Drug Runners From Me … More »\u0027Most sophisticated\u0027 drug tunnel uncoveredYahoo News wants you to show us what the Republican presidential candidates need to see as they prepare for the Dec. 10 presidential debate in Des Moines. Take a picture of what the candidates need to understand about your … More »Submit Iowa photos for candidatesYahoo News wants you to show us what the Republican presidential candidates need to see as they prepare for the Dec. 10 presidential debate in Des Moines. Take a picture of what the candidates need to understand about your life. Is there a business in your town that is struggling (or flourishing)? A school that [...]The coordinated plan that the Federal Reserve and other central banks announced Wednesday is intended to ease financial strains that threaten Europe\u0027s common currency and could tip the global economy into recession. More »Questions and answers about Europe\u0027s debt crisisThe coordinated plan that the Federal Reserve and other central banks announced Wednesday is intended to ease financial strains that threaten Europe\u0027s common currency and could tip the global economy into recession.LONDON (Reuters) - Demonstrators broke into an office building used by mining company Xstrata in central London on Wednesday and hung protest banners on the roof before police regained control of the building. A group of … More »\u0027Occupy\u0027 protesters break into London officeLONDON (Reuters) - Demonstrators broke into an office building used by mining company Xstrata in central London on Wednesday and hung protest banners on the roof before police regained control of the building. A group of about 60 from the \"Occupy\" movement entered the offices in Haymarket in protest at the pay of the company\u0027s …CAMP ECHO, Iraq (Reuters) - Camp Echo\u0027s dusty motorpools are empty, its private contract caterers have long gone home and murals depicting the September 11, 2001 attacks on New York\u0027s twin towers have been painted over. One … More »Packing and patrolling, U.S. troops roll out of IraqCAMP ECHO, Iraq (Reuters) - Camp Echo\u0027s dusty motorpools are empty, its private contract caterers have long gone home and murals depicting the September 11, 2001 attacks on New York\u0027s twin towers have been painted over. One of the last seven U.S. military bases in Iraq, Echo is in rapid handover to Iraqi hands as American …A study of levels of arsenic found in bottled juice has prompted advocacy. More »Arsenic in juice: New study prompts actionA study of levels of arsenic found in bottled juice has prompted advocacy.A new series of reports into Irish Catholic dioceses on Wednesday revealed horrific child sex abuse by priests and mistakes by Roman Catholic Church authorities in dealing with them.PARIS (Reuters) - France is recalling its ambassador from Iran for consultations a day after protesters stormed the British embassy in Tehran, and will push for tougher sanctions at an EU foreign ministers\u0027 meeting on Thursday. \"Given the flagrant and unacceptable violation of the Vienna convention on diplomatic relations …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The man who tried to kill President Ronald Reagan was observed browsing books about his one-time target and other presidential assassins, prosecutors said on Wednesday as a U.S. judge weighed whether to grant John Hinckley Jr. more time away from a mental hospital. Hinckley, who was found not guilty …The Chinese have called it their “Underground Great Wall” — a vast network of tunnels designed to hide their country’s increasingly sophisticated missile and nuclear arsenal.Like plenty of other cable news talk-show hosts, Greta Van Susteren anchored a segment on her top-rated Fox News show Tuesday assessing, among other things, the future of Herman Cain\u0027s presidential candidacy in the wake of the allegation that Cain had a 13-year affair with a woman from Atlanta. But unlike plenty of other …Do you believe any of these myths about job searching?Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, offered a $100 reward on Wednesday to anyone who snaps a photo today of Bob Casey, the Democratic senator from Pennsylvania, with President Obama during his visit to the state. \"I\u0027ve got $100 dollars... for any person that can get us a picture here,\" Priebus …Horses could soon be butchered in the U.S. for human consumption after Congress quietly lifted a 5-year-old ban on funding horse meat inspections, and activists say slaughterhouses could be up and running in as little as a month.An Android developer recently discovered a clandestine application called Carrier IQ built into most smartphones that doesn\u0027t just track your location; it secretly records your keystrokes, and there\u0027s nothing you can do about it. Is it time to put on a tinfoil hat? That depends on how you feel about privacy.Related: Facebook …For all the good it can do, social networking also has its share of downsides. Putting personal information of any kind on the internet raises plenty of privacy concerns on its own, and handing over your username and password can … Continue reading ?For most people, an extended stay aboard a luxury cruise liner sounds like a dream vacation. But Valeska Paris says she was held against her will aboard the Scientology cruise ship \"Freewinds\" for more than a decade. During her stay on the vessel, she alleges, she was forced into hard labor and never allowed to [...]Can there be no trust between a kidnapper and his hostages?Mindy McCready tells Access Hollywood that despite reports, she and her 5-year-old son are not missing.For the first time, scientists spotted a black hole devouring a star in a distant galaxy. One of the rarest astronomical events, it\u0027s believed to happen only about once per 100,000 years per galaxy.Slab City, Calif., is a desert oasis in a down economy.\"Like\" us on Facebook.com/TrendingNow and follow us on Twitter @YahooTrending! A New York woman is being scrutinized and praised after people learned that she used a dating website to procure $1,200 a month in free meals. According to Business Insider, 23-year-old Jessica Sporty was deep in debt. Sporty found it difficult …Photoshop and software like it can be powerful image editing tools to take your photography from boring to brilliant, but it also makes it relatively easy to alter photographs for less honorable purposes. Advertisers have been airbrushing models for decades … Continue reading ?LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - This is not a story about ratings. This is a story about shows that have overstayed their welcome. Shows like \"Glee,\" \"House\" and \"Grey\u0027s Anatomy\" are still pulling in respectable ratings, but are a shadow of what they once were. For every show like \"Freaks and Geeks,\" \"Sports Night\" and \"Party …11 of the funniest stories told by comedians. About this blog »Inside the city of fear. More »Homs, SyriaBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsFog, Wind Present Challenges For Bay Area … 1:58Wednesday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:31Free Christmas Tree Offer Helps Clear Marin … 1:49Facebook Readies For Anticipated $10 Billion … 1:531st Penn State abuse suit comes from new accuserPsychic in Baby Lisa Case Talks About Her VisionsAP Top StoriesIstanbul\u0027s Topkapi Palace attacked, 2 injuredH 64°L 49°Partly CloudyH 18°L 9°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Pakistan releases NATO attack photosArrests at Occupy L.A.Agents speak out against \u0027J. Edgar\u0027Scientists see black hole devouring starBlind man creates visionary artKiller whale gets new home","h2":"Yahoo! NewsWall Street jumps 3 percent after central banks\u0027 moveLatest claim: Sandusky threatened boy’s family\u0027Most sophisticated\u0027 drug tunnel uncoveredSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"11 funny storiesMeghan McCain conducts first interview for MSNBC with Michele BachmannDoes Herman Cain think the Arab Spring is a bad thing?When Newt Gingrich fought for the moderatesHoms, SyriaDestination 2012Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 30 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 30 2010 2011 2012OCT NOV DEC302010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":59,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
