{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.President Barack Obama accepted a move by Senate Democrats to scale back his Social Security payroll tax cut extension on Monday, then prodded Republicans to support it despite a requirement for the very wealthy to pay more taxes. More »Obama prods GOP on payroll tax cutAlready mocked by some as \"snail mail,\" first-class U.S. mail will slow even more by … More »First-class mail: Just a little bit s-l-o-w-e-rSeeking to restore confidence in the euro, the leaders of France and Germany jointly … More »EU seeks to save the euro, but S\u0026P isn\u0027t convincedWith age come such things as catheters, colostomy bags and adult diapers. Now add another indignity to getting old — having to drop your pants and show these things to a complete stranger. More »Two elderly women object to security search at JFKWith age come such things as catheters, colostomy bags and adult diapers. Now add another indignity to getting old — having to drop your pants and show these things to a complete stranger.When Bishop Eddie Long was accused of sexual misconduct by former church members, his congregation rallied around him and his wife stood by his side. About a year later, the Atlanta megachurch pastor is headed for divorce … More »Megachurch\u0027s future uncertain after pastor leavesWhen Bishop Eddie Long was accused of sexual misconduct by former church members, his congregation rallied around him and his wife stood by his side. About a year later, the Atlanta megachurch pastor is headed for divorce and stepping away from the pulpit.A body found in a trash container is believed to be that of a 7-year-old girl who went missing last week from an apartment complex playground north of Atlanta, authorities said Monday. More »Search for missing Ga. girl turns up body in trashA body found in a trash container is believed to be that of a 7-year-old girl who went missing last week from an apartment complex playground north of Atlanta, authorities said Monday.A newly discovered planet is eerily similar to Earth and is sitting outside our solar system in what seems to be the ideal place for life, except for one hitch. It\u0027s a bit too big. More »Planet in sweet spot of Goldilocks zone for lifeA newly discovered planet is eerily similar to Earth and is sitting outside our solar system in what seems to be the ideal place for life, except for one hitch. It\u0027s a bit too big.New views of the massive asteroid Vesta reveal it is more like a planet than an asteroid, scientists said Monday. More »New views of giant asteroid Vesta revealedNew views of the massive asteroid Vesta reveal it is more like a planet than an asteroid, scientists said Monday.This was the Philip Rivers everyone expected all season.Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said Monday he supports the extension of payroll tax cuts, a proposal President Barack Obama is championing.PARIS/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Standard \u0026 Poor\u0027s has warned it may carry out an unprecedented mass downgrade of euro zone countries if EU leaders fail to deliver a convincing agreement on how to solve the region\u0027s debt crisis in a summit on Friday. The ratings agency\u0027s threat to downgrade 15 countries all the way up to AAA-rated …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mitt Romney spent nearly $100,000 in state funds to replace computers in his office at the end of his term as governor of Massachusetts in 2007 as part of an unprecedented effort to keep his records secret, Reuters has learned. The move during the final weeks of Romney\u0027s administration was legal but …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The cash-strapped U.S. Postal Service on Monday moved forward with plans to end next-day delivery of letters, postcards and other First Class mail. In a notice filed with its regulator, it also sought approval to close more than half of its 461 processing facilities that have been critical for next-day …TOKYO (Reuters) - Shares in Japan\u0027s disgraced Olympus Corp surged on Tuesday as investors bet that a probe into its scandal-ridden accounts would not turn up any nasty new surprises which could lead to the stock being delisted. An outside investigative panel, which has spent the past month trying to get to the bottom of …LONDON (Reuters) - Worries of Israel striking Iran might or might not be overblown but across the region the largely hidden \"cold war\" between Tehran and its enemies is escalating fast, bringing with it wider risk of conflict. Speculation Israel might attack Iran\u0027s nuclear program has been rife in the Israeli media and …(Reuters) - More than a third of U.S. shoppers are already done with most of their holiday shopping, a survey showed on Monday, signaling that retailers need to offer bigger incentives to win sales in the few weeks before Christmas. The findings underscore the fragility of the U.S. recovery, since consumer spending accounts …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Several thousand protesters took to the streets on Monday to demand an end to Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin\u0027s 12-year rule after voters cut his party\u0027s parliamentary majority in an election that was condemned as unfair by European monitors. Police said they detained 300 people in Moscow, where …ROME (Reuters) - Italy risked a Greek-style economic collapse which could threaten the future of the euro without the austerity package approved by the government, Prime Minister Mario Monti said on Monday, calling on European partners to do their part. Monti\u0027s announcement of the plan on Sunday kicked off one of the most …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Threats to the credit rating of the United States may have spooked political leaders in U.S. states, but congressional attempts to balance the federal budget pose more long-term dangers, the three top rating agencies said on Monday. \"It\u0027s hard to know what\u0027s going to happen at the federal level. It …MOFFET FIELD, California (Reuters) - The most Earth-like planet ever discovered is circling a star 600 light years away, a key finding in an ongoing quest to learn if life exists beyond Earth, scientists said on Monday. The planet, called Kepler-22b, joins a list of more than 500 planets found to orbit stars beyond our …(Reuters) - Hedge fund multimillionaire Raj Rajaratnam began serving his 11-year prison sentence on Monday - the longest on record for insider trading - at a former military base near a small, leafy Massachusetts town. The 54-year-old Galleon Group founder reported to the prison about 40 miles northwest of Boston, at 12.43 …Does Scarlett Johansson hate Blake Lively? About this blog »Mental health professionals attribute suicides in part to cutbacks in Medicaid funding. More »Rural suicides follow Medicaid cutsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBan would stop plastic bags, fee would discourage … 2:17Old Kalakala ferry up for sale for $1 2:19Parents of drowned teen file $15M claim against … 2:0812-year-old sexually assaulted in Shoreline … 2:26SA Police videoEurozone futureCrash Kills 5 High School StudentsMexico seizes 1.2 tons of marijuanaH 41°L 33°FairH 5°L 1°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Navy training mine washes ashoreLuxury car pileup in JapanTop 10 Lists of 2011Who was St. Nicholas?2011 Heisman Trophy finalistsRosie O\u0027Donnell engaged to girlfriend","h2":"Yahoo! NewsObama prods GOP on payroll tax cutFirst-class mail: Just a little bit s-l-o-w-e-rEU seeks to save the euro, but S\u0026P isn\u0027t convincedSeattle News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Fact or fiction?At White House press briefing, reporter asks if Obama approves of beastialityCyber experts, Pentagon skeptical Iran brought down U.S. droneCongress spars over payroll tax-cut extensions: What does it mean for you?Rural suicides follow Medicaid cutsDestination 2012Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 6 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 6 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN62010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":8,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
