{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover News based on what your friends are reading, publish your own reading activity and retain full control.Plagued by allegations of sexual harassment and marriage infidelity, businessman Herman Cain announced Saturday that he is officially suspending his campaign for president of the United States. \"As of today, with a lot of prayer and soul searching, I am suspending my presidential맨 More먙Herman Cain drops out of presidential raceJerry Sandusky Has Been Charged With Molesting Eight Boys Over 15 Years More먙Jerry Sandusky: \u0027I didn\u0027t engage in sexual acts\u0027The defeat of dueling Senate plans to extend the payroll-tax cut set off shock waves맨 More먙Payroll-tax cut not dead yet. Can House save it?The once-bursting 2012 Republican presidential field is narrowing to a two-man race, and GOP voters have one month before casting the first votes to winnow it to one. Barring a dramatic new turn, their chief options will맨 More먙Romney, Gingrich proceed carefully in GOP showdownThe once-bursting 2012 Republican presidential field is narrowing to a two-man race, and GOP voters have one month before casting the first votes to winnow it to one. Barring a dramatic new turn, their chief options will be the steady but often bland demeanor of Mitt Romney and the idea-a-minute bombast of Newt Gingric맨A defiant Herman Cain suspended his faltering bid for the Republican presidential nomination Saturday amid a drumbeat of sexual misconduct allegations against him, throwing his staunchly conservative supporters up for grabs맨 More먙Cain suspends campaign shifting GOP raceA defiant Herman Cain suspended his faltering bid for the Republican presidential nomination Saturday amid a drumbeat of sexual misconduct allegations against him, throwing his staunchly conservative supporters up for grabs with just one month to go before the lead-off caucuses in Iowa.President Barack Obama wants voters to get involved in the debate over extending the reduced payroll tax and he\u0027s asking them to tell members of Congress to keep the cut in place. More먙Obama urges public help pushing payroll tax cutsPresident Barack Obama wants voters to get involved in the debate over extending the reduced payroll tax and he\u0027s asking them to tell members of Congress to keep the cut in place.The coming year-end spending spree after so much debate over budget deficits shows just how hard it is to stem the government\u0027s flow of red ink. More먙Cutting deficits harder than just talking about itThe coming year-end spending spree after so much debate over budget deficits shows just how hard it is to stem the government\u0027s flow of red ink.Burned bodies hanging from a bridge. A boy buried under rubble from a bombing. A father gunned down in front of his 7-year-old daughter. These were some of the harrowing images captured by three Iraqi photographers of The맨 More먙As US leaves Iraq, AP men recall a war in picturesBurned bodies hanging from a bridge. A boy buried under rubble from a bombing. A father gunned down in front of his 7-year-old daughter. These were some of the harrowing images captured by three Iraqi photographers of The Associated Press who have covered the Iraq war since the U.S.-led invasion of 2003.Weeks before the U.S. pullout, Iraq\u0027s prime minister confidently predicted Saturday that his country will achieve stability and remain independent of its giant neighbor Iran even without an American troop presence.Lanya Olmstead was born in Florida to a mother who immigrated from Taiwan and an American father of Norwegian ancestry. Ethnically, she considers herself half Taiwanese and half Norwegian. But when applying to Harvard, Olmstead checked only one box for her race: white.Former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky maintains he never sexually abused children and portrays himself in a New York Times interview as a father-like figure to the kids in his life.By the time Arkansas authorities took country singer Mindy McCready\u0027s 5-year-old son from her and into custody on Friday evening, one thing had already become apparent to many in America: McCready\u0027s life has come to resemble a bad country song.An 85-year-old woman said Saturday that she was injured and humiliated when she was strip searched at an airport after she asked to be patted down instead of going through a body scanner, allegations that transportation security officials denied.ATLANTA (Reuters) - Former pizza magnate Herman Cain dropped out of the presidential race on Saturday after accusations of sexual misconduct overwhelmed his bid to win the Republican nomination as an anti-Washington tax reformer. Cain\u0027s departure set off a competition among other candidates to win over his conservative맨Dec 3 - Germany\u0027s SAP announced a $3.4 billion cash deal to buy U.S. web-based software company SuccessFactors, joining the scramble among technology firms to offer cloud-computing services to businesses. SAP said on Saturday it would pay $40 per share for SuccessFactors, a premium of 52 percent over both its Friday closing맨CARACAS (Reuters) - A new Latin American and Caribbean organization backed Argentina\u0027s claim to sovereignty over the British-ruled Falkland Islands and slammed U.S. sanctions on Cuba at Saturday\u0027s end of a two-day summit. But the 33-member Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, or CELAC, drew short of any more맨VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Vladimir Putin\u0027s ruling party could see its vast parliamentary majority cut back in elections that began Sunday in the icy tundra and sparsely-populated swathes of Russia\u0027s far east. At polling stations from the Arctic to the shores of the Pacific Ocean, the election will indicate the scope맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - At least 23 people were reported killed in Syria Saturday as violence intensified in the eighth month of an uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, pushing the death toll close to 4,600, an activist group said. The Arab League, which has deepened Assad\u0027s isolation by announcing economic sanctions맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani on Saturday, again offering U.S. condolences over the deaths of 24 Pakistani soldiers in NATO air strikes last week, the State Department said in a statement. The attack sparked fury in Pakistan and complicated맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Regulators investigating the collapse of MF Global have determined that the firm combined money between securities and futures accounts owned by customers, and transferred funds outside the country to at least one entity, a source said on Friday. \"The further we get into (the investigation) the more맨ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti met party leaders Saturday to drum up support for new measures designed to shore up public finances, helping growth and calming the debt crisis in the euro zone\u0027s third-largest economy. His cabinet is scheduled to approve the package of reforms Monday, a step widely seen맨Does Scarlett Johansson hate Blake Lively? About this blog먙Four basic questions answered. More먙Unemployment benefits 101GOP would have had better shot in 2012 with center-right pols like Christie. More먙The GOP\u0027s road not takenGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsPolice investigating Sky Metalwala case search맨 2:13Port Orchard homeowner shoots intruder 0:46Four-peat! Bellevue HS wins state again 2:15Poulsbo firefighter ambushed by Ugandan 맨 1:41Rival militias wage turf war outside of TripoliRaw Video: Berlin festival hall implosionSpecial Animated Episode of \u0027Eureka\u0027Holiday Tree or Christmas Tree?H 40L 32CloudyH 4L 0CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Aftermath of raging Santa Ana windsSubmit Iowa photos for candidatesNot such a \u0027Wonderful Life\u0027Top 10 Lists of 2011No more kisses for Oscar Wilde뇹 tombBritney Spears turns 30","h2":"Yahoo! NewsHerman Cain drops out of presidential raceJerry Sandusky: \u0027I didn\u0027t engage in sexual acts\u0027Payroll-tax cut not dead yet. Can House save it?Seattle NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Your News. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Fact or fiction?Newt Gingrich accepts Donald Trump debate invitation, Ron Paul declinesHerman Cain drops out of presidential raceFlorida teen detained by TSA for design on her purseUnemployment benefits 101The GOP\u0027s road not takenBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 4 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 4 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN42010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":59,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
