{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.(Reuters) - Former Hewlett Packard CEO Mark Hurd made increasingly aggressive romantic advances over several years toward an independent contractor who later accused him of sexual harassment, according to claims in a letter from her lawyer obtained by Reuters. The letter, … More »New details rekindle HP-Hurd flapWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration is considering transferring to Afghan custody … More »U.S. mulls transfer of Taliban prisoner in perilous peace bidSEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea\u0027s first official communication with the outside world following … More »North Korea\u0027s new leadership lashes out at South Korea(Reuters) - A week after settling a landmark federal discrimination case, Bank of America Corp\u0027s Countrywide unit was ordered to face a lawsuit by a Hispanic couple who said it applied excessive pressure to refinance their … More »Appeals court revives Countrywide homeowner case(Reuters) - A week after settling a landmark federal discrimination case, Bank of America Corp\u0027s Countrywide unit was ordered to face a lawsuit by a Hispanic couple who said it applied excessive pressure to refinance their home on terms they did not accept and could not afford. In an opinion by a prominent Republican-appointed …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Long before the latest global breast implant scare, American health officials were toying with the idea of building a registry that would track patients with implants. The registry would give a better … More »Insight: Breast implant scandal shows regulators in dark on riskWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Long before the latest global breast implant scare, American health officials were toying with the idea of building a registry that would track patients with implants. The registry would give a better idea of the number of complications over time, such as rupture or infection. But to this day, none …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. claims for jobless benefits rose last week but the underlying trend pointed to an improving labor market, while regional factory data showed the economy gaining momentum as the year ended. … More »Economy gaining momentum, housing shows a pulseWASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. claims for jobless benefits rose last week but the underlying trend pointed to an improving labor market, while regional factory data showed the economy gaining momentum as the year ended. The growth picture was brightened by other data on Thursday showing pending sales of previously owned …MURMANSK, Russia (Reuters) - Russia said it had won the battle with a raging blaze aboard a nuclear submarine on Friday by submerging the stricken vessel at a navy shipyard after hours of dousing the flames with water from … More »Russia submerges nuclear submarine to douse blazeMURMANSK, Russia (Reuters) - Russia said it had won the battle with a raging blaze aboard a nuclear submarine on Friday by submerging the stricken vessel at a navy shipyard after hours of dousing the flames with water from helicopters and tug boats. There was no radiation leak, authorities said. Television pictures showed …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Opposition activists urged people to take to the streets on Friday, the main day of protest in the revolts that have swept the Arab world, to convince Arab League peace monitors to pay attention to their … More »Syrians plan Friday protests as monitors visitBEIRUT (Reuters) - Opposition activists urged people to take to the streets on Friday, the main day of protest in the revolts that have swept the Arab world, to convince Arab League peace monitors to pay attention to their plight. The Arab League mission to verify whether President Bashar al-Assad is keeping to a pledge …MILAN/ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti sought reinforcement for the euro zone\u0027s bailout fund and pledged new efforts to boost the economy after a disappointing bond auction on Thursday underlined the threat to the country\u0027s shaky public finances. Investors demanded a yield of nearly 7 percent on 10-year …NORTH LIBERTY/MASON CITY, Iowa (Reuters) - Mitt Romney\u0027s campaign did its best on Wednesday to lower expectations, but no one was really buying it. As six of the contenders for the Republican nomination for president barnstormed across Iowa, there was a clear sense that Romney could be in position to lock down the nomination …With time running short, Republican presidential candidates Rick Santorum, Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich battled Thursday to win over a pivotal crop of undecided conservative voters. Of all the candidates, only Mitt Romney seemed to largely escape attack as he worked to win a state that long seemed out of reach until this …With missile batteries, fleets of attack boats and stocks of naval mines, Iran can disrupt traffic through the Strait of Hormuz but probably cannot completely shut down the world\u0027s most important oil route, military analysts say. The question for Iran\u0027s leadership is whether it is worth the heavy price.The presence of Arab League monitors in Syria has re-energized the anti-government protest movement, with tens of thousands turning out over the past three days in cities and neighborhoods where the observers are expected to visit. The huge rallies have been met by lethal gunfire from security forces apparently worried …At least $12.5 million and counting has blanketed the airwaves ahead of next Tuesday\u0027s Republican presidential caucuses, with hard-hitting commercials awash in ghoulish images and startling claims. Most are coming from a proliferation of new independent groups aligned with the candidates.Work on a planned museum at the World Trade Center has ground to a halt because of a financial dispute, and there is now no possibility it will open on time next year, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Thursday.The political world is spinning in Iowa this week. And Republican presidential hopeful Jon Huntsman says he doesn\u0027t care.After hundreds of thousands of tons of rock were hauled out and tens of thousands of man-hours were spent, Vermont celebrated the completion of the biggest single engineering challenge following the flooding from the remnants of Hurricane Irene.Almost two centuries before there was a man named Obama in the White House, there was a man named Obama shackled in the bowels of a slave ship. There is no proof that the unidentified Obama has ties to President Barack Obama. All they share is a name. But that is exactly the commonality that Emory University researchers …Michael Jordan is engaged to longtime girlfriend Yvette Prieto, a Cuban-American model he\u0027s been dating for three years. Publicist Estee Portnoy confirmed the news, first reported by WCNC in Charlotte, on Thursday.NASCAR driver Kasey Kahne has apologized for comments he made on his Twitter account about public breastfeeding.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsKit Gingrich and Newt\u0027s difficult childhood. More »Newt Gingrich’s bipolar motherKim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More »\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Bay Area \u0027Spot Shotters\u0027 Can Pinpoint New … 2:00High Court Sides With State On Dissolving … 2:28Los Vaqueros Dam Expansion Hits Major Mi … 2:11Investigators Dig Through Damage Following … 1:48Family: NY woman\u0027s generosity led to burn deathChinese consulate siege dramaCaucus Countdown Through One Family\u0027s EyesSlain teacher\u0027s boyfriend violated probation in GeorgiaH 60°L 53°CloudyH 16°L 12°CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Top news photos of 2011Romania\u0027s ice hotelDiscuss: Saudi women\u0027s rightsWorkers prep New Year\u0027s Eve ballShare your memories using #YearInReview2011: A busy year in science","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedNew details rekindle HP-Hurd flapU.S. mulls transfer of Taliban prisoner in perilous peace bidNorth Korea\u0027s new leadership lashes out at South KoreaSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Rand Paul kicks Newt Gingrich while he’s downMichele Bachmann faces independent voters who plan to caucus in IowaFacing air attack from Perry, Santorum stands by ‘Bridge to Nowhere’Breaking News from ABC NewsNewt Gingrich’s bipolar mother\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 30 2010 2011 2012 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 30 2010 2011 2012NOV DEC JAN302010 2011 201216,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":46,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
