{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.As the results come in on Tuesday night, you can read and contribute to our liveblog. More먙Liveblog: The N.H. primary with Yahoo! News, ABC News \u0026 GQThe stakes are high for the remaining GOP candidates, with the exception of Texas Gov.맨 More먙The N.H. primary\u0027s Independent effectRon Paul lashed out at fellow Republicans for making unfair and ignorant attacks맨 More먙Mitt Romney\u0027s unlikely defenderMitt Romney is heavily favored to win both the New Hampshire primary and, eventually, the Republican nomination. Utilizing prediction market data, Romney has a 97.3 percent likelihood to win the New Hampshire primary and맨 More먙Real N.H. winner: The final non-Romney contenderMitt Romney is heavily favored to win both the New Hampshire primary and, eventually, the Republican nomination. Utilizing prediction market data, Romney has a 97.3 percent likelihood to win the New Hampshire primary and an 80.0 percent likelihood to win the nomination. Those are great odds for the former Massachusetts맨The economy was easily the biggest concern of people voting in the New Hampshire Republican presidential primary, according to early results of an exit poll of voters Tuesday. More먙Economy easily top concern among NH primary votersThe economy was easily the biggest concern of people voting in the New Hampshire Republican presidential primary, according to early results of an exit poll of voters Tuesday.BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia lifted a tsunami warning on Wednesday after a 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra, calming local residents who had earlier fled their houses to higher ground. Indonesia\u0027s맨 More먙Indonesia lifts tsunami warning after Sumatra quakeBANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia lifted a tsunami warning on Wednesday after a 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra, calming local residents who had earlier fled their houses to higher ground. Indonesia\u0027s meteorological and geophysics agency, which routinely issues tsunami warnings for quakes맨The case of a tortured Afghan child bride that shocked the world will be taken directly to President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday, a lawyer for a women\u0027s group said. More먙Case of tortured girl to be taken to Afghan presidentThe case of a tortured Afghan child bride that shocked the world will be taken directly to President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday, a lawyer for a women\u0027s group said.Apple Inc. shares posted a record-high closing price on Tuesday, hitting $423.24, almost three months after marking their last peak. More먙Apple shares hit record high close of $423.24Apple Inc. shares posted a record-high closing price on Tuesday, hitting $423.24, almost three months after marking their last peak.MANCHESTER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Mitt Romney was poised to win his second straight battle in the race for the Republican U.S. presidential nomination on Tuesday but it remained to be seen whether his anticipated victory in New Hampshire would be sizeable enough to put to rest doubts about his candidacy. The former맨TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s disgraced Olympus Corp is suing its president and 18 other executives, past and present, for up to $47 million in compensation, as it struggles to recover from one of the nation\u0027s worst accounting scandals. The maker of cameras and medical equipment said on Tuesday all board members subject to맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential hopeful Mitt Romney has sailed farther ahead of rival Republican candidates nationally and narrowed President Barack Obama\u0027s lead in the White House race, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll on Tuesday. Thirty percent of Republicans in the poll would vote for Romney, the former governor맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad derided the efforts of Arab League monitors to halt violence against anti-government activists, and a senior U.N. official said Syria had stepped up its killing of protesters after the monitors arrived. The president said in a speech Tuesday, his first public address since맨BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union must recognize Italy\u0027s efforts in fighting the sovereign debt crisis or risk the third-largest euro zone economy falling into the hands of anti-EU populists, Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti said in an interview. Monti, who took office less than two months ago at the head of a technocrat맨ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland\u0027s central bank was seeking a new leader on Tuesday to contain the strength of the country\u0027s safe-haven franc after apparently forcing out Chairman Philipp Hildebrand when emails failed to clear him of involvement in a currency trade by his wife. The supervisory council of the Swiss National맨TEHRAN/VIENNA (Reuters) - Europe and Japan moved ahead Tuesday in planning for punitive cuts in oil imports from Iran, where a senior official dismissed Western anger at news Tehran is enriching uranium deep underground as cover for ulterior motives. A day after Iran confirmed the start of enrichment at a mountain bunker맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twenty-six states challenging President Barack Obama\u0027s sweeping healthcare overhaul filed a U.S. Supreme Court brief on Tuesday arguing the law unconstitutionally expands the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled. By threatening a loss of federal funds, Congress unconstitutionally coerced states맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators will question the top U.S. audit watchdog about his budget and policy priorities on Wednesday, in a rare public meeting designed to shed more transparency on the agency that has tightened the screws on the auditing profession over the past year. The meeting at the Securities맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama announced an election year shake-up at the White House on Monday, choosing budget director Jack Lew to replace chief of staff Bill Daley, who resigned after a troubled one-year tenure. The switch at the top of the White House power chain comes as Obama prepares for a tough re-election맨BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad vowed on Tuesday to strike \"terrorists\" with an iron fist and derided Arab League efforts to halt violence in a 10-month-old revolt against his rule. The president\u0027s 100-minute speech, his first public address since June, contained some promises of reform, but no sweeping맨BEIJING (Reuters) - The head of China\u0027s $410 billion sovereign wealth fund is the front-runner to become the country\u0027s next finance minister, two independent sources said, a move in the country\u0027s broad leadership reshuffle that will culminate in 2013. Lou Jiwei, 61, currently chairman of China Investment Corp (CIC), is맨LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union might appear a military superpower, at least on paper. It has more uniformed personnel than the United States and overall EU defense spending outstrips Russia or China. But as Washington pulls troops back from the continent, two decades after the Cold War ended, and refocuses on Asia,맨ATHENS (Reuters) - Talks on a bond swap between Greece and creditor banks have made progress but there is no deal yet, the country\u0027s deputy finance minister said on Tuesday, reaffirming that Athens wants to reach a voluntary agreement that makes the country\u0027s debt sustainable. Greece is under pressure to conclude a deal맨Feinstein Urges Brown To Fold High-Speed맨 2:15Raiders Fire Head Coach Hue Jackson 0:38Feds Expected To OK Funds For San Jose BART맨 1:44Tuesday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:06How deep pockets are funding the 2012 election. More먙Super PAC windfallsGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsSome of the hits Romney뇹 taken from his primary foes will come back to haunt him. More먙Mitt\u0027s New Hampshire scarsRaw video: Alaska town braces for latest storm APFEMA gives OK to recovery work in Bastrop County toad habitat KVUE-TV AustinRanger memorial: 21 bell salute, \u0027Taps,\u0027 and \u0027Amazing Grace\u0027 KING5 SeattleH 60L 44Partly CloudyH 16L 7Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Massive storms flood HoustonSmart unveils pint-sized pickupDiscuss: One in six binge drinkNew tech gadgets at CESDoes chewing gum make you smarter?Reason to fear Russia superweapon?","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedLiveblog: The N.H. primary with Yahoo! News, ABC News \u0026 GQThe N.H. primary\u0027s Independent effectMitt Romney\u0027s unlikely defenderSan Francisco NewsChange locationLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYNew HampshireU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥸ost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedLocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Editors\u0027 PicksLiveblogging the New Hampshire primary with Yahoo News, ABC News \u0026 GQDoomsday Clock moves closer to midnightThe Romneys hit the movies: Scenes from the New Hampshire primarySuper PAC windfallsBreaking News from ABC NewsMitt\u0027s New Hampshire scarsSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 11 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 11 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB112011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":43,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
