{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama unveiled a defense strategy on Thursday that would expand the U.S. military presence in Asia but shrink the overall size of the force as the Pentagon seeks to slash spending by nearly half a trillion dollars after a decade of … More »New Pentagon strategy stresses Asia, cyber, dronesTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran faced the prospect of cutbacks in its oil sales to China and … More »Screws tighten on Iran as big buyers shun its oil(Reuters) - MF Global\u0027s bankruptcy trustee, Louis Freeh, has refused to turn over some … More »MF Global trustee tussles with regulators: reportWASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment likely grew solidly last month, but the jobless rate probably rose from a 2-1/2 year low as improving conditions lured some Americans who had given up looking for work back into the … More »Hiring seen gaining traction in DecemberWASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment likely grew solidly last month, but the jobless rate probably rose from a 2-1/2 year low as improving conditions lured some Americans who had given up looking for work back into the labor market. The government\u0027s closely watched employment report due on Friday should cement views that …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In his first full day as chief of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray sought to lower the political heat around the agency, saying it would earnestly get to work targeting all … More »Cordray says politics won\u0027t distract consumer copWASHINGTON (Reuters) - In his first full day as chief of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray sought to lower the political heat around the agency, saying it would earnestly get to work targeting all the bad actors in the lending industry. Cordray\u0027s remarks followed a day of bitter partisan sniping …(Reuters) - Barnes \u0026 Noble Inc cut its Nook sales forecast and shocked investors by saying it may spin off its fast-growing digital business, sending its shares plunging 17 percent. The No. 1 U.S. bookstore chain has relied … More »Barnes \u0026 Noble may split off Nook, cuts forecast(Reuters) - Barnes \u0026 Noble Inc cut its Nook sales forecast and shocked investors by saying it may spin off its fast-growing digital business, sending its shares plunging 17 percent. The No. 1 U.S. bookstore chain has relied on readers, tablets and electronic books to offset shriveling sales at its brick-and-mortar stores, …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Bomb attacks in mainly Shi\u0027ite Muslim areas of Iraq killed at least 73 people and wounded scores on Thursday, police and hospital sources said, raising fears of an increase in sectarian strife. The biggest … More »Bombs target Iraqi Shi\u0027ites, kill at least 73BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Bomb attacks in mainly Shi\u0027ite Muslim areas of Iraq killed at least 73 people and wounded scores on Thursday, police and hospital sources said, raising fears of an increase in sectarian strife. The biggest attack was beside a police checkpoint west of Nassiriya in the south, where a suicide bomber targeting …MANCHESTER/NORTHFIELD, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican presidential upstart Rick Santorum found himself under increasing scrutiny on Thursday as front-runner Mitt Romney tried to chip away at his credibility ahead of the key New Hampshire primary. Santorum\u0027s surge in Iowa, which held its nominating contest on Tuesday, …ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland\u0027s embattled top central banker vowed to fight \"with all means\" accusations of wrongdoing centered on a currency trade made by his wife three weeks before he imposed a cap on the soaring Swiss franc. Swiss National Bank (SNB) Chairman Philipp Hildebrand told a Swiss news conference he had no …SALEM/MANCHESTER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republicans hoping to be chosen to run against President Barack Obama in the 2012 election blasted him on Thursday for bypassing Congress to fill politically sensitive posts. He upset Republicans by making four recess appointments - naming Richard Cordray to run the new Consumer …Mitt Romney\u0027s Republican presidential rivals repeatedly attacked him as a candidate of the status quo and a timid, less-than-reliable conservative Thursday as they simultaneously sought to slow his campaign momentum and personally audition for the role of conservative rival-in-chief.Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum faced skepticism about his support for gun rights and engaged in a hostile exchange over gay marriage Thursday, all the while emphasizing a conservative record that he acknowledges is imperfect.Looking beyond the wars he inherited, President Barack Obama on Thursday launched a reshaping and shrinking of the military. He vowed to preserve U.S. pre-eminence even as the Army and Marine Corps shed troops and the administration considers reducing its arsenal of nuclear weapons.Search warrant in hand, a team of bulletproof vest-wearing officers rapped on the door of a small, red-brick Utah house, identifying themselves as police. When no one responded, authorities say, the officers burst inside.Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich said Thursday he is willing to go before the NAACP and urge blacks to demand paychecks, not food stamps.An Iranian news agency reports that the country\u0027s powerful Revolutionary Guards will hold naval exercises in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and the Persian Gulf in February.On a doorstep outside a family home, a father wondered why police had to shoot his son in the hall of the boy\u0027s middle school. In an office across town, a police chief insisted that his officers had no choice.An Army reservist who took the stage at a political event for Ron Paul and expressed his support for the Republican presidential candidate could face legal troubles, the military said Thursday.They\u0027ll be playing arenas when they tour next month, but on Thursday night, a regrouped Van Halen provided thrills in a tiny club where a VIP crowd stood elbow to elbow as the storied band played some of their greatest hits including \"Jump\" and \"Panama.\"New England Patriots offensive coordinator Bill O\u0027Brien has agreed to replace Joe Paterno as Penn State\u0027s head coach, according to multiple reports.7 reasons to retweet. About this blog »Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsIs Gingrich’s campaign merely an excuse to keep having “great debates”? More »Why Gingrich remainsRestyled Casey Anthony makes video debut. More »\u0027Things are looking up\u0027Year Begins With Renewed Vigilance On Oakland … 2:01East Palo Alto May Sue Facebook Over Menlo … 1:42Raw Video: Car Lands On Fresno Apartment … 1:55Thursday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:15First Person: N.H. Voters focused on economyTurkish ex-army chief in plot chargeWant Brooke Burke\u0027s body? Try her workout DVD\u0027sSouth Australia afternoon updateH 64°L 46°Partly CloudyH 18°L 8°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Scores dead in Iraq bombingsN.H. debate: What\u0027s your question?Share: Mom won\u0027t face shooting chargesChina\u0027s Snow and Ice FestivalChain serves \u0027Darth Vader\u0027 burgersEarth-like planets discovered","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedNew Pentagon strategy stresses Asia, cyber, dronesScrews tighten on Iran as big buyers shun its oilMF Global trustee tussles with regulators: reportSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Elizabeth Warren, Scott Brown turn Richard Cordray appointment into election fodder in MassachusettsVideo: All aboard the Newt Express80 cent check typo nearly costs man his homeThe power of retweetingBreaking News from ABC NewsWhy Gingrich remains\u0027Things are looking up\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 6 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 6 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB62011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":21,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
