{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - A judge in Campos, Brazil, could shift the criminal charges filed against Chevron and drill-rig operator Transocean to Rio de Janeiro, a decision that would remove a crusading prosecutor from the case. Eduardo Santos de Oliveira, a federal prosecutor … More »Brazil may shift jurisdiction of Chevron caseKABUL (Reuters) - A U.S. Army sergeant was formally charged with 17 counts of murder … More »U.S. soldier charged with 17 murders in Afghan killingsWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday nominated a Korean-American known … More »Obama taps public health expert for World BankWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The battered housing market looks to be on the mend as buyers make a tentative return and house prices stabilize. Sales of new homes in February fell from January but jumped more than 11 percent compared … More »Signs of recovery grow in housing marketWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The battered housing market looks to be on the mend as buyers make a tentative return and house prices stabilize. Sales of new homes in February fell from January but jumped more than 11 percent compared with the same month last year and prices rose, according to data released on Friday that was in …NEW YORK (Reuters) - In a breakdown that resembled a mini version of the 2010 \"flash crash,\" a series of blunders hit the market debut of BATS Global Markets Exchange Inc on Friday, causing the company to take the extremely … More »BATS exchange withdraws IPO after stumblesNEW YORK (Reuters) - In a breakdown that resembled a mini version of the 2010 \"flash crash,\" a series of blunders hit the market debut of BATS Global Markets Exchange Inc on Friday, causing the company to take the extremely rare step of withdrawing its initial public offering of shares. The problems Friday morning caused …BEIRUT (Reuters) - The European Union slapped sanctions on President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s powerful mother and wife on Friday, targeting his inner circle in an effort to force Syria to end its repression of a year-long uprising. … More »EU slaps sanctions on Assad\u0027s family; mortars hit HomsBEIRUT (Reuters) - The European Union slapped sanctions on President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s powerful mother and wife on Friday, targeting his inner circle in an effort to force Syria to end its repression of a year-long uprising. The EU\u0027s latest round of sanctions hit 10 other prominent personalities, including Assad\u0027s sister …(Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators accused Wells Fargo \u0026 Co on Friday of repeatedly ignoring its subpoenas for documents in connection with a probe into the bank\u0027s $60 billion sale of mortgage-backed securities. The Securities … More »SEC takes Wells Fargo to court to enforce subpoenas(Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators accused Wells Fargo \u0026 Co on Friday of repeatedly ignoring its subpoenas for documents in connection with a probe into the bank\u0027s $60 billion sale of mortgage-backed securities. The Securities and Exchange Commission\u0027s filing in a San Francisco federal court seeks to compel the fourth …TOULOUSE, France (Reuters) - France\u0027s presidential election race resumes on Friday, irrevocably altered by the killing of an al Qaeda-inspired gunman whose murders have shifted the political debate in favor of incumbent Nicolas … More »France to resume election race after gunman\u0027s deathTOULOUSE, France (Reuters) - France\u0027s presidential election race resumes on Friday, irrevocably altered by the killing of an al Qaeda-inspired gunman whose murders have shifted the political debate in favor of incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy. Mohamed Merah\u0027s cold-blooded shootings of seven people, including three Jewish schoolchildren, …HAVANA (Reuters) - For years at Havana\u0027s historic Cristobal Colon cemetery, Communist Party members refused to enter the Roman Catholic chapel there for funeral services. They stayed outside while others honored the dead … More »Pope\u0027s trip sparks hopes for change in CubaHAVANA (Reuters) - For years at Havana\u0027s historic Cristobal Colon cemetery, Communist Party members refused to enter the Roman Catholic chapel there for funeral services. They stayed outside while others honored the dead because religious believers were banned from the party and being seen in a church, particularly a Catholic …(Reuters) - ZTE Corp, China\u0027s second-largest telecommunications equipment maker, said it will \"curtail\" its business in Iran following a report that it had sold Iran\u0027s largest telecom firm a powerful surveillance system capable … More »China\u0027s ZTE to \"curtail\" business in Iran(Reuters) - ZTE Corp, China\u0027s second-largest telecommunications equipment maker, said it will \"curtail\" its business in Iran following a report that it had sold Iran\u0027s largest telecom firm a powerful surveillance system capable of monitoring telephone and Internet communications. Reuters reported Thursday that Shenzhen-based …Charges filed Friday against Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales reflect the horror of the crime: 17 counts of premeditated murder, more than half of them children, during a shooting rampage in southern Afghanistan. But while Afghans are calling for swift and severe punishment, it will likely be months, even years, before the …Wearing a hoodie. Listening to music and talking on his cellphone. Picking up Skittles for his soon-to-be stepbrother. Friends say that\u0027s how they would have imagined 17-year-old Trayvon Martin on a Sunday afternoon.A discarded chunk of a Russian rocket is forcing six space station astronauts to seek shelter in escape capsules early Saturday.You\u0027re cruising along the highway when you see a bunch of green bills fluttering around like flakes in a snow globe. You get closer and you realize it\u0027s cash. Other drivers are pulling over to snatch what they can. What do you do?Mitt Romney on Friday looked to pre-empt Supreme Court arguments that will shine a spotlight on a key vulnerability for him in the Republican primary — health care reform.America\u0027s national shouting match over health care will only get louder next week as the Supreme Court weighs the fate of President Barack Obama\u0027s overhaul.Pope Benedict XVI began a pilgrimage to the New World on Friday, calling on Mexicans to conquer an \"idolatry of money\" that feeds drug violence and urging Cuba to leave behind a Marxism that \"no longer responds to reality.\"Facebook has taken steps in recent days to address more worries about privacy, warning employers not to ask prospective employees for their passwords and trying to clarify its user \"rights and responsibilities\" policies.A pregnant Jessica Simpson on the cover of Elle magazine was apparently too much for some customers of a Tucson Safeway store, where a worker covered it with cardboard.All the upstarts are headed home. It comes down to North Carolina and Kansas, the bluest of the bluebloods, for a spot in the Final Four.John Edwards denies reported link to soccer mom madame’s service. More »Edwards denies bombshellGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsRoll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Major Weekend Search Planned For Missing … 2:285 Bodies Found In Home Near City College … 2:04Raw Video: SFPD Presser From Body Discovery … 4:45Lotto Mega Millions Jackpot Reaches $290 … 2:21Memory Champ Shares Brain TricksPope says communism does not work in CubaUS soldier charged with 17 murders in Afghan ...Mother remembers sonH 58°L 50°CloudyH 14°L 10°CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The best photos of the weekTrayvon Martin hoodie protest45-foot paper plane takes flightKim Kardashian gets flour-bombedWhat food lasts the longest?\u0027Hunger Games\u0027 mania","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedBrazil may shift jurisdiction of Chevron caseU.S. soldier charged with 17 murders in Afghan killingsObama taps public health expert for World BankSubscribeHow to subscribeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Most Popular »FeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYEdwards denies bombshellBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 24 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 24 2011 2012 2013FEB MAR APR242011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":11,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
