{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.Revelers erupted in cheers amid a confetti-filled celebration in New York\u0027s Times Square to welcome in the new year, part of star-studded celebrations and glittering fireworks displays around the world to usher in 2012. More »NYC, world ring in 2012, bid adieu to a tough yearAs of December 31, 2011 the likelihood of the Democrats retaining the Presidency is 53.7 … More »What’s the likelihood that Dems could control Washington in 2012?ATLANTIC, Iowa -- Facing a barrage of attack ads in the run-up to Tuesday\u0027s Iowa caucuses, … More »Facing attacks, Gingrich prepares to shift strategyDES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney narrowly leads rival Ron Paul in Iowa three days before the state kicks off the party\u0027s presidential nominating race, according to a Des Moines Register poll released on … More »Romney leads Paul in Iowa poll, Santorum surgesDES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney narrowly leads rival Ron Paul in Iowa three days before the state kicks off the party\u0027s presidential nominating race, according to a Des Moines Register poll released on Saturday. The closely watched poll, which has a strong track record in Iowa races, showed Rick Santorum …SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea in a policy-setting message for New Year called on its people to rally behind anointed successor Kim Jong-un by becoming \"human shields\" but made no mention of its nuclear arms program, the key … More »N.Korea rallies for successor, no mention of nuclear armsSEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea in a policy-setting message for New Year called on its people to rally behind anointed successor Kim Jong-un by becoming \"human shields\" but made no mention of its nuclear arms program, the key source of regional security concern during his deceased father\u0027s reign. The North\u0027s three main state …HONOLULU (Reuters) - President Barack Obama signed into law on Saturday a defense funding bill that imposes sanctions on financial institutions dealing with Iran\u0027s central bank, while allowing for exemptions to avoid upsetting … More »U.S. imposes sanctions on banks dealing with IranHONOLULU (Reuters) - President Barack Obama signed into law on Saturday a defense funding bill that imposes sanctions on financial institutions dealing with Iran\u0027s central bank, while allowing for exemptions to avoid upsetting energy markets. The sanctions target both private and government-controlled banks - including …(Reuters) - By Jim Forsyth SAN ANTONIO, Dec 31 (Reuters) - A man found to be carrying explosives in \"military grade wrapping\" was detained at a western Texas airport on Saturday, forcing the evacuation of the area, officials … More »Man with explosives stopped at Texas airport(Reuters) - By Jim Forsyth SAN ANTONIO, Dec 31 (Reuters) - A man found to be carrying explosives in \"military grade wrapping\" was detained at a western Texas airport on Saturday, forcing the evacuation of the area, officials said. The explosives were found during a routine inspection at a security checkpoint inside Midland …BOSTON (Reuters) - Occupy this: the trash bin. At least, so say students at Michigan\u0027s Lake Superior State University who released an annual list of words they deem so misused, overused and cliched they should be banished … More »\"Occupy\" makes annual list of most overused wordsBOSTON (Reuters) - Occupy this: the trash bin. At least, so say students at Michigan\u0027s Lake Superior State University who released an annual list of words they deem so misused, overused and cliched they should be banished in the year ahead. \"Occupy,\" the term associated with the months-long protest movement in New York …LEMARS, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney said on Saturday he would veto a proposal granting U.S. citizenship to undocumented immigrants who were brought to the country as children, a pledge that won hearty applause from Iowa conservatives he hopes to win over. A young woman asked Romney about …PARIS (Reuters) - The euro could become the world\u0027s leading currency in the next decade if leaders of the single-currency bloc succeed in tightening fiscal integration, European Central Bank policymaker Christian Noyer said in an article to be published in the Journal du Dimanche. European leaders struck a historic deal …ABUJA (Reuters) - President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency on Saturday in parts of Nigeria plagued by a violent Islamist insurgency, and ordered shut the borders with Cameroon, Chad and Niger in the northeast. Coming nearly a week after radical sect Boko Haram set off a series of bombs across Nigeria on …HONOLULU/TEHRAN (Reuters) - President Barack Obama signed new sanctions against Iran into law on Saturday, shortly after Iran signaled it was ready for fresh talks with the West on its nuclear programme and said it had delayed long-range missile tests in the Gulf. Tensions between Iran and the West have grown since EU leaders …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Two leading Syrian opposition parties have agreed a road map to democracy should a popular uprising succeed in toppling President Bashar al-Assad, according to a copy of the document seen by Reuters. Hundreds of thousands had taken to the streets across Syria on Friday, aiming to demonstrate the strength …Revelers erupted in cheers amid a confetti-filled celebration in New York\u0027s Times Square to welcome in the new year, part of star-studded celebrations and glittering fireworks displays around the world to usher in 2012.Mitt Romney is the clear Republican front-runner in Iowa in the final days before the first voting in the 2012 presidential election. But that\u0027s where the clarity ends in this unpredictable nomination race.Fire trucks parked in neighborhoods. Police patrolled the city. Switchboards took hotline calls. City officials scrambled on a busy New Year\u0027s Eve to identify who was behind dozens of arson fires that have spooked the Hollywood area for two straight nights.Boarding an airplane has never been safer.President Barack Obama signed a wide-ranging defense bill into law Saturday despite having \"serious reservations\" about provisions that regulate the detention, interrogation and prosecution of suspected terrorists.As planet Earth rang in the new year, a different kind of countdown was happening at the moon.NATO says one of its service members has died in an incident that did not involve combat.Kit Gingrich and Newt\u0027s difficult childhood. More »Newt Gingrich’s bipolar motherKim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More »\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsSaturday Night Pinpoint Forecast With Jim … 2:13SF Robbery, Attempted Kidnap, Hi-Speed Chase … 0:36New Year\u0027s Eve Celebrations All Over San … 2:10Community Stunned By Shooting Death Of 5-Year … 2:18Hazare in hospitalParty city Rio hails 2012Raw Video: Europe revels in start of 2012South Africa says hello to 2012H 62°L 45°Partly CloudyH 17°L 7°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"News photos of the yearTop searches of 2011Yahoo! readers share 2011 memoriesNew Year\u0027s celebrationsIn Memoriam 2011Rose Bowl Parade facts","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedNYC, world ring in 2012, bid adieu to a tough yearWhat’s the likelihood that Dems could control Washington in 2012?Facing attacks, Gingrich prepares to shift strategySan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Mitt Romney and Ron Paul top new Iowa poll, but Rick Santorum has momentumConfidence shaken, Rick Perry tries to rescue his 2012 campaignBachmann calls voters from HQ, then says Occupy protesters are Obama’s ‘advance team’Newt Gingrich’s bipolar mother\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV JAN FEB 1 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV JAN FEB 1 2011 2012 2013NOV JAN FEB12011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":23,"second":9},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
