{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Columbia, South Carolina (Reuters) - Humbled by a stunning loss in South Carolina, Mitt Romney said on Sunday he would release this week the tax returns demanded by rivals as he bids to regain the upper hand in the volatile Republican presidential race. Romney, the longtime … More »Romney to right tax \"mistake\" after primary lossBEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria rejected on Monday a request by Arab League foreign ministers … More »Syria rejects Arab call for Assad to quitWATERLOO, Ontario (Reuters) - Research In Motion\u0027s Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie have … More »BlackBerry maker\u0027s CEOs hand reins to insiderPHOENIX (Reuters) - Representative Gabrielle Giffords, shot in the head during a shooting spree in Tucson, Arizona, last year, said Sunday she will step down this week from Congress to focus on her recovery. \"I have more … More »Giffords leaving Congress to recover from shootingPHOENIX (Reuters) - Representative Gabrielle Giffords, shot in the head during a shooting spree in Tucson, Arizona, last year, said Sunday she will step down this week from Congress to focus on her recovery. \"I have more work to do on my recovery, so to do what is best for Arizona I will step down this week,\" Giffords said, …PARIS (Reuters) - There are weeks when it can sound as if the European sovereign debt crisis is going round in circles. Barbed exchanges between Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti and German Chancellor Angela Merkel carry … More »Analysis: History repeats itself in euro crisis debt spatPARIS (Reuters) - There are weeks when it can sound as if the European sovereign debt crisis is going round in circles. Barbed exchanges between Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti and German Chancellor Angela Merkel carry echoes of a prolonged dialogue of the deaf between Greece and Germany two years ago when Berlin was …OSAKA, Japan (Reuters) - Shareholders of scandal-hit Olympus Corp will file a lawsuit against the company as early as Monday, seeking more than 200 million yen ($2.6 million) in damages over the fall in its share price, a … More »Olympus shareholders seek damages for share price drop: sourceOSAKA, Japan (Reuters) - Shareholders of scandal-hit Olympus Corp will file a lawsuit against the company as early as Monday, seeking more than 200 million yen ($2.6 million) in damages over the fall in its share price, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. ($1 \u003d 77.1200 Japanese yen) (Reporting by Yoshiyuki Osada; …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Few U.S. companies plan to step up hiring in the next six months although they do expect the economy to be a bit stronger this year, according to a poll released on Monday. The National Association … More »Companies see growth but few new jobs: pollWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Few U.S. companies plan to step up hiring in the next six months although they do expect the economy to be a bit stronger this year, according to a poll released on Monday. The National Association for Business Economics\u0027 industry survey found that two-thirds of respondents expected no change in employment …STATE COLLEGE, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - Penn State\u0027s Joe Paterno, the winningest coach in major college football history who was fired in November over a child sexual abuse scandal involving an assistant that rocked America, … More »Joe Paterno, revered coach tainted by scandal, diesSTATE COLLEGE, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - Penn State\u0027s Joe Paterno, the winningest coach in major college football history who was fired in November over a child sexual abuse scandal involving an assistant that rocked America, died on Sunday of lung cancer. He was 85. Paterno won adoration from fans of the highly successful …AUCKLAND (Reuters) - The founder of file-sharing website Megaupload was ordered to be held in custody by a New Zealand court on Monday, as he denied charges of internet piracy and money laundering and said authorities were trying to portray the blackest picture of him. Prosecutor Anne Toohey argued at a bail hearing that …BRUSSELS/ATHENS (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers will decide on Monday what terms of a Greek debt restructuring they are ready to accept as part of a second bailout package for Athens after negotiators for private creditors said they could not improve their offer. Resolving the issue of a Greek debt swap is key to …Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona announced Sunday she intends to resign from Congress this week to concentrate on recovering from wounds suffered in an assassination attempt a little more than a year ago that shook the country.Other than family, football was everything to Joe Paterno. It was his lifeblood. It kept him pumped.A crude new method of making methamphetamine poses a risk even to Americans who never get anywhere near the drug: It is filling hospitals with thousands of uninsured burn patients requiring millions of dollars in advanced treatment — a burden so costly that it\u0027s contributing to the closure of some burn units.Four years after the GOP\u0027s rallying cry became \"drill, baby, drill,\" environmental issues have barely registered a blip in this Republican presidential primary.Syria rejected Monday a new Arab League plan aiming to end the country\u0027s 10-month crisis by calling on the government and the opposition to form a national unity government within two months.The lawyer for the chief witness in a secret memo scandal that has roiled Pakistan says his client will not travel to the country to testify out of fear of being detained.Anxious to accelerate peace moves, top-level U.S. officials have held talks with a representative of an insurgent movement led by a former Afghan prime minister who has been branded a terrorist by Washington, a relative of the rebel leader says.Seal and Heidi Klum have announced that their storybook marriage is coming to the end of the runway.The New York Giants have their own Super Bowl formula: in overtime and on the road.Tom Brady got all the help he needed to get the New England Patriots into the Super Bowl.Newt Gingrich worked to capitalize Sunday on his upset victory in South Carolina\u0027s Republican presidential primary, while Mitt Romney moved quickly to cut his losses before the next contest with a promise to release his income tax returns within 48 hours.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsCaptured before the digital age. More »Kodak moments\u0027Lazarus\u0027 Newt set for victory after K.O.’ing John King. More »What frontrunner?Please enter a U.S. city or postal code by clicking on the \"change location\" link above.Romney pressing reset after SC lossSouth Australia weatherPlane crash kills two in New ZealandYemen\u0027s Saleh to seek treatment in U.S.H 57°L 44°FogH 14°L 7°FogSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"South Carolina primary in photosBlues singer Etta James dies at 73Discuss: Joe Paterno dies at 85Only atheists should hold public office?Parents reveal child\u0027s genderAmazing animal migrations","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedRomney to right tax \"mistake\" after primary lossSyria rejects Arab call for Assad to quitBlackBerry maker\u0027s CEOs hand reins to insiderLOCAL NEWS Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosOn This SiteAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Newt Gingrich’s South Carolina speech: I’ll be the best ‘paycheck president in American history’Mitt Romney’s South Carolina speech: Obama ‘has divided the nation’Ron Paul’s South Carolina speech: fourth-place finish shows ‘steady growth’Breaking News from ABC NewsKodak momentsWhat frontrunner?Editors\u0027 PicksWe couldn\u0027t find your location.Lisbon, PTdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 23 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 23 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB232011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":0,"second":44},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
