{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Click image to see more photos. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Coming off a clean sweep of all five primaries up for grabs Tuesday, including Pennsylvania and New York, Mitt Romney kicked off his general election pitch, insisting the upcoming campaign will be about the \"very … More »Romney promises ‘better America’The Secret Service announced that two more agents connected to the embarrassing Cartagena, … More »3 more ousted in Secret Service scandalHours after confirming to reporters that the United States had found its fourth-ever … More »Top U.S. vet rushes to soothe mad cow fearsAllegations that U.S. retail giant Wal-Mart used bribes to speed its break-neck Mexican expansion are sparking some soul-searching in Mexico, but not the outrage that the scandal has provoked in the United States. More »Little outrage in Mexico overy Wal-Mart bribery reportAllegations that U.S. retail giant Wal-Mart used bribes to speed its break-neck Mexican expansion are sparking some soul-searching in Mexico, but not the outrage that the scandal has provoked in the United States.Seeking to build a sense of urgency for November, First Lady Michelle Obama told a group of 400 campaign supporters in Iowa today that the election could come down to only a “few thousand folks.” “I just want you to remember … More »First lady: Election could hinge on \u0027few thousand folks\u0027Seeking to build a sense of urgency for November, First Lady Michelle Obama told a group of 400 campaign supporters in Iowa today that the election could come down to only a “few thousand folks.” “I just want you to remember that in the end,...The retired top CIA officer who ordered the destruction of videos showing waterboarding says in a new book that he was tired of waiting for Washington\u0027s bureaucracy to make a decision that protected American lives. More »Ex-spy: Destroying CIA tapes purged \u0027ugly visuals\u0027The retired top CIA officer who ordered the destruction of videos showing waterboarding says in a new book that he was tired of waiting for Washington\u0027s bureaucracy to make a decision that protected American lives.The son of fallen Chinese politician Bo Xilai defended his academic record and social life at Harvard University in a letter that was the latest example of the extraordinary public evolution of China\u0027s messiest political … More »Fallen China politician\u0027s son defends himselfThe son of fallen Chinese politician Bo Xilai defended his academic record and social life at Harvard University in a letter that was the latest example of the extraordinary public evolution of China\u0027s messiest political scandal.The federal agency charged with catching U.S. government waste said in a new report that the Pentagon has squandered millions in taxpayer dollars on expensive and complex weapons systems by spending first and asking questions … More »Watchdog: Pentagon buys weapons backwardsThe federal agency charged with catching U.S. government waste said in a new report that the Pentagon has squandered millions in taxpayer dollars on expensive and complex weapons systems by spending first and asking questions later.Rick Santorum plans to meet with Mitt Romney on Friday, May 4, although an official endorsement is not likely to immediately follow, Santorum spokesman Hogan Gidley tells Yahoo News. More »Don\u0027t expect endorsement at Santorum-Romney meetingRick Santorum plans to meet with Mitt Romney on Friday, May 4, although an official endorsement is not likely to immediately follow, Santorum spokesman Hogan Gidley tells Yahoo News.Police are scaling back search efforts for a 6-year-old girl who was last seen Friday night when she was getting ready for bed in her Tucson home. More »Tucson police winding down search for missing girlPolice are scaling back search efforts for a 6-year-old girl who was last seen Friday night when she was getting ready for bed in her Tucson home.Apple Inc\u0027s quarterly results beat Wall Street estimates on stronger-than-expected demand for the iPhone, especially in the greater China region where sales jumped five-fold.One World Trade Center, being built at the site of the fallen twin towers, could surpass the Empire State Building as the tallest building in New York as soon as next week, an official said on Tuesday. The iconic Empire State Building, built in 1931, was the city\u0027s tallest at a height of 1,545 feet to the tip of its broadcast …Google, LinkedIn, Zynga, and, coming soon, Facebook: four companies among the \"new breed,\" where shareholders have effectively no rights other than the chance to ride along with the founders.A child-abduction alert was issued on Tuesday in St. Louis for a 5-year-old boy who police said was on a waiting list for a heart transplant and is believed to have been taken by his father. Porter Stone was reported missing from Children\u0027s Hospital at 4:20 p.m. local time after his father, with whom he left, called the …Two major South Korean retailers halted sales of U.S. beef after an outbreak of mad cow disease as the country\u0027s agriculture ministry looked set to move towards banning quarantine inspections, a move that would effectively end imports. Lotte Mart, a unit of Lotte Shopping Co., said it had suspended sales due to what it …U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, the longest-serving member of Pennsylvania\u0027s congressional delegation, has lost his re-election bid in a Democratic primary race in a newly redrawn district.Erika Andiola still remembers the day Arizona\u0027s tough anti-illegal immigration bill, known as SB1070, passed. She had been protesting outside the state capitol for days, sleeping on the ground and fasting, when the word spread through the crowd. She got a call from her mother, who, like Andiola, is undocumented. She told …Satellites in orbit will soon help scientists and first responders on the ground more accurately pinpoint the location and severity of earthquakes in the Western United States. Cheaper reads in store? Just why are e-books so expensive, and should they be? The knee-jerk answer to the second question is of course not. Does it make sense to pay a higher price for a digital title than for its print counterpart, especially after factoring in the cost of an e-book reader? (Tangential aside: [...]Border patrol offers in China got a surprise recently when they inspected a cart full of beer bottles entering the country from Hong Kong. Some of the bottles — being transported by an elderly woman who stated they were for … Continue …How much do you trust your children online? According to computer security company AVG, most parents go by the Ronald Reagan adage of \"trust, but verify\": Approximately 61% of U.S. parents secretly spy on their children via Facebook. The study of … Continue …Not content to shock customers with its hot dog stuffed crust fare, Pizza Hut has just unveiled two new decidedly odd pizza creations, including one surrounded by mini cheeseburgers. What\u0027s arguably most interesting about the pizza mashups (there\u0027s also one featuring chicken fingers) is that none of them are currently being …Muni Bus Cameras Spot Illegal SF Parking 1:39California Proposal Would Create Fines For … 2:11Supporters Of Shuttered SF Restaurant Rally … 2:17Raw Video: Protest March On Wells Fargo Shareholder … 8:19Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsNorth Korea rebuffs Obama\u0027s warnings at nuclear summit. More »Will China and Russia have any sway?Roll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.H 66°L 57°Mostly CloudyH 19°L 14°Mostly CloudyRaw Video: Obama appears on \"Late Night\"Gingrich to stay through this week\u0027s stops in NCUofL grad killed while serving overseas in North African country of MaliRomney lays claim to GOP nominationThese flexible online degrees could help you go to school on your terms.These five online degrees could make fitting school into your schedule a cinch.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Tucson police winding down search for missing girlA guide to student loans‘Justice for Trayvon’: Alabama Man in Critical Condition After Mob BeatingMissing aboriginal women were \u0027just hookers\u0027 to police, says 911 operatorSyFy plans haunted new lineup of shows$50 light bulb you’ve already paid forNYC portrayed online in 870,000 imagesWire walker breaks recordsIllegal treehouse on royal propertyNewly discovered purple crabsBaby name trends","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedRomney promises ‘better America’3 more ousted in Secret Service scandalTop U.S. vet rushes to soothe mad cow fearsSan Francisco News Change locationSubscribeHow to subscribeFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"News For YouPADECTRINYU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »FeaturedLocal Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYEditors\u0027 PicksBreaking News from ABC NewsWill China and Russia have any sway?San Francisco, CAdown5 Smart Online DegreesOnline Degrees to Fit Your Schedule","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 25 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 25 2011 2012 2013MAR APR MAY252011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":53,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
