{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The Obama administration was caught by surprise by the ferocity of the Sept. 11 attack against the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi…In our interview today, Mitt Romney did not b…Returning to Washington for a brief session b…A man believed to be the leader of the Gulf drug cartel, which controls some of the most valuable and violently contested smuggling routes along the U.S. border, was … More »In an unprecedented and controversial move, the Federal Reserve today announced the initiation of an open-ended round of Quantitative Easing (QE3) and extended the period … More »The baby of NASA\u0027s space shuttle fleet is about to leave home — for good. More »A day after President Barack Obama accused Mitt Romney of having a \"shoot first and aim later\" approach to foreign policy, the White House found itself Thursday recalibrating … More »The U.S. called out the Muslim Brotherhood for apparently tweeting a different set of messages  -- a kind one in English, and a one in Arabic of a different tone. More »Pro-democracy icon and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, recently freed from two decades of house arrest in Myanmar, will travel to the United States later this month to receive the Congressional Gold Medal. She will also deliver a speech at the University of Louisville center named for Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch [...]A Massachusetts woman says her brother was among the Americans killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya.Staring out the window of his pickup, slowly trailing the hearse bearing his brother\u0027s body, Will Copes\u0027 eyes blurred with tears. In a few minutes he and his brother would be home.\"Four men are in custody and we are interrogating them because they are suspected of helping instigate the events at the U.S. consulate,\" the deputy interior minister says.As outrage over an anti-Muslim film spreads across the Middle East, police were sent to the California home of the film\u0027s producer to protect him and his family.Scientists in the Democratic Republic of Congo claim they have discovered a new species of monkey, making it only the second such discovery in nearly 30 years. The claim … More »Watch an impact caught on the planet Jupiter. This evening, an asteroid the length of three football fields will buzz by Earth at a rate of 7 miles per second. The asteroid … More »A San Diego-area exotic animal sanctuary has launched a fundraising campaign to build a permanent home for Meatball, a \"trash-loving\" black bear at the center of a wildlife … More »Last March, thousands of miles lay between President Barack Obama and Tyler Stark, a U.S. Air Force captain whose plane was downed in Benghazi at the beginning of the … More »A day after President Barack Obama accused Mitt Romney of having a \"shoot first and aim later\" approach to foreign policy, the White House found itself Thursday recalibrating … More »Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen, who will play the role of Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan during debate prep with Vice President Joe Biden, is still working on nailing the part. Between floor votes in the House Thursday, reporters asked Van Hollen for an update on the mock debates, but he was reluctant to dish details [...]Pro-democracy icon and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, recently freed from two decades of house arrest in Myanmar, will travel to the United States later this month to receive the Congressional Gold Medal. She will also deliver a speech at the University of Louisville center named for Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch [...]An extremely dedicated dog has continued to show its loyalty, keeping watch on its owner\u0027s grave six years after he passed away. Capitan, a German shepherd, reportedly ran away from home after its owner, Miguel Guzman, died in 2006. A week later, the Guzman family found the dog sitting by his grave in central Argentina. [...]The U.S. called out the Muslim Brotherhood for apparently tweeting a different set of messages—a kind one in English, and one in Arabic with a different tone—as demonstrators and security forces were battling outside the embassy in Cairo. The Muslim Brotherhood\u0027s English-language Twitter account (@Ikhwanweb) retweeted a message from deputy head Khairat el-Shater saying he [...]WASHINGTON—House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi pushed back against calls within Congress to cut off foreign aid to Egypt after demonstrators stormed the U.S. Embassy in Cairo earlier this week, but stopped short of calling Egypt an \"ally\" of the United States. \"I think there has been a consensus that we cannot leave Egypt by the [...]Police: NJ pharmacist shoots at holdup man, foils drug robbery; \u0027I thought, either him or I\u0027 More »Program fusing news and sports celebrates more than 30 years on air. More »Nakoula Basselly Nakoula says he wrote \"Innocence of Muslims\" script in prison. More »A new review of research, published Thursday in the journal Lancet, shows that job strain can increase the risk of a heart attack and death. More »Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke cites \"grave concern\" about unemployment. More »Today \"SportsCenter\" celebrates its 50,000th episode. More »An ABC News investigation found that medical information is so unprotected, it can be bought online. Because so many people have access, the entire system is vulnerable to theft, experts told ABC News. More »Guatemala volcano erupts outside tourist center, officials order 33,000 evacuated More »The Obama administration was caught by surprise by the ferocity of the Sept. 11 attack against the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, that killed the ambassador and … More »Heavily armed militants used a protest of an anti-Islam film as a cover and may have had help from inside Libyan security in their deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate, … More »Federal authorities identified a Southern California man who is on federal probation for financial crimes as the key figure behind an anti-Muslim film that has spawned … More »His sights fixed firmly on securing a second term, President Barack Obama had hoped that the rest of the world would wait until after the election if it had to grow … More »Republican Mitt Romney accused President Barack Obama on Thursday of \"failing American workers\" by ignoring Chinese trade violations, and seized on new Federal Reserve … More »Alarmed by the chronically weak U.S. economy, the Federal Reserve launched an aggressive new effort Thursday to boost the stock market and make borrowing cheaper for years to come.A long-simmering volcano exploded with a series of powerful eruptions outside one of Guatemala\u0027s most famous tourist attractions on Thursday, hurling thick clouds of ash nearly two miles (three kilometers) high, spewing rivers of lava down its flanks and prompting evacuation orders for more than 33,000 people from surrounding communities.New York City cracked down on the sale of supersized sodas and other sugary drinks Thursday in what was celebrated by some as a groundbreaking attempt to curb obesity but condemned by others as a blatant intrusion into people\u0027s lives by a busybody mayor.Online retailer Amazon.com has tried to become all things to all consumers, but in California, it is about to take on a role it has fought against for years: tax collector.The city\u0027s public schools will stay closed for at least one more day, but leaders of the Chicago Teachers Union and the school district kept talking Thursday, with both sides saying they were drawing closer to a deal to end the nearly weeklong strike.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama widened his lead over Republican challenger Mitt Romney to 7 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos poll of likely voters on Thursday, the latest survey to show the Democrat ahead in the run-up to the November 6 election. The daily online poll asked 990 likely voters over the previous four days which candidate they would pick if the vote took place today, with 48 percent choosing Obama and 41 percent picking Romney. ... More »SANAA/CAIRO (Reuters) - Demonstrators attacked the U.S. embassies in Yemen and Egypt on Thursday in protest at a film they consider blasphemous to Islam, and the United States sent warships towards Libya, where the U.S. ambassador was killed in related violence this week. In Libya, authorities said they had made four arrests in the investigation into the attack that killed ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americas in Benghazi on Tuesday. U.S. ... More »BEIRUT (Reuters) - Pope Benedict arrives in Lebanon on Friday to bring a message of peace to a region torn by civil war in neighboring Syria and strained by violent Islamist protests against the United States in Libya and Egypt. While those tensions overshadowed preparations for the religiously sensitive visit, security was low-profile in Beirut and the only protests expected against his presence were due to take place far from the capital. ... More »WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve launched another aggressive stimulus program on Thursday, saying it would pump $40 billion into the U.S. economy until it saw a sustained upturn in the weak jobs market. The central bank\u0027s decision to tie its controversial bond buying directly to economic conditions was an unprecedented step that marked a big escalation in its efforts to drive U.S. unemployment lower. Stock prices jumped, while gold hit a six-month high as investors braced for higher inflation. ... More »NICOSIA (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers will discuss on Friday if Spain should ask for financial support after the announcement of the European Central Bank\u0027s new bond-buying program brought Madrid\u0027s borrowing costs sharply lower. For the first time since the start of the year the ministers\u0027 talks will take place at a time when market pressure for immediate action to solve the euro zone sovereign debt crisis is easing, rather than mounting. ... More »CHICAGO (Reuters) - The Chicago Teachers Union and the nation\u0027s third-largest school district were close to a deal on Thursday to end a four-day strike over education reforms sought by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, but school will not be open on Friday. \"We are optimistic, but we are still hammering things out. Schools will not open Friday,\" union president Karen Lewis said. Lewis, a former high school chemistry teacher, said the union House of Delegates will meet at 2 p.m. local time Friday (3 p.m. EDT) to provide an update on the talks. ... More »WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Energy Department officials and contractors they employ need to be held accountable for an unprecedented security lapse in July at a facility that stores enriched uranium used to make nuclear bombs, top lawmakers on the House Armed Services Committee said on Thursday. An 82-year-old nun and two other anti-nuclear activists cut through several fences to reach the heavily guarded Y-12 complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and went unchecked as they vandalized the building\u0027s exterior, sparking a series of investigations at the Energy Department and in Congress. ... More »BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Turkish national who was kidnapped in Beirut was released and handed over to Ankara\u0027s ambassador in Lebanon on Thursday, Turkey\u0027s foreign minister said. The kidnapping of foreigners has become a growing concern in Lebanon, which is worried about a possible spillover of sectarian violence from the conflict in Syria. Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati telephoned Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, who is on an official visit to Ukraine, to inform him about the release, Davutoglu said in a posting on his Twitter account. ... More »WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Producer prices in August rose by the most in three years as energy costs surged, but fairly benign underlying inflation pressures should help the Federal Reserve maintain its accommodative monetary policy stance. Other data on Thursday underscored the weakness in the labor market, a major concern for the U.S. central bank, with the number of Americans filing new claims for state unemployment benefits touching a two-month high, although some of the gain was attributed to Tropical Storm Isaac. ... More »WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first person to set foot on the moon, was praised in a NASA memorial service at the National Cathedral on Thursday as a humble hero who led mankind into space. Mourners who filled the vast Episcopal cathedral to mark Armstrong\u0027s death last month heard him eulogized as a dedicated team player who shunned the limelight for decades after piloting the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing. \"He embodied all that is good and all that is great about America. ... More »Anti-Bullying Film Screened For SF Stude … 1:23Slain CHP Officer Youngstrom Mourned At Vacaville … 2:17Menlo Park Private School Badly Damaged In … 2:24Thursday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta … 1:22You haven\u0027t even seen half of this guy\u0027s \u0027doDream season collapsing before their eyesFed will spend billions to keep rates lowEx-Navy SEAL among those killed in LibyaEarnhardt\u0027s incredibly moving messageiPhone 5\u0027s new connector will cost users11,000-year-old fossil found in CaliforniaMeaning behind Avril Lavigne\u0027s tattooH 69°L 56°Mostly CloudyH 21°L 13°Mostly CloudySurvey: Annual household income on the declineKeeping Embassies SecureBettman: No change in NHL labor dispute911 calls released from NJ supermarket shootingAre you on Facebook? Join our page for top stories! More »The official account of Yahoo! News. 100% feed-free tweets by news fans for news fans! More »","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Breaking NewsMexico: Purported Gulf drug cartel leader caughtBernanke goes all in: What it means for youNASA\u0027s retired shuttle Endeavour heads west MondayWhite House clarifies, defends Obama\u0027s comments on EgyptU.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood for conflicting tweetsBurma’s Aung San Suu Kyi to get Congressional Gold MedalMass. man among 4 killed in Libya, family saysForgetting the Afghan war, until death brings it homeLibya arrests four suspects in deadly U.S. consulate attackPolice sent to Calif. home of \u0027Innocence of Muslims\u0027 producerNew monkey species discovered; only second such find in 28 yearsLive from the Web: Asteroid to fly by Earth tonightSan Diego sanctuary launches campaign to build habitat for bear named MeatballMichael Lewis profiles Barack Obama in Vanity FairWhite House clarifies—while defending—Obama on EgyptChris Van Hollen on playing Paul Ryan in debate prep: ‘I’ve got to work on my ge …Burma’s Aung San Suu Kyi to get Congressional Gold MedalDog stands guard over deceased owner’s grave for six yearsU.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood for conflicting tweetsPelosi urges continuing aid to Egypt, stops short of calling it an ‘ally’NJ Pharmacist Fires on Holdup ManWatch: Sports Center\u0027s 50,000th ShowWatch: Anti-Islam Film Producer Guilty on Drug, Fraud ChargesJob Stress Linked to Heart-Attack RiskWatch: Fed OKs New Stimulus: Dow Up 200 PointsPhotos: \u0027SportsCenter\u0027 Anchors: Where Are They Now?Your Medical Records May Not Be PrivateAmerican Killed in Libya Was Tracking WeaponsAmerican Killed in Libya Was on Intel MissionGuatemala Volcano EruptsUS braces for more violence from anti-Muslim …US consulate attack in Libya said twin …US identifies anti-Muslim filmmakerArab protests puts foreign policy at …Romney returns to criticizing Obama …Fed unveils bold, open-ended steps to …Guatemala volcano erupts outside tourist …NYC bans big, sugary drinks at rest …Tax on Amazon purchases in Calif. begins …Talks to end Chicago teachers strike …Obama widens lead over Romney to seven points: Reuters/Ipsos pollU.S. embassies attacked in Yemen, Egypt after Libya envoy killedPope visits Lebanon amid Syria war, Libya protestFed bets big in new push to rescue economySpain, Ireland, ESM fund in focus at euro zone talksAgreement near in Chicago teachers strike, no school FridayLawmakers urge swift action after nuclear security breachSecond Turkish hostage released to Lebanese forcesWholesale inflation rises; labor market strugglesNeil Armstrong memorial packs Washington cathedralBuffalo Bills anticipate Sunday return for grieving tackle DareusComparing Republicans to Nazis -- Who Started it?New Polls Show Obama Pulling Ahead in Key Battleground States; Romney Gains Ground …Pittsburgh ice cream \u0027bank\u0027 draws regulator\u0027s ireObama attacks Romney on Libya disaster for being too rashTop Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedU.S. braces for more violence from anti-Muslim filmExclusive: Romney on Obama\u0027s \u0027shoot first, aim later\u0027 attackHouse passes spending bill to avoid government shutdownSan Francisco NewsToday on Yahoo!Latest VideoYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Breaking News Visit Yahoo! News for the latest.The Sideshow »THE TICKET »Science »Technology »News For You »Local Weather »Follow Yahoo! News",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYUS braces for more violence from anti-Muslim …US consulate attack in Libya said twin …US identifies anti-Muslim filmmakerArab protests puts foreign policy at …Romney returns to criticizing Obama …Fed unveils bold, open-ended steps to …Guatemala volcano erupts outside tourist …NYC bans big, sugary drinks at rest …Tax on Amazon purchases in Calif. begins …Talks to end Chicago teachers strike …You on Yahoo! NewsSan Francisco, CA  Top Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h5":"","h6":"INSIDE YAHOO! NEWS","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 14 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 14 2011 2012 2013AUG SEP OCT142011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":35,"second":26},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
