{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"When asked in front of a national audience this week to defend his ability to win the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, Ron Paul responded by emphasizing the real contest: the race for delegates. \"The delegates [are] what counts,\" Paul said at the NBC presidential … More »While others woo Fla., Paul plans to rack up delegatesNEW YORK (Reuters) - Fitch downgraded the sovereign credit ratings of Belgium, Cyprus, … More »Fitch downgrades 5 euro zone nationsA federal judge in Seattle sentenced the \"Barefoot Bandit\" to the maximum six and a half … More »\"Barefoot Bandit\" gets 6 1/2 year sentenceMarco Rubio condemned unnamed members of his own party Friday for using \"inexcusable\" rhetoric about illegal immigrants. \"For those of us who come from the conservative movement, we must admit that there are those among us … More »Rubio condemns \"inexcusable\" rhetoricMarco Rubio condemned unnamed members of his own party Friday for using \"inexcusable\" rhetoric about illegal immigrants. \"For those of us who come from the conservative movement, we must admit that there are those among us who have used rhetoric that is harsh and intolerable, inexcusable,\" Rubio said at a conference for …MIAMI (Reuters) - Newt Gingrich struggled to regain momentum in the race for the Republican U.S. presidential nomination on Friday as another poll showed him falling behind his main rival Mitt Romney, who was seen as the … More »Fading Gingrich behind in new poll, hits Romney in adMIAMI (Reuters) - Newt Gingrich struggled to regain momentum in the race for the Republican U.S. presidential nomination on Friday as another poll showed him falling behind his main rival Mitt Romney, who was seen as the winner of the final debate before the Florida primary. The two men courted Florida\u0027s sizable Hispanic …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Fighting sanctions with sanctions in a test of strength with the West over its nuclear ambitions, Iran warned on Friday it may halt oil exports to Europe next week in a move calculated to hurt ailing European … More »Iran hits back at EU with own oil embargo threatTEHRAN (Reuters) - Fighting sanctions with sanctions in a test of strength with the West over its nuclear ambitions, Iran warned on Friday it may halt oil exports to Europe next week in a move calculated to hurt ailing European economies. The Tehran government grappling with its own economic crisis under Western trade and …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy grew at its fastest pace in 1-1/2 years in the fourth quarter, but a rebuilding of stocks by businesses and slower business spending warned of weaker growth in early 2012. Gross domestic … More »Growth quickens, but speed bumps aheadWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy grew at its fastest pace in 1-1/2 years in the fourth quarter, but a rebuilding of stocks by businesses and slower business spending warned of weaker growth in early 2012. Gross domestic product expanded at a 2.8 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said on Friday, a sharp acceleration …How does a man move on with his life after losing his wife and daughters to two ruthless home invaders who tormented, then killed them?Seeking to influence other states and Washington, California air regulators passed sweeping auto emission standards Friday that include a mandate to have 1.4 million electric and hybrid vehicles on state roads by 2025.(Reuters) - Facebook\u0027s initial public offering is likely to set a new standard for how low investment banks are willing to go on advisory fees to win big business. The world\u0027s largest online social network is expected to tap public markets for $10 billion in the coming months in an offering that will value the company at …PALM HARBOR, Florida (Reuters) - There\u0027s one small-government idea that Republican presidential candidates are reluctant to discuss in this retiree-heavy state: their plans to rein in health care costs for the elderly. Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney, front-runners for the Republican nomination to face Democratic President …The New York Times delivers another exposé on Apple\u0027s Chinese manufacturing practices, focusing on the human costs behind iPhones and iPads. Backlash, anyone?Twitter announced a major change to its censorship policy Thursday to allow the social media service to choose which tweets are seen in which countries. Though it has yet to use the ability, Twitter says it can now \"reactively withhold content from … Continue reading ?Several never-before-seen photographs have emerged from Adolf Hitler\u0027s personal photographer, giving a first time look at Hitler\u0027s Berlin apartment and Bavarian estate. The Mirror reports that photographer Hugo Jaeger was one of the few photographers working with color photography at the time and was granted access to Hitler\u0027s …Criminal investigators looking into the suspicious circumstances behind a now-withdrawn claim for a $14.3 million Iowa Lottery jackpot will have numerous layers of complexity to unravel, stretching from a wealthy New York suburb to Central America, observers said Friday.Cynthia Nixon learned the hard way this week that when it comes to gay civil rights, the personal is always political. Very political.All Sophia Stockton wanted from Amazon was a textbook for one of her classes. Little did she know that it was going to be shipped to her with something extra on the side. Leafing through the pages of her new book, she … Continue reading ?On serve and when whipping his forehand, Novak Djokovic\u0027s grunt is that of a bullfrog, \"WooooAH-UH.\" Rafael Nadal goes for a throatier, \"AAArrgggHH.\" Occasionally, Andy Murray offers up a more hushed, constricted, \"Eeeeeehhh.\" From Roger Federer, of course, we tend to get the sound of silence.An asteroid about the size of a bus shaved by Earth on Friday in what spacewatchers described as a \"near-miss,\" though experts were not concerned about the possibility of an impact.Size doesn\u0027t matter: a small spider builds the world\u0027s biggest webs. Many of the animal kingdom\u0027s most amazing architects are tiny creatures -- including a few who make structures visible from space.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsGOP candidates are wrong to urge a second front war in Iran. More »\u0027One war at a time, please\u0027The terrifying wonder of Journey, California\u0027s lone wolf. More »OR7\u0027s journeyStudents Groped Inside Dorms At San Jose … 2:35San Jose State Dorm Groper Sought; Students … 1:39Victim Targeted In Berkeley 1st Homicide … 2:11Friday Weather With Lawrence Karnow 1:09With a Castro in power, Cuba cannot change: US exilesFloor collapse at Cincinnati casino siteVienna police brace for far-right ball, protestsCrocs in need of a homeH 64°L 42°Partly CloudyH 18°L 6°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Inside Hitler\u0027s private worldBest photos of the weekCan divorce make you sick?\"Welcome Back, Kotter\" star diesAmazing animal architectsThe Fed does NOT \"print money\"","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedWhile others woo Fla., Paul plans to rack up delegatesFitch downgrades 5 euro zone nations\"Barefoot Bandit\" gets 6 1/2 year sentenceSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosOn This SiteAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"While others woo Florida, Ron Paul’s strategy is to rack up delegates in FebruaryMarco Rubio says some conservatives ‘harsh and intolerable’ on immigrationVideo: Shetland pony on the loose in California suburbBreaking News from ABC News\u0027One war at a time, please\u0027OR7\u0027s journeyEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 28 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 28 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB282011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":28,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":51,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
