{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - The Republican White House hopefuls launched a two-day dash to the finish in Iowa on Sunday, with front-runner Mitt Romney poised for a strong showing that could set him on the path to the nomination. Romney holds a slight edge over rival Ron … More »With 48 hours left, Romney eyes Iowa breakthroughWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Booming Middle East purchases of U.S. fighter jets will be a bright … More »Analysis: U.S. fighter sales soar in time for campaignBERLIN (Reuters) - Policymakers marked the 10th anniversary on Sunday of the introduction … More »Crisis talk, austerity calls mark euro anniversaryTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it had successfully test-fired two long-range missiles during a naval exercise in the Gulf, flexing its military muscle to show it could hit Israel and U.S. bases in the region if attacked. … More »Iran test-fires long-range missiles in Gulf drillTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it had successfully test-fired two long-range missiles during a naval exercise in the Gulf, flexing its military muscle to show it could hit Israel and U.S. bases in the region if attacked. In response to mounting Western pressure over its nuclear ambitions, Iran started a naval drill …NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States will remain the top choice of most global commercial real estate investors in 2012, but the country has lost ground to Brazil which ranked No. 2 this year, according to a survey released … More »U.S. is top 2012 property investment pickNEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States will remain the top choice of most global commercial real estate investors in 2012, but the country has lost ground to Brazil which ranked No. 2 this year, according to a survey released Sunday. While the United States offers the most stable and secure option in commercial real estate, …OSKALOOSA, Iowa (Reuters) - Facing colossal odds in the Republican nomination race, presidential candidate Michele Bachmann cast her struggle in Biblical terms on Sunday in a late attempt to win over conservative voters. … More »Bachmann seeks miracle in presidential raceOSKALOOSA, Iowa (Reuters) - Facing colossal odds in the Republican nomination race, presidential candidate Michele Bachmann cast her struggle in Biblical terms on Sunday in a late attempt to win over conservative voters. Bachmann spoke from the pulpit of a small church in rural Iowa, telling the congregation about a small …MADRID (Reuters) - Spain\u0027s public deficit for 2011 may be even higher than the above-target 8 percent of gross domestic product forecast by the new centre-right government on Friday, Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said … More »Spain public deficit may even top 8 percent: economy ministerMADRID (Reuters) - Spain\u0027s public deficit for 2011 may be even higher than the above-target 8 percent of gross domestic product forecast by the new centre-right government on Friday, Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said on Monday. The target for last year was 6 percent of GDP, but the conservatives said last week that …BOSTON (Reuters) - A shortage of Adderall, which is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, shows little sign of easing as manufacturers struggle to get enough active ingredient to make the drug and demand … More »Insight: Shortage of ADHD drug Adderall seen persistingBOSTON (Reuters) - A shortage of Adderall, which is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, shows little sign of easing as manufacturers struggle to get enough active ingredient to make the drug and demand climbs. Adderall, a stimulant, is a controlled substance, meaning it is addictive and has the potential …JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will meet this week after more than a year of deadlock in peacemaking, officials said Sunday, but both sides played down prospects of any imminent resumption of talks. Yitzhak Molcho of Israel and Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat will meet Tuesday in Jordan alongside …AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian security forces killed eight more protesters and an Arab League organization urged Arab monitors to leave Syria, saying unrelenting bloodshed made a mockery of their mission. President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s forces, keen to prevent huge protest rallies under the monitors\u0027 eyes, have killed at least 286 …On the last full day of campaigning before Iowa\u0027s GOP caucuses, Mitt Romney is working to hold on to his narrow advantage as he faces a surging Rick Santorum, an unpredictable Ron Paul factor and the still-difficult task of winning over many undecided conservative voters in a state that spurned him four years ago.South Korea\u0027s president urged North Korea on Monday to embrace a \"new era\" by using its recent leadership hand-over as an opportunity to transform Korean ties, but warned that Seoul would respond sternly to any provocations.Tactical teams searched Mount Rainier National Park\u0027s snowy terrain for an armed gunman suspected of killing a park ranger. Other officers used the cover of darkness early Monday to evacuate dozens of tourists who had been kept for their safety at a visitors center.Los Angeles detectives want to talk to a man caught on grainy surveillance video at a parking garage that was the scene of one of dozens of suspicious car fires in the city.A crowd of Muslims fought with police who demolished a mosque in China\u0027s northwest, a police employee and a human rights group said Monday.The cruise to the moon took 3½ months and covered 2½ million miles — far longer than the direct three-day flight by Apollo astronauts.Former police officer Chris Willden didn\u0027t hesitate when he realized children were trapped in an upside down car in an icy Utah river. He pulled his handgun, pushed it up against the submerged windows and shot out the glass.An off-duty federal law enforcement agent who died while confronting a pharmacy robber was picking up his elderly father\u0027s cancer medication, a New York congressman said Sunday.Fatigued by a series of diplomatic crises over the past year, the United States and Pakistan are redefining their troubled relationship, stepping back from the assumption that common goals and shared interests can trump mutual suspicion.After the Giants missed the playoffs the past two years with late-season collapses, coach Tom Coughlin implored his team to \"finish\" this season.Kim Jong-il funeral offers olive branch, sends warning to South. More »\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Begin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsSunday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Jim … 2:17Saturday Night Pinpoint Forecast With Jim … 2:13SF Robbery, Attempted Kidnap, Hi-Speed Chase … 0:36New Year\u0027s Eve Celebrations All Over San … 2:10Military member charged in Texas explosives caseFiji to lift emergency lawsMubarak trial resumes after long delayTomic scores first round winH 62°L 45°FairH 17°L 7°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"News photos of the yearTop searches of 2011Yahoo! readers share 2011 memoriesNew Year\u0027s celebrationsIn Memoriam 2011Rose Bowl Parade facts","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedWith 48 hours left, Romney eyes Iowa breakthroughAnalysis: U.S. fighter sales soar in time for campaignCrisis talk, austerity calls mark euro anniversarySan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Rick Santorum appearing more confident as crowds grow in IowaMichele Bachmann testifies at politically themed sermon on the PlainsFor the next 48 hours, to keep up with 2012 candidates in Iowa you’ll need a good GPS and a lot of gas\u0027Condolence delegations\u0027Destination 2012Breaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 2 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 2 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB22011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":50,"second":53},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
