{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Germany is easing its opposition to a bigger European bailout fund, officials said, smoothing the way for the world\u0027s leading economies to secure nearly $2 trillion in firepower to prevent further fallout from the euro-zone\u0027s sovereign debt crisis. … More »G20 inches toward $2 trillion in rescue fundsKABUL (Reuters) - Two American officers were shot dead at close range in Afghanistan\u0027s … More »American officers killed in Afghan Interior MinistryATLANTA (Reuters) - Only a month ago, Newt Gingrich was atop the Republican presidential … More »Georgia on his mind, Gingrich fights in own backyard(Reuters) - Warren Buffett told investors on Saturday the Berkshire Hathaway board has identified his successor, easing some shareholder concern about the future of the company once the famed 81-year-old investor steps down … More »Berkshire identifies Buffett successor, not by name(Reuters) - Warren Buffett told investors on Saturday the Berkshire Hathaway board has identified his successor, easing some shareholder concern about the future of the company once the famed 81-year-old investor steps down as chief executive. Buffett did not disclose who the next CEO will be in his annual letter to Berkshire …CAIRO (Reuters) - Dozens of democracy activists including 16 Americans go on trial in Egypt Sunday in a politically charged case which has set off a crisis in relations between Cairo and Washington and threatened $1.3 billion … More »U.S. democracy activists to go on trial in EgyptCAIRO (Reuters) - Dozens of democracy activists including 16 Americans go on trial in Egypt Sunday in a politically charged case which has set off a crisis in relations between Cairo and Washington and threatened $1.3 billion in annual U.S. military aid. Forty-three foreign and Egyptian non-profit workers - including the …BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government kept up its onslaught on Homs and other towns, with at least 100 killed according to human rights campaigners, as the country prepared to hold a referendum on Sunday on a new constitution. … More »Death toll mounts as Syria holds referendumBEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government kept up its onslaught on Homs and other towns, with at least 100 killed according to human rights campaigners, as the country prepared to hold a referendum on Sunday on a new constitution. \"No one is going to vote,\" activist Omar, speaking by Skype from the rebel-held Baba Amro district …(Reuters) - Goodyear Tire \u0026 Rubber Co said Saturday it would recall about 41,000 of its Wrangler Silent Armor tires produced in 2009 over concerns that a small number could tear, leading to crashes. Two people died in one … More »Goodyear recalls 41,000 Wrangler Silent Armor tires(Reuters) - Goodyear Tire \u0026 Rubber Co said Saturday it would recall about 41,000 of its Wrangler Silent Armor tires produced in 2009 over concerns that a small number could tear, leading to crashes. Two people died in one 2011 rollover crash in Texas involving a vehicle equipped with the tires, Goodyear spokesman Scott …LONDON (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch bid to grab back the huge audience his News Corp lost when it closed Britain\u0027s best-selling News of the World over a phone-hacking scandal with a new Sunday edition of his Sun tabloid filled … More »Shock, horror! Murdoch\u0027s Sun wants his readers backLONDON (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch bid to grab back the huge audience his News Corp lost when it closed Britain\u0027s best-selling News of the World over a phone-hacking scandal with a new Sunday edition of his Sun tabloid filled with gossip, girls and celebrities. With a front page splashing on a female TV presenter\u0027s birthing …VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has yet to give an explanation over a small quantity of uranium metal missing from a research site, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said in a report that voiced concern over possible military links to Tehran\u0027s nuclear program. The discrepancy found at the research site in the Iranian capital came to light …PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces on Saturday began demolishing the house where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. special forces in Abbottabad last May, a senior police official in the town said. The boundary wall and upper portion of the building had already been destroyed by midnight, …A gunman killed two American military advisers with shots to the back of the head Saturday inside a heavily guarded ministry building, and NATO ordered military workers out of Afghan ministries as protests raged for a fifth day over the burning of copies of the Quran at a U.S. army base.American drone strikes inside Pakistan are killing far fewer civilians than many in the country are led to believe, according to a rare on-the-ground investigation by The Associated Press of 10 of the deadliest attacks in the past 18 months.Republican Mitt Romney fought Saturday to prove he is the strongest challenger to President Barack Obama, an increasingly difficult task given the tight race in his native state of Michigan against surging conservative Rick Santorum.Syrians began voting Sunday on a new draft constitution aimed at quelling the country\u0027s uprising by ending the ruling Baath Party\u0027s five-decade domination of power, but the opposition announced a boycott and clashes were reported across the country.North Korean leader Kim Jong Un threatened to launch a powerful retaliatory strike against South Korea if provoked, state media said Sunday, a day before the start of annual South Korean-U.S. military drills that Pyongyang calls an invasion rehearsal.Pakistan was more than halfway done Sunday demolishing the three-story compound where Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. commandos last May, erasing a concrete reminder of a painful and embarrassing chapter in the country\u0027s history.The Oracle of Omaha earned his nickname — and more than a few billion dollars — by spotting investments that others overlooked, but Warren Buffett makes mistakes.Former South African President Nelson Mandela was hospitalized for a test to determine what is behind an undisclosed stomach ailment, and the country\u0027s current leader said the much beloved 93-year-old icon was in no danger.The Academy Awards are a big deal — even to A-listers. That\u0027s why a parade of stars came through the theater at the Hollywood \u0026 Highland Center Saturday to run through their lines and prepare to address their peers in front of a worldwide audience of millions.Danica Patrick\u0027s day started at the front of the pack. It ended with another frustrating wreck.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsNew York man \u0027grows\u0027 six inches through surgery. More »\u002720/20\u0027Is GOP seeing reproductive rights backlash? More »As Virginia ultrasound rule failsRoll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Stolen Boat Crashes Along Alameda Shore 0:52Locals May Lose Preferential Admission To … 2:27Day Laborers Win Right To Look For Work On … 1:46Elderly Man Found Dead At Oakland Hills  … 2:03Fire kills two at Brazil Antarctica basePoland gears up animal rights with strict new breeding lawsYemen car bomb kills 26Demolition starts on Bin Laden compoundH 61°L 42°FairH 16°L 6°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Who will be this year\u0027s Bassmaster?The looming threat to your gas pricesShare: Friday Photo on FacebookMilan Fashion WeekGosselin\u0027s sad confession","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedG20 inches toward $2 trillion in rescue fundsAmerican officers killed in Afghan Interior MinistryGeorgia on his mind, Gingrich fights in own backyardSubscribeHow to subscribeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Republican leaders are eager to get to race against ObamaBloomberg Businessweek gives Mitt Romney Bruce Springsteen’s rearBreaking News from ABC News\u002720/20\u0027As Virginia ultrasound rule failsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 26 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 26 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR262011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":33,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
