{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek lawmakers will vote this weekend on a controversial austerity bill that Athens needs to avoid a messy default but which is fuelling a domestic political and social crisis that has brought thousands of Greeks out on the streets in protest. The cabinet … More »Anger in Greece as parliament to vote on bailout(Reuters) - President Barack Obama, in an abrupt policy shift aimed at quelling an election-year … More »Obama shift seeks to defuse birth-control fightWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will project lower deficits and request … More »Obama budget to propose election year spending on jobs, roadsAMMAN/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Bomb attacks killed at least 28 people in Syria\u0027s second city Aleppo on Friday, while Homs endured another day of shelling and a firefight broke out in Damascus, the nearest violence to the centre … More »Bombings, bombardments kill across SyriaAMMAN/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Bomb attacks killed at least 28 people in Syria\u0027s second city Aleppo on Friday, while Homs endured another day of shelling and a firefight broke out in Damascus, the nearest violence to the centre of the capital in an 11-month uprising. The two Aleppo bombings were the worst violence to hit the …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans felt worse about their personal finances in early February, but rising confidence in the labor market\u0027s prospects should help to support spending and the broader economy. The Thomson Reuters/University … More »Anxiety over incomes hits consumer moraleWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Americans felt worse about their personal finances in early February, but rising confidence in the labor market\u0027s prospects should help to support spending and the broader economy. The Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan overall index of consumer sentiment fell to 72.5 in early February, data showed …ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday issued a call to action to restore U.S. housing markets, saying depressed house prices and sales are a serious drag on the economic recovery. \"The … More »Bernanke urges action to heal housing marketsORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday issued a call to action to restore U.S. housing markets, saying depressed house prices and sales are a serious drag on the economic recovery. \"The state of housing has been an impediment to a faster recovery,\" he told a home builders\u0027 conference. …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five big U.S. banks accused of abusive mortgage practices have agreed to a $25 billion government settlement that may help roughly one million borrowers but is no magic bullet for the ailing housing … More »U.S. banks agree to $25 billion in homeowner helpWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five big U.S. banks accused of abusive mortgage practices have agreed to a $25 billion government settlement that may help roughly one million borrowers but is no magic bullet for the ailing housing market. Thursday\u0027s announcement brings an end to 16 months of negotiations that culminated in a tense …BEIJING/HAMBURG (Reuters) - China said on Friday it would send a senior official to Tehran to discuss Iran\u0027s nuclear standoff with the West, and India indicated it would also weigh in, as Asia\u0027s two giants seek to head off … More »Asia giants join Iran diplomacy as sanctions hurt tradeBEIJING/HAMBURG (Reuters) - China said on Friday it would send a senior official to Tehran to discuss Iran\u0027s nuclear standoff with the West, and India indicated it would also weigh in, as Asia\u0027s two giants seek to head off new sanctions already playing havoc with trade. New financial sanctions imposed by the United States …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. trade panel on Friday approved investigations that could lead to steep import duties on more than $1 billion of washing machines from South Korea and Mexico and more than $150 million of wind energy towers from China and Vietnam. The U.S. International Trade Commission agreed there was reasonable …NEW YORK (Reuters) - A California hedge fund manager was charged on Friday with making $900,000 illegally on inside information about three technology companies, the latest strand of the high-profile Galleon Group prosecutions against money managers and traders. Doug Whitman of Whitman Capital was accused of gleaning secrets …Under fierce election-year fire, President Barack Obama on Friday abruptly abandoned his stand that religious organizations must pay for birth control for workers, scrambling to end a furor raging from the Catholic Church to Congress to his re-election foes. He demanded that insurance companies step in to provide the coverage …Greece\u0027s future in the eurozone came under renewed threat Friday as popular protests again turned violent and dissent grew among its lawmakers after European leaders demanded deeper spending cuts.Social issues dominated the 2012 presidential race Friday, as President Barack Obama tried to calm a storm over religion and birth control and the Republicans vying to replace him jockeyed to outdo each other in proving their conservative fervor.The federal deficit was lower through the first four months of the budget year than the same period last year. Still, the deficit is expected to top $1 trillion for the fourth year in a row, putting more pressure on Congress and President Barack Obama in an election year.Satellite image provider DigitalGlobe Inc. released photos Friday that appear to show Syrian army tanks and other armored vehicles in the city of Homs.A man from Uzbekistan who pleaded guilty Friday to plotting to kill President Barack Obama with an automatic rifle claimed he was acting at the direction of an Islamic terror group in his home country.Gabrielle Giffords, the recently retired congresswoman from Arizona who was shot in an assassination attempt 13 months ago, returned to Washington Friday for double honors. The Navy named a ship after her and she saw President Barack Obama sign the last piece of legislation she authored into law.She\u0027s been a sensation since she\u0027s been born, and now Blue Ivy has made her public debut.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Bank of America declared live customer dead for 3 years? More »\u0027Subject is deceased\u0027Giant Octopi Go On Display At SF Aquariu … 1:55Court Case Begins Over Future Of Notorious … 1:538 Put On Leave Amid Redwood City School Abuse … 2:21SFFD Releases Report On Blaze That Killed … 2:10Md. House Panels Hear Gay Marriage ArgumentsUzbek man pleads guilty in plot to kill ObamaFeds approve first new nuclear reactors in 30 yearsPatti arrives to care for BertH 62°L 52°Mostly CloudyH 17°L 11°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Priest fights radiationTesla unveils electric \u0027winged\u0027 carJason Wu at Fashion WeekReport: Google entertainment device5 \u0027Downton Abbey\u0027 fun factsExtreme winter sports","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedAnger in Greece as parliament to vote on bailoutObama shift seeks to defuse birth-control fightObama budget to propose election year spending on jobs, roadsSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"’5-Hour Energy’ drink inventor revealed to be a Buddhist monk billionaireHow to fix the primaries: Treat them like a market, with delegates as dollarsBreaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012\u0027Subject is deceased\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 11 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 11 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR112011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":58,"second":50},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
