{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers approved on Tuesday a second bailout for debt-laden Greece that will resolve Athens\u0027 immediate repayment needs but seems unlikely to revive the nation\u0027s shattered economy. After a marathon 12 hours of talks through the night, … More »Eurozone seals second Greek bailoutTEHRAN (Reuters) - Senior U.N. inspectors arrived in Iran on Monday to push for transparency … More »Top U.N. inspectors in Iran talks on atom bomb accusationsCAIRO (Reuters) - U.S. Senators said in Cairo on Monday they hoped for a swift end to … More »U.S. Senators in Cairo want swift end to NGO case(Reuters) - A top executive of Japan\u0027s scandal-ridden Olympus Corp has been found dead in a park outside New Delhi, an apparent suicide, The Times of India said on Tuesday, quoting police. Tsutomu Omori, 49, who was head … More »Top Olympus executive found dead in India park: report(Reuters) - A top executive of Japan\u0027s scandal-ridden Olympus Corp has been found dead in a park outside New Delhi, an apparent suicide, The Times of India said on Tuesday, quoting police. Tsutomu Omori, 49, who was head of Olympus\u0027s medical equipment business in India, was found hanging from a boundary wall by a gardener …TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s trade and foreign ministers said on Tuesday they have not yet reached an agreement with Washington on how much Tokyo will cut Iranian crude imports to win waivers from U.S. sanctions designed to … More »Japan says no decision yet on Iran oil import cutsTOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s trade and foreign ministers said on Tuesday they have not yet reached an agreement with Washington on how much Tokyo will cut Iranian crude imports to win waivers from U.S. sanctions designed to starve Iran of oil revenue. Japan is likely to reduce imports of crude oil from Iran by at least 11 …AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian forces opened fire with live ammunition on demonstrators in Damascus overnight, wounding at least four, activists said early Tuesday as unrest continued to spread in the capital. Demonstrations and … More »Syrian forces fire on Damascus protestsAMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian forces opened fire with live ammunition on demonstrators in Damascus overnight, wounding at least four, activists said early Tuesday as unrest continued to spread in the capital. Demonstrations and clashes with security forces have hit Damascus in the past week, undermining President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mitt Romney is struggling to regain control of the race for the Republican presidential nomination, but his allies appear ready to offer him a strong crutch for the road ahead. Restore Our Future, the … More »Pro-Romney PAC spent $13.5 million in JanuaryWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mitt Romney is struggling to regain control of the race for the Republican presidential nomination, but his allies appear ready to offer him a strong crutch for the road ahead. Restore Our Future, the independent \"Super PAC\" that supports Romney, spent $13.5 million in January on ads attacking his …STEUBENVILLE, Ohio (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum accused Democratic President Barack Obama\u0027s administration on Monday of implementing healthcare policies that discourage marriage and hurt families. … More »Santorum calls Obama health program bad for marriageSTEUBENVILLE, Ohio (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum accused Democratic President Barack Obama\u0027s administration on Monday of implementing healthcare policies that discourage marriage and hurt families. The former Pennsylvania senator, trying to rally conservative voters and put pressure on Republican …MISRATA, Libya (Reuters) - People from Libya\u0027s battle-scarred city of Misrata queued up to vote in their first free election Monday, hoping to set a standard for the rest of the country as it prepares for national polls in June after the war that overthrew Muammar Gaddafi. Months after Misrata saw the biggest and bloodiest …LONDON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. regulator was \"optimistic\" on Monday about finding a framework for the world\u0027s top economy to use global book keeping rules for investors to compare cross-border companies. \"We are hopeful we can put forward a model,\" James Kroeker, chief accountant at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission …Eurozone governments worked into the night on Monday, hoping to agree on a long-awaited rescue package for Greece that would save it from a potentially calamitous bankruptcy next month, but several key points of division remained, senior officials said.Access to college has been the driving force in federal higher education policy for decades. But the Obama administration is pushing a fundamental agenda shift that aggressively brings a new question into the debate: What are people getting for their money?YouTube is enlisting Hollywood\u0027s help to reach a generation of viewers more familiar with smartphones than TV remotes.Oil prices jumped to a nine-month high above $105 a barrel on Monday after Iran said it halted crude exports to Britain and France in an escalation of a dispute over the Middle Eastern country\u0027s nuclear program.Jane Taylor was managing a women\u0027s clothing store in downtown Christchurch a year ago when the earthquake struck during lunch hour. She was dug from the rubble within minutes with horrific injuries — her vertebrae were crushed, her skull was fractured and her pelvis smashed.One autumn morning in Buffalo, N.Y., a college student named Adeela Khan logged into her email and found a message announcing an upcoming Islamic conference in Toronto.Eurozone governments are expected to sign off on Monday a long-awaited rescue package for Greece, saving it from a potentially calamitous bankruptcy next month, according to senior officials.South Korea conducted live-fire military drills near its disputed sea boundary with North Korea on Monday despite Pyongyang\u0027s threat to respond with a \"merciless\" attack — a threat it did not immediately make good on.A small but growing number of teens and even younger children who think they were born the wrong sex are getting support from parents and from doctors who give them sex-changing treatments, according to reports in the medical journal Pediatrics.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhy was a panel at a House hearing on contraception led by five men? More »The missing womenIran and al Qaeda’s shadowy relationship could firm up this spring. More »Will Iran and al Qaeda team up?Pilots Survive Mid-Air Collision In Solano … 1:39Search For Vandals Launching Rocks At Homes … 1:39ConsumerWatch: Publisher\u0027s Clearing House … 2:18Occupy Protest Outside San Quentin 2:08Protesters clash with riot policeSecond Greece bailoutSouth Australia afternoon updateFifteen-year-old busted for DUIH 57°L 49°Partly CloudyH 14°L 9°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Syrian troops attack rebelsHow can a fake disease spread?Share: Mountain man stirs fear in UtahSnapshots of the weekBasketball fan\u0027s sign storms the WebPekingese takes Westminster top prize","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedEurozone seals second Greek bailoutTop U.N. inspectors in Iran talks on atom bomb accusationsU.S. Senators in Cairo want swift end to NGO caseSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Election hinges on New Hampshire, where Obama has 59.4 percent chance of victory: The Signal Forecast‘Million Mustache March’ planned for April to encourage growth of facial hair (and the economy)Breaking News from ABC NewsThe missing womenWill Iran and al Qaeda team up?Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 21 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 21 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR212011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":16,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
