{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Democrats officially launched their 2012 national convention on Tuesday, kicking off three straight days of party efforts aim…Newark, N.J., Mayor Cory Booker delivered a p…As Michelle Obama chisels out a new model for…Ryan’s Secret Service code name is ...Navigating the DNC? Apps can help with thatGOP steps up effort to tie Obama to CarterLIFE.com\u0027s best DNC snapshotsAs the national debt swelled past $16 trillion, Republican House Speaker John Boehner accused President Barack Obama on Tuesday of lacking the \"courage\" to work with … More »President Obama and Mitt Romney are locked in a dead heat, according to a new national poll. Both are locked at 48 percent, according to a CNN poll released Tuesday. … More »In a live Yahoo! News/ABC \"Newsmakers\" event, Pres. Obama\u0027s campaign declared \"the country is better off\" than it was four years ago. More »Tens of thousands of customers remained in the dark on Sept. 3 in Louisiana and Mississippi, nearly a week after Isaac inundated the Gulf Coast with a deluge that still … More »Is your data safe anywhere? Just months after a half-million Yahoo! passwords, 6.5 million LinkedIn passwords, and 55,000 Twitter passwords were leaked, the hacktivists … More »Oscar-winning director and former Scientologist Paul Haggis supports Vanity Fair\u0027s story that actress Nazanin Boniadi was auditioned by the Church of Scientology to be Tom Cruise\u0027s real-life girlfriend.Ryan McIntosh, an Army specialist who lost his leg when he stepped on a land mine in Afghanistan two years ago, is working as a ballperson at the U.S. Open.Hank Williams Jr., whose \"Monday Night Football\" theme song was pulled by ESPN last year after he compared President Barack Obama to Adolf Hitler, lashed out at the president during a Labor Day weekend concert. \"We\u0027ve got a Muslim for a president who hates cowboys, hates cowgirls, hates fishing, hates farming, loves gays, and we [...]You love your girlfriend. You want to propose. But how can you be sure that she really loves you? One extreme way to find out (that we don\u0027t recommend): Fake your own death in front of the girlfriend and then see if she is suitably devastated by your demise. Bold? Yes. Illegal? Maybe. Did it [...]After 25 missions to space, the shuttle Endeavor has an issue with trees for its final trek. About 400 trees will be removed to get the retired space vehicle from Los Angeles International Airport to it\u0027s final home at the California Science Center, where it will be on display, the Los Angeles Times reports. The [...]CHARLOTTE, N.C.—Democrats officially launched their 2012 national convention on Tuesday, kicking off three straight days of party efforts aimed at making the case that … More »You love your girlfriend. You want to propose. But how can you be sure that she really loves you? One extreme way to find out (that we don\u0027t recommend): Fake your own … More »As the national debt swelled past $16 trillion, Republican House Speaker John Boehner accused President Barack Obama on Tuesday of lacking the \"courage\" to work with … More »Raw feed: Day 1 at the DNC More »A Minnesota casino has created one for the record books: a bacon cheeseburger that is 10 feet in diameter and weighs over one ton. And Guinness Records representative … More »After 25 missions to space, the shuttle Endeavor has an issue with trees for its final trek. About 400 trees will be removed to get the retired space vehicle from Los Angeles International Airport to it\u0027s final home at the California Science Center, where it will be on display, the Los Angeles Times reports. The [...]CHARLOTTE, N.C.—On Tuesday, a group of more than 100 protesters shouting \"Obama is a traitor\" temporarily shut down official bus service that ferries around delegates at the Democratic National Convention. The protesters, some of whom were lying down in the street, were surrounded by Charlotte police, who used their bicycles to build a barrier around [...]Even as the Republican National Convention viewership saw a steep decline compared with past years, Mitt Romney\u0027s acceptance speech set a number of milestones across social media. \"It\u0027s not always easy to sit in front of a TV and watch a convention unfold when you can watch it online, on demand or whenever you care [...]Bring your ponchos. President Barack Obama will formally accept the Democratic nomination on Thursday outdoors in Bank of America Stadium, \"rain or shine,\" his re-election campaign manager said Tuesday. \"Look, you know, we\u0027re going to have a convention out there rain or shine—unless we\u0027re putting people at risk,\" Jim Messina told an ABC/Yahoo News roundtable [...]CHARLOTTE, N.C.—As the Democratic National Convention opens on the heels of some of President Barack Obama\u0027s surrogates fumbling when asked if the country is better off than it was four years ago, Obama campaign aides took the question head-on Tuesday morning. \"The country is better off,\" declared Stephanie Cutter, the president\u0027s deputy campaign manager. Joined [...]After reading the controversial book that details a U.S. Navy SEAL\u0027s firsthand account of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, top Pentagon officials said the book does reveal classified information and could endanger the elite SEAL teams. More »As the youngest mayor of any top 50 U.S city, both Democrats and Republicans are already eyeing San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro as a potential presidential candidate down the road. More »As news of the death of Michael Clarke Duncan spread across the web, colleagues and friends of the Oscar-nominated actor shared their grief and memories of Hollywood\u0027s \"gentle giant.\" More »When it comes to hotels, every traveler knows they\u0027re not all the same. And while you might think all states\u0027 delegates are treated equally when it comes time to attend the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, N.C. you may be surprised that some states\u0027 digs are far better than others. We teamed up with hotel review site TripAdvisor to get the skinny – from real people – on hotels in Charlotte. More »LOS ANGELES — It was supposed to be a spectacular event including a two-day parade, but space shuttle Endeavour’s final 12-mile journey through the streets of South Los Angeles has some residents protesting, because 400 trees would have to be chopped down to clear the... More »The Obama campaign rolled out the red carpet this week for a former top Energy Department official who was at the center of the ill-fated government loan to Solyndra, a California solar panel firm that wound up in bankruptcy. Steven J. Spinner joined other top fundraisers for a VIP tour of the Democratic National Convention floor in Charlotte Monday evening, posing and waving for a photographer while standing behind the podium. When he saw ABC News cameras, however, he ran for the exit. More »As the youngest mayor of any top 50 U.S city, both Democrats and Republicans are already eyeing San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro as a potential presidential candidate down the road. More »Illinois state prosecutors said today that Drew Peterson was the only person who had a motive and the means to kill his wife, Kathleen Savio, and make it look like an accident in 2004. More »Models at the 2012 International Body Painting Festival in South Korea More »Alamo CHP Shooting Chaos Caught On Cell Phone … 2:28CHP Officer Hurt In I-680 Shootout, Suspect … 2:19Tuesday Pinpoint Forecast With Brian Hac … 1:41Berkeley Parking Officers Given Power To … 1:35H 69°L 54°Partly CloudyH 21°L 12°Partly CloudyRaw Video: Crews battle California wildfireDNC convention officially opens in CharlotteRaw video: Isaac remnants flood parts of Ala.Villella left Miami ballet sooner than expectedAre you on Facebook? Join our page for top stories! More »The official account of Yahoo! News. 100% feed-free tweets by news fans for news fans! More »","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Breaking NewsBoehner: Obama lacks ‘courage’ to work with foes as debt passes $16TCNN Poll: Obama, Romney tied heading into DNCObama campaign declares \u0027the country is better off\u0027 nowPhotos: In Isaac\u0027s aftermath, thousands still in the dark, underwater\u0027Hacktivists\u0027 at AntiSec leak 1 million Apple user IDsPaul Haggis supports Vanity Fair story on Tom Cruise girlfriend auditionPhotos: Wounded vet works as U.S. Open ballpersonHank Williams Jr.: ‘We’ve got a Muslim for a president who hates cowboys’Man fakes own death, then proposes400 trees to be removed along shuttle Endeavour’s path in South L.A.Democrats kick off national convention in CharlotteMan fakes own death, then proposesBoehner hits Obama’s ‘courage’ as debt passes $16 trillionRaw feed: Day 1 at the DNCWorld’s largest cheeseburger more than doubles previous record (PHOTO)400 trees to be removed along shuttle Endeavour’s path in South L.A.Occupy protesters block DNC busesRomney’s acceptance speech most tweeted news event of 2012Obama camp: Bank of America Stadium, ‘rain or shine’Obama aide: ‘The country is better off’Obama\u0027s Popularity Dwindles Before DNCPentagon: Bin Laden Book Reveals Classified IntelKeynote Speaker Julian Castro to \u0027Speak From the Heart\u0027Celebs Remember \u0027Green Mile\u0027 StarWhich Delegates Got Top-Rated Hotels for the DNC?LA to Chop Down 400 Trees for ShuttleOfficial Who Pushed for Solyndra Loan Gets VIP Tour at DNCKeynote Speaker Julian Castro to \u0027Speak From Heart\u0027Peterson Trial: Case Headed to Jury DeliberationsPhotos: The 2012 International Body Painting FestivalApple\u0027s smartphone and tablet shipments by quarterA look at telecom-industry subscriber reportsA look at tech companies with recent IPOsBusiness events scheduled for WednesdayQuotations of the dayTop Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedDemocrats kick off national convention in CharlotteBooker: Raising taxes on the rich is about ‘patriotism’ not ‘class warfare’First lady Michelle Obama, from lightning rod to mom-in-chiefLive from the Democratic National ConventionSan Francisco NewsLatest VideoYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Breaking News Visit Yahoo! News for the latest.LIVE:The Sideshow »THE TICKET »Science »Technology »News For You »Local Weather »Follow Yahoo! News",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYYou on Yahoo! NewsSan Francisco, CA  Top Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h5":"","h6":"INSIDE YAHOO! NEWS","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 4 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 4 2011 2012 2013AUG SEP OCT42011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":52,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
