{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The weaknesses exposed in Romney\u0027s candidacy by the South Carolina results and, perhaps more importantly, in the days leading up to the primary, are cause for concern among Republicans. More »Newt Gingrich turns GOP race upside downNewt Gingrich has won South Carolina\u0027s Republican presidential primary, making this the … More »Gingrich wins South Carolina Republican primaryCOLUMBIA, S.C.--Mitt Romney\u0027s primary night party never felt like a victory rally. … More »Romney rips into Gingrich (without uttering his name) in speechJoe Paterno\u0027s doctors say the former Penn State coach\u0027s condition has become \"serious\" after he experienced complications from lung cancer in recent days. More »Spokesman: Paterno in serious conditionJoe Paterno\u0027s doctors say the former Penn State coach\u0027s condition has become \"serious\" after he experienced complications from lung cancer in recent days.I often help moderate the comments on the Yahoo News live blogs during debates and elections, so I get a rough sense for the proportion of support for candidates among readers. More »Gingrich upsets Paul in home state of Comments SectionI often help moderate the comments on the Yahoo News live blogs during debates and elections, so I get a rough sense for the proportion of support for candidates among readers.Strong backing from conservative and religious voters and people fretting about the uncertain economy fueled Newt Gingrich\u0027s victory in South Carolina\u0027s Republican presidential primary, an exit poll of voters showed Satu … More »Conservatives, economy fuel Gingrich\u0027s S.C. winStrong backing from conservative and religious voters and people fretting about the uncertain economy fueled Newt Gingrich\u0027s victory in South Carolina\u0027s Republican presidential primary, an exit poll of voters showed Saturday.Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich took a giant step Saturday toward becoming the Republican alternative to Mitt Romney that tea partyers and social conservatives have been seeking for months. More »Analysis: Gingrich forces GOP into grueling debateFormer House Speaker Newt Gingrich took a giant step Saturday toward becoming the Republican alternative to Mitt Romney that tea partyers and social conservatives have been seeking for months.COLUMBIA, S.C.: Does Mitt Romney’s Mormonism matter in South Carolina, a state with a large evangelical population? The consensus seems to be that it’s not a particularly big factor. Tony Perkins, President of the Faith and … More »Romney’s Mormonism more of a negative in S.C.?COLUMBIA, S.C.: Does Mitt Romney’s Mormonism matter in South Carolina, a state with a large evangelical population? The consensus seems to be that it’s not a particularly big factor. Tony Perkins, President of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, said Thursday after the debate that he had not heard a lot about it since coming …Mitt Romney\u0027s promise to veto a measure that would create a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants threatens to turn off some Hispanic voters, whose support could be critical in a general election match-up against President Barack Obama.COLUMBIA, South Carolina (Reuters) - After a bruising clash in South Carolina, Republican presidential frontrunners Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich will take their battle to a bigger stage when the campaign moves to Florida on Sunday. Gingrich, a former U.S. House of Representatives speaker, thrashed Romney in the South Carolina …(Reuters) - When Disney shareholders vote to re-elect directors at its annual meeting in March, neither Steve Jobs\u0027 wife nor a representative from his trust will be on the ballot, even though the trust is the media company\u0027s largest shareholder. According to Walt Disney Co\u0027s proxy, filed on Friday, directors standing for …LONDON/ATHENS (Reuters) - Chief negotiators for Greece\u0027s private creditors left Athens Saturday without a deal on a debt swap plan that is vital to avert a chaotic default, sources close to the negotiations told Reuters. A technical team stayed in the Greek capital to work on details, and negotiations will continue over …GIGLIO, Italy (Reuters) - The captain of the cruise ship Costa Concordia, which struck a rock and capsized off Italy, told magistrates he informed the ship\u0027s owners of the accident immediately, denying he delayed raising the alarm, judicial sources said Saturday. Captain Francesco Schettino has been blamed for causing the …(Reuters) - The health of former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno, who was fired last November in the wake of a child sex abuse scandal involving an assistant coach, has deteriorated and his status is serious, a family spokesman said on Saturday. \"Over the last few days Joe Paterno has experienced further health complications. …(Reuters) - Among the roll-call of hip-hop artists and other celebrities plugging Megaupload.com\u0027s digital storage services in an online promotional video, a cameo from the website\u0027s founder would have gone unnoticed by many. As the voiceover boasts of the site\u0027s billion users and four percent share of all Internet traffic, …(Reuters) - After an unusually mild winter across much of the United States, a fast-moving snowstorm struck the Northeast from central Pennsylvania to Connecticut on Saturday, while the Pacific Northwest struggled to recover from a rare heavy snowfall. The moderate Northeast storm stood in contrast to the heavy snows of …ABOARD THE USS ENTERPRISE (Reuters) - The United States will not cut America\u0027s fleet of 11 aircraft carriers to help trim the budget deficit, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said on Saturday, citing tensions with Iran as an example of why the massive ships are so critical to national security. Panetta was addressing about …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Bombs killed at least 14 prisoners in a Syrian security vehicle on Saturday, and fierce battles erupted between rebels and state forces as the Arab League considered whether to keep monitors in place. The League looks set to extend its monitoring mission in Syria, given the lack of any Arab or world consensus …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An appeals court has dismissed a lawsuit by the financial industry challenging new federal regulations aimed at cracking down on speculation in commodities markets, a move that will likely delay a decision over whether the rules pass muster. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association …Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsCaptured before the digital age. More »Kodak moments\u0027Lazarus\u0027 Newt set for victory after K.O.’ing John King. More »What frontrunner?Seattle landmark turned into ski jump 1:53It\u0027s neighbor helping neighbor during Fall … 1:49JBLM serviceman, fiance battle storm to tie … 1:51Family-owned Covington store refuses to close … 2:06Croatia clashes ahead of EU vote ReutersBenghazi protesters storm government HQ ReutersPredictions for the Dragon lunar year AFPH 43°L 35°FairH 6°L 2°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"South Carolina primary in photosBlues singer Etta James dies at 73Parents reveal child\u0027s genderOnly atheists should hold public office?Share: Tiny baby to head homeAmazing animal migrations","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedNewt Gingrich turns GOP race upside downGingrich wins South Carolina Republican primaryRomney rips into Gingrich (without uttering his name) in speechSeattle News Change locationLatest VideosOn This SiteAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYSouth CarolinaMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Newt Gingrich’s South Carolina speech: I’ll be the best ‘paycheck president in American history’Mitt Romney’s South Carolina speech: Obama ‘has divided the nation’Ron Paul’s South Carolina speech: fourth-place finish shows ‘steady growth’Breaking News from ABC NewsKodak momentsWhat frontrunner?Editors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 22 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 22 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB222011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":51,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
