{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney coasted to a first-place finish in Florida\u0027s primary Tuesday, laying claim to all of the state\u0027s 50 delegates in the significant winner-take-all contest. More »Mitt Romney easily clinches Florida primary winMore »Romney claims electability mantle with Fla. victoryMore »Have Gingrich and Romney forgotten Obama?Women abandoned Newt Gingrich in droves Tuesday and helped fuel former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney\u0027s triumph in Florida\u0027s Republican presidential primary. More »Women abandon Gingrich, fuel Romney winWomen abandoned Newt Gingrich in droves Tuesday and helped fuel former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney\u0027s triumph in Florida\u0027s Republican presidential primary.A spokesman for Ron Paul\u0027s presidential campaign released a statement Tuesday in response to a Yahoo News story describing an altercation between Eddie Dillard, a Paul supporter, and a Gingrich private security officer earlier … More »Paul campaign calls for Gingrich apologyA spokesman for Ron Paul\u0027s presidential campaign released a statement Tuesday in response to a Yahoo News story describing an altercation between Eddie Dillard, a Paul supporter, and a Gingrich private security officer earlier that day.President Barack Obama says the upcoming presidential election isn\u0027t an abstract fight — it\u0027s about whether people will be able to find a good job with a living wage and get health care for their families. More »Obama scoops up big money from donorsPresident Barack Obama says the upcoming presidential election isn\u0027t an abstract fight — it\u0027s about whether people will be able to find a good job with a living wage and get health care for their families.Although the housing crisis has hurt many Americans across the country for much of the past decade, voters who have thus far participated in the 2012 Republican primary hail from states where housing is relatively secure … More »Housing policy enters presidential race in FloridaAlthough the housing crisis has hurt many Americans across the country for much of the past decade, voters who have thus far participated in the 2012 Republican primary hail from states where housing is relatively secure.(Reuters) - U.S. authorities are preparing to charge four former Credit Suisse Group AG employees with criminal and civil fraud related to write-downs on subprime mortgage derivatives at the height of the financial crisis, sources familiar with the matter said. Credit Suisse will not be charged in the matter, which is being …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is headed for a fourth straight year with a $1 trillion-plus budget deficit, congressional forecasters said on Tuesday, giving Republicans ammunition to hammer President Barack Obama\u0027s spending record in November\u0027s elections. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said the …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Home prices fell more steeply than expected in November, and consumers turned less optimistic in January, highlighting the hurdles still facing the bumpy economic recovery. After accelerating at its fastest pace in 1-1/2 years at the end of 2011, the U.S. economy is expected slow in early 2012. The …ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece must make \"difficult\" decisions in the coming days to clinch a debt swap agreement and a 130 billion euro bailout package needed to avoid an unruly default, the government said on Tuesday. Near-bankrupt Greece is struggling to convince skeptical lenders it can ram through spending cuts and labor …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will soon get regular, albeit incomplete, reports on how oil markets are coping ahead of broader sanctions on Iran that could help him justify easing off sanctions to prevent a politically damaging jump in crude prices. Under the latest Iranian sanctions signed into law late …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran is feeling the bite from economic sanctions imposed over its nuclear program, which is capable of producing a weapon although Iranian leaders have not yet decided to do so, top intelligence chiefs told Congress on Tuesday. \"The sanctions have been biting much, much more literally in recent weeks …UNITED NATIONS/AMMAN (Reuters) - Arab and Western states urged the U.N. Security Council to act swiftly on a resolution calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step aside as his forces reasserted control of Damascus suburbs on Tuesday after beating back rebels at the gates of the capital. The comments appeared designed …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran is feeling the bite from economic sanctions imposed over its nuclear program, which is capable of producing a weapon although Iranian leaders have not yet decided to do so, top U.S. intelligence chiefs told Congress on Tuesday. \"The sanctions have been biting much, much more literally in recent …UNITED NATIONS/AMMAN (Reuters) - Arab and Western states urged the U.N. Security Council to act swiftly on a resolution calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step aside as his government\u0027s forces reasserted control of Damascus suburbs on Tuesday after beating back rebels at the gates of the capital. The comments …(Reuters) - U.S. authorities are preparing to charge former Credit Suisse Group AG employees with criminal and civil fraud related to write-downs on subprime mortgage derivatives at the height of the financial crisis, sources familiar with the matter said. Credit Suisse will not be charged in the matter, which is being …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc warned of a possible operating loss in the first quarter following a sharp drop in fourth-quarter profit, a sign that the online retailer is continuing to spend heavily on expansion and new ventures at the expense of shorter-term profits. Shares of the company fell more than 9 percent. …ORLANDO/TAMPA, Florida (Reuters) - Anticipating victory in Florida\u0027s game-changing Republican presidential primary on Tuesday, Mitt Romney looked ahead while his struggling rival Newt Gingrich vowed to press on with his White House quest. Florida is the largest nominating contest so far this year and, with double-digit …LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc has hired Dixons Chief Executive John Browett, who revived the British electronics retailer by emphasizing customer service, to lead the iPad maker\u0027s global retail expansion. Apple chief Tim Cook, making his first high-profile hire since taking the helm of the world\u0027s largest technology …Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Inside one of Brooklyn’s most dangerous neighborhoods. More »BrownsvillePeninsula Park Ranger Uses Stun Gun On Man … 2:11Richmond Cop’s Controversial Tweet … 1:43Devil’s Slide Bypass Nears Complet … 1:40Cement Poured At Devil\u0027s Slide As Project … 1:26Workers restoring historic Czech villa APRomney takes Florida, momentum APThe need for affordable rental housing CBC.caH 58°L 49°Mostly CloudyH 14°L 9°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"They quit their jobs, made millionsWorld\u0027s most expensive planeShipwreck in Baltic Sea? A UFO?Baboons terrorize Africa touristsOccupy DC defies eviction orderCould you last 90 days without email?","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedMitt Romney easily clinches Florida primary winRomney claims electability mantle with Fla. victoryHave Gingrich and Romney forgotten Obama?San Francisco News Change locationLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"WATCH LIVE:YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYFloridaMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Mitt Romney easily clinches Florida primary winDiscuss the Florida primary results with Matt Bai, Jeff Greenfield, GQ, Yahoo News \u0026 ABC NewsThe foot: Paul campaign calls on Gingrich to apologize for altercation with Paul supporterBreaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012BrownsvilleEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 1 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 1 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR12011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":48,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
