{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"As the remnants of Hurricane Isaac pushed their way up the Mississippi valley on Saturday, spinning off severe thunderstorms …A senior Obama administration political appoi…SIOUX CITY, Iowa — President Obama received a…Hal David, the stylish, heartfelt lyricist who teamed with Burt Bacharach on dozens of timeless songs for movies, television and a variety of recording artists in the … More »TEHRAN, Iran - Iran\u0027s sole operational nuclear power reactor has reached full capacity, a senior official said Saturday. More »In a tough Philadelphia neighborhood where an off-duty police officer was shot to death last month, a mother is afraid to walk to the corner store with her two children. … More »Tapping into an outpouring of public interest, the White House on Saturday made its beer recipes public — giving hope to any Americans interested in having a hair of … More »COLUMBUS — Paul Ryan is an athlete, no question about it — we know he does the rigorous P90X exercise regime daily. But is he a marathoner? On Hugh Hewitt’s radio show … More »ROME (Reuters) - The former archbishop of Milan and papal candidate Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini said the Catholic Church was \"200 years out of date\" in his final interview before his death, published on Saturday. Martini, once favoured by Vatican progressives to succeed Pope John Paul II and a prominent voice in the church until his death at the age of 85 on Friday, gave a scathing portrayal of a pompous and bureaucratic church failing to move with the times. ...Graduates from the St. Martinville, La., Senior High School Class of 1973 decided that after nearly 40 years, they would stop holding segregated class reunions, but a letter announcing the change included an after party for “white graduates only.” Michael Kreamer, who is the principal...MIAMI (Reuters) - Twenty-two short-finned pilot whales beached themselves along Florida\u0027s Atlantic coast on Saturday, and 17 died despite a day-long effort to save them, authorities said. Five calves and juveniles were rescued and taken to a nearby rehabilitation center, according to Carli Segelson of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. She said the others, males and females, died of natural causes or were euthanized. The creatures, which are the biggest in the dolphin family after …The federal abuse-of-power investigation into America\u0027s self-proclaimed toughest sheriff may have been closed without criminal charges but Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio\u0027s legal troubles are far from over.President Barack Obama, in Iowa to kick off a campaign swing, mockingly charged Saturday that the just-concluded Republican convention had showcased policies \"better suited for the last century.\" \"You might as well have watched it on a black and white TV,\" Obama told a cheering crowd of thousands in Urbandale, outside Des Moines. [...]Tapping into an outpouring of public interest, the White House on Saturday made its beer recipes public — giving hope to any Americans interested in having a hair of … More »CINCINNATI—Headlining a rally on the opening day of the college football season, Mitt Romney sprinkled his stump speech Saturday with sports analogies, arguing it\u0027s time … More »In just 24 hours, one man\u0027s online petition convinced the National Geographic Channel to rethink its plans to include a big-game hunter on a new show set to debut this … More »Students at University of Maryland are using pedal power to break a human-powered helicopter record (but hopefully to break nothing else). As surfaced by the blog Popsci, … More »The Charlotte, N.C., skyline. (John Ashley/Flickr) It starts like a riddle: Why do people only visit Charlotte once? asks resident Tyler Graf. \"Because they usually end … More »In the daylight glow following the Republican big night, it is clear that the Romney campaign deliberately decided to leave the substance for the Friday night session of the convention. Except, of course, there is no Friday night session.NEW ORLEANS—Mitt Romney made a last-minute trip to the Gulf Coast to tour storm damage caused by Hurricane Isaac. The Republican nominee was invited to the region by Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, who joined him on a tour of Jean Lafitte, La., which was hit by severe flooding as the hurricane made landfall. Emergency crews [...]Governor Romney and President Obama haven\u0027t been shy about blasting the other\u0027s views on immigration along the campaign trail. Both candidates clearly have strong opinions about this topic, but where do they really stand on immigration reform? President Obama supports the Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors or \u0027DREAM\u0027 act. This legislation, which has [...]With Labor Day on the horizon, millions of Americans will be enjoying hot dogs on the grill. But a Canadian company has taken the sausage-in-a-sliced-bun experience to a whole new level, creating a chocolate eclair hot dog. Maple Lodge Farms debuted the comestible at the Canada National Exhibition. And this isn\u0027t the only time that [...]Nearly 25 years after they moved into their home, an English couple has discovered a 33-foot-deep medieval well beneath their living room floor. \"I was replacing the joists in the floor when I noticed a slight depression—it appeared to be filled in with the foundations of the house,\" Colin Steer told the London Telegraph. The [...]A Nevada teen who kidnapped from her home early Friday morning and held for ransom has been found unharmed, authorities said. More »A look at the best quotes of the week. More »At Democratic convention, Obama seeks to convince voters to stick with the president they know More »Here are the roundtable\u0027s pre-show thoughts. More »Obama lampoons GOP convention, calls it throwback to era of black-and-white TV; no new ideas More »SIOUX CITY, Iowa — President Obama received a less than warm welcome and a warning upon arrival at the airport here on the second stop of his Iowa visit, which was aimed at recapturing some of the magic the state gave his run to the... More »As Isaac pushes north, power outages persist, floodwaters linger, Gulf oil rigs repopulate More »Graduates from the St. Martinville, La., Senior High School Class of 1973 decided that after nearly 40 years, they would stop holding segregated class reunions, but a letter announcing the change included an after party for “white graduates only.” Michael Kreamer, who is the principal... More »A New York teen died after he stuck his head out the top of a party bus. More »Woman\u0027s Act Of Heroism Saves Couple From … 3:08Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Brian … 2:21Cal\u0027s Newly Renovated Memorial Stadium R … 2:48Raw Video: Fast-Moving Fire Destroys 2 Homes … 7:57H 61°L 52°Partly CloudyH 16°L 11°Partly CloudyObama: \u0027GOP ideas better suited to last century\u0027Legendary songwriter Hal David dies in LA at 91Romney: \"Time to get a new coach\"Obama begins road to conventionAre you on Facebook? Join our page for top stories! More »The official account of Yahoo! News. 100% feed-free tweets by news fans for news fans! More »","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Breaking NewsLegendary songwriter Hal David dies in L.A. at 91Iran says reactor at Bushehr nuclear plant at full capacityUrban voters seek more campaign talk of gun crimeWhite House releases beer recipes: \u0027Ale to the Chief\u0027Paul Ryan trips over marathon questionCardinal says Catholic Church \u0027200 years out of date\u0027Class reunion letter lists \u0027white graduates only\u0027 partyPilot whales come ashore in Florida, 17 deadDecision not to charge Ariz. sheriff isn\u0027t the endObama: GOP ideas better suited for the last centuryWhite House releases beer recipes: ‘Ale to the Chief’Romney likens the election to football: ‘It’s time to get a new coach’National Geographic Channel removes ‘hardcore huntress’ from show after online protest …Up in the air with a human-powered helicopterCharlotte’s pride: Best spots for visitors during the Democratic National Conven …Romney’s low calorie speech: Long on fluff, short on substanceRomney views Hurricane Isaac damage in LouisianaHow Romney, Obama Differ on Immigration Reform: ‘Just Explain It’Behold, the chocolate eclair hot dogMedieval well discovered beneath couple’s living roomAbducted Nev. Teen Found UnharmedIn Cities, Gun Control Not a Forgotten Issue\u0027I Got Mr. Obama Sitting Here...\u0027Obama to Try to Make Case for Sticking With Him\u0027This Week\u0027 Extra: The Roundtable\u0027s Pre-Show ThoughtsFiery Obama Embarks on March to the Dem ConventionIowans\u0027 Message to Obama: \u0027We Did Build This\u0027Soggy La. Slowly Recovers From IsaacClass Reunion Letter Lists \u0027White Graduates Only\u0027 PartyTeen Dies Sticking Head Out Party Bus3 Things You Need to Know about Eating ProteinIs Eastwooding the Next Planking Internet Meme?$337 Million Powerball Winner Told Whole Family to RetireWhat They\u0027re Saying About Mitt Romney\u0027s Big SpeechUS, Israel responsible for Syria conflict: IranTop Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedHurricane aftermath: Gulf Coast slowly recovers as Isaac pushes northICE chief of staff resigns amid misconduct claimsIowans greet Obama at airport with less-than-flattering bannerSan Francisco NewsLatest VideoYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Breaking News Visit Yahoo! News for the latest.The Sideshow »THE TICKET »Science »Technology »News For You »Local Weather »Follow Yahoo! News",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYYou on Yahoo! NewsSan Francisco, CA  Top Stories on FacebookFollow @ Yahoo! News on Twitter","h5":"","h6":"INSIDE YAHOO! NEWS","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 2 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 2 2011 2012 2013AUG SEP OCT22011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":7,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
