{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"No delegates were at stake on Tuesday night, but Rick Santorum scored two big victories nonetheless by winning Minnesota\u0027s Republican caucuses and Missouri\u0027s Republican primary. \"Wow!\" Santorum said when he took the stage at his victory party in St. Charles, Missouri. \"Conservatism맨 More먙Santorum wins Minnesota caucusesCENTENNIAL, Colo.듕ith a few exceptions in South Carolina, Mitt Romney has generally맨 More먙Romney makes appeal to values votersCapitalizing on electoral victories among female Republicans since 2010, a era that former맨 More먙GOP women get their own super PACSAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An appeals court on Tuesday found California\u0027s gay marriage ban unconstitutional in a case that may lead to a showdown in the Supreme Court. Supporters of the ban said they would appeal the judgment,맨 More먙Court overturns California gay marriage ban, appeal plannedSAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An appeals court on Tuesday found California\u0027s gay marriage ban unconstitutional in a case that may lead to a showdown in the Supreme Court. Supporters of the ban said they would appeal the judgment, calling it \"out of step with every other federal appellate and Supreme Court decision.\" Their appeal맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite his strong showing in early state contests in the race for the Republican U.S. presidential nomination, Mitt Romney\u0027s support nationwide has dipped slightly during the past month, according맨 More먙Romney\u0027s lead dips despite wins: pollWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite his strong showing in early state contests in the race for the Republican U.S. presidential nomination, Mitt Romney\u0027s support nationwide has dipped slightly during the past month, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday. Romney was backed by 29 percent of Republican voters in맨AMMAN (Reuters) - Armored forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad thrust deeper into the central city of Homs on Wednesday, firing rockets and mortar rounds to subdue opposition districts, activists said, a day after Russia맨 More먙Attacks in Syria\u0027s Homs resume after Russian peace forayAMMAN (Reuters) - Armored forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad thrust deeper into the central city of Homs on Wednesday, firing rockets and mortar rounds to subdue opposition districts, activists said, a day after Russia said Assad wants peace. Tanks entered the Inshaat neighborhood and moved closer to Bab Amro district,맨ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek parties will try yet again on Wednesday to strike a reform deal in return for a new international rescue to avoid a chaotic default, after a string of delays which have prompted some EU leaders to맨 More먙Greeks seek elusive bailout deal as EU tempers frayATHENS (Reuters) - Greek parties will try yet again on Wednesday to strike a reform deal in return for a new international rescue to avoid a chaotic default, after a string of delays which have prompted some EU leaders to warn that the euro zone can live without Athens. As one deadline after another has come and gone, leaders맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Tuesday warned Congress that putting off a decision on the fate of expiring Bush administration tax cuts could unsettle businesses and households, undercutting맨 More먙Bernanke urges Congress to address Bush tax cutsWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Tuesday warned Congress that putting off a decision on the fate of expiring Bush administration tax cuts could unsettle businesses and households, undercutting the U.S. economic recovery. With presidential and congressional elections looming in November, many맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A plan to fast-track the stalled Keystone XL oil pipeline was passed by a key committee in the House of Representatives, as Republicans made yet another attempt to spur approval of the project that has become a major issue in the 2012 elections. The bill would wrest decision-making on the pipeline맨(Reuters) - The chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission is eyeing two potential plans to bolster the stability of money market funds, but their fate remains uncertain due to internal disagreement at the SEC over the need for more regulations. Last month, agency staff circulated early drafts for either a capital맨(Reuters) - Dr. Joe Casillas, an obstetrician in Southern California, routinely prescribes birth control for his patients. Though he\u0027s a practicing Catholic, he doesn\u0027t follow his church\u0027s stern warning that contraception is a sin. He believes women should have access. Yet Casillas was dismayed when the Obama administration맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Senator Rick Santorum defeated front-runner Mitt Romney in the non-binding Republican presidential primary in Missouri, one of three states holding presidential nominating contests on Tuesday. Santorum had about 55 percent of the vote while Romney - who has won three of the first five nominating맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior executive of breast cancer charity Susan G. Komen for the Cure resigned on Tuesday, a week after the group became the target of a public furor for cutting funding to women\u0027s health organization, Planned Parenthood. Karen Handel, a Republican who once ran for governor of Georgia on a platform맨Same-sex marriage moved one step closer to the Supreme Court on Tuesday when a federal appeals court ruled California\u0027s ban unconstitutional, saying it serves no purpose other than to \"lessen the status and human dignity\" of gays.A resurgent Rick Santorum won Minnesota\u0027s Republican caucuses with ease Tuesday night, relegating front-runner Mitt Romney to a distant third-place finish that raised fresh questions about his ability to attract ardent conservatives at the core of the GOP political base.Political turmoil over abortion and birth control spread suddenly on Tuesday. A high-ranking official resigned from the Komen breast-cancer charity after its backtracking treaty with Planned Parenthood, and Republican presidential candidates blistered the Obama administration for a recent ruling on Catholic hospitals and맨Days after blocking a U.S.-backed peace plan at the U.N., senior Russian officials pushed for reforms Tuesday during an emergency meeting with Syrian President Bashar Assad, promoting a settlement to end the uprising without removing him from power.Prosecutors have decided not to pursue charges against the police commissioner\u0027s son following a woman\u0027s claim that he raped her.Prosecutors asked Tuesday to have Jerry Sandusky kept indoors as part of his bail conditions, citing complaints that the former Penn State assistant football coach was seen outside and watching children in a schoolyard from the back porch of his home, where he remains under house arrest while awaiting trial on child molestation맨It was just last summer that the Dow Jones industrial average shed 2,000 points in three terrifying weeks. Investors had a host of things to worry about, including the possibility of another recession.Bread and rolls are the No. 1 source of salt in the American diet, accounting for more than twice as much sodium as salty junk food like potato chips.After what felt like an eternity but was actually just a few minutes, Frederic Prinz von Anhalt emerged from a white door into the foyer of the old-fashioned Bel-Air mansion that he shares with his wife of 25 years, former glamour queen Zsa Zsa Gabor.Thousands of fans roared as New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning hoisted the team\u0027s Super Bowl trophy awarded to the National Football League champions, from a glittering blue-and-white float Tuesday during a victory parade through New York City, which Mayor Michael Bloomberg quipped should now be nicknamed the \"Big맨Helmet Camera Captures Dramatic East Bay맨 2:02Off-Duty Customs Agent Hospitalized After맨 2:03Hacker Group Posts Addresses Of Top Oakland맨 2:09Federal Agent Hospitalized After Newark 맨 2:29Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More먙Destination 2012The time for Syrian democratic reforms has come. More먙RussiaFloods hit Perumusic coalitionAir Marshals Come Forward on MisconductTaxpayers may be forced to pay Michael Lohan\u0027s medical billsH 60L 49CloudyH 16L 9CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Prop. 8 declared unconstitutionalNYC throws parade for the GiantsAre the French the new Tiger Moms?Giant whale shark washes ashoreThe origins of \u0027shampoo\u0027Liquid Drop Art","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedSantorum wins Minnesota caucusesRomney makes appeal to values votersGOP women get their own super PACSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"LIVE VIDEOYOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMinnesotaColoradoFeatured BlogsU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥱eaturedLocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Santorum wins Minnesota caucuses \u0026 delegate-less primary in Missouri; votes being counted in ColoradoSantorum surging in Minnesota, but Romney뇹 biggest worry is now ObamaEditors\u0027 PicksBreaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012RussiaSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 8 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 8 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR82011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":23,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
