{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The six candidates will square off Saturday night in Manchester at an ABC News/Yahoo! News/WMUR debate that has the potential to be the most explosive one yet. More »Republican candidates ready to rumble in key N.H. debateDERRY, New Hampshire—Mitt Romney attracted his biggest crowd on the campaign trail in … More »In N.H., Romney follows Obama’s ’08 trailMANCHESTER, N.H. — Saint Anselm College is still on winter break, and most of the campus … More »Student stand-ins resemble real thingMANCHESTER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - The knives will come out at back-to-back debates this weekend as Republican presidential hopefuls frantically jockey for position days before New Hampshire\u0027s key primary. Debates are … More »Republicans sharpen knives for dual debatesMANCHESTER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - The knives will come out at back-to-back debates this weekend as Republican presidential hopefuls frantically jockey for position days before New Hampshire\u0027s key primary. Debates are once again the main show in the 2012 race after candidates spent two weeks on the road campaigning in …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. taxpayers owe an estimated $385 billion in unpaid taxes for 2006, up about a third from the \"tax gap\" five years before, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) said. Despite the wider shortfall between … More »Taxpayers owe $385 billion in 2006 taxes: IRSWASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. taxpayers owe an estimated $385 billion in unpaid taxes for 2006, up about a third from the \"tax gap\" five years before, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) said. Despite the wider shortfall between 2001 and 2006, voluntary compliance remained steady at about 83 percent for both years, the agency …FRANKFURT (Reuters) - European Central Bank policymaker Athanasios Orphanides called for euro zone leaders to abandon plans to make private sector investors help reduce Greece\u0027s debts, but his push showed no sign of gaining … More »ECB policymaker wants banks off Greece bailout hookFRANKFURT (Reuters) - European Central Bank policymaker Athanasios Orphanides called for euro zone leaders to abandon plans to make private sector investors help reduce Greece\u0027s debts, but his push showed no sign of gaining any traction in Europe\u0027s capitals on Friday. Orphanides, who is also the central bank governor of …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama kicked off an effort to encourage businesses to keep jobs at home instead of outsourcing them overseas, as he rolled out a new election-year theme on Saturday aimed at courting … More »Obama to businesses: Bring jobs homeWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama kicked off an effort to encourage businesses to keep jobs at home instead of outsourcing them overseas, as he rolled out a new election-year theme on Saturday aimed at courting middle-class voters. In his weekly radio and video address, Obama previewed an event he will hold …BEIRUT (Reuters) - Crowds waving Syrian flags and pictures of President Bashar al-Assad gathered Saturday to bury 26 people who the authorities said were killed by a suicide bomber at a busy Damascus crossroads. The opposition Syrian National Council has accused the government of staging Friday\u0027s explosion to try to bolster …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran launched a military maneuver near its border with Afghanistan on Saturday, the semi-official Fars news agency reported, days after naval exercises in the Gulf increased tensions with the West and pushed up oil prices. Mohammad Pakpour, commander of the Revolutionary Guards\u0027 ground forces, said the …CHICAGO (Reuters) - The World Bank will recommend reforms to China\u0027s domestic financial system as part of broader proposals to help wean the country from a dependence on exports to sustain economic growth, World Bank President Robert Zoellick said on Saturday. Those changes could have the benefit of increasing confidence …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment growth accelerated last month and the jobless rate dropped to a near three-year low of 8.5 percent, the strongest evidence yet the economic recovery is gaining steam. Nonfarm payrolls increased 200,000 in December, the Labor Department said on Friday. It was the biggest rise in three …(Reuters) - A wrongful death lawsuit linked to a defining moment of the Iraq war has ended with the company formerly known as Blackwater agreeing to settle with the families of four security contractors killed in a gruesome 2004 ambush. The victims\u0027 survivors reached a confidential settlement with the company\u0027s successor, …STATE COLLEGE, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - Penn State University introduced new football head coach Bill O\u0027Brien on Saturday as the successor to Hall of Famer Joe Paterno, who was fired amid a child sex abuse scandal. O\u0027Brien, 42, has been offensive coordinator for the New England Patriots since last year after two seasons …Mitt Romney\u0027s rivals hoped to seize on back-to-back debates this weekend to knock the front-runner off stride and gain momentum heading into Tuesday\u0027s New Hampshire primary and upcoming contests later this month in the South.Unemployment is higher than it\u0027s been going into any election year since World War II.The signals are strong. One year after being shot in the head, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is on a mission to return to the job she so clearly loved.Afghan investigators accused the American military Saturday of abusing detainees at its main prison in the country, bolstering calls by President Hamid Karzai for the U.S. to turn over control of the facility and complicating talks about America\u0027s future role in Afghanistan.Mitt Romney\u0027s biggest fear heading into Tuesday\u0027s New Hampshire primary is voter complacency, not Republican rivals Newt Gingrich or Rick Santorum in a contest seen as his for the taking.The No Child Left Behind education law was cast as a symbol of possibility, offering the promise of improved schools for the nation\u0027s poor and minority children and better prepared students in a competitive world.Two Hawaiian monk seals were found bludgeoned to death on a remote coast of Molokai — one was killed in mid-November and the other shortly before Christmas. Earlier this month, a dead seal showed up on Kauai. A fourth possible killing on Molokai is also under investigation.7 reasons to retweet. About this blog »Why Ron Paul, graybeard of GOP race, lights up the youth vote. More »Election 2012Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsLawyers say material \"obtained criminally.\" More »Casey Anthony photos leaked online911 tapes released from Mt. Rainier ranger … 2:32Level 3 sex offenders enrolled in UW cla … 2:22Fire bomb at Seattle bank failed to igni … 2:33Orcas swimming off Alki Point 5:03Iran Announces New Round of Naval Exercises in Persian GulfTexas Teenager Deported to Columbia Returns to U.S.Back to school in LibyaTexas teen deported to Colombia back homeH 45°L 40°CloudyH 7°L 4°CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Top endangered speciesBest, worst U.S. airlinesShare: The Friday Photo on FacebookJoan of Arc\u0027s 600th anniversaryBanished WordsFamous paintings as photographs","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedRepublican candidates ready to rumble in key N.H. debateIn N.H., Romney follows Obama’s ’08 trailStudent stand-ins resemble real thingSeattle News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"In New Hampshire, Romney follows Obama’s ’08 trailIn debate prep, student stand-ins for candidates resemble real thingGingrich’s latest Romney slam: He taxed the blindThe power of retweetingElection 2012Breaking News from ABC NewsCasey Anthony photos leaked onlineEditors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 7 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 7 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB72011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":16,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
