{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The New York Police Department monitored Muslim college students far more broadly than previously known, at schools far beyond the city limits, including the elite Ivy League colleges of Yale and the University of Pennsylvania, The Associated Press has learned. More »NYPD monitored Muslim students all over NortheastAfter all the testimonials from relatives and friends, the songs from legends and pop … More »Whitney Houston\u0027s voice soars at hometown funeralRomney’s dog-on-roof story becomes target More »Romney’s dog-on-roof story becomes targetCOLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum challenged President Barack Obama\u0027s Christian beliefs on Saturday, saying White House policies were motivated by a \"different theology.\" A devout … More »Santorum says Obama agenda not \"based on Bible\"COLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum challenged President Barack Obama\u0027s Christian beliefs on Saturday, saying White House policies were motivated by a \"different theology.\" A devout Roman Catholic who has risen to the top of Republican polls in recent days, Santorum said the Obama …ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece\u0027s cabinet on Saturday approved a final set of austerity measures sought by the EU and IMF as a condition for a 130-billion euro ($171 billion) rescue package, raising the chances of a deal next week … More »Greek cabinet backs extra austerity measuresATHENS (Reuters) - Greece\u0027s cabinet on Saturday approved a final set of austerity measures sought by the EU and IMF as a condition for a 130-billion euro ($171 billion) rescue package, raising the chances of a deal next week to avert a chaotic default on its debt. The approval was largely a formality after Athens last week …AMMAN/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian security forces have fired on a huge protest against President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, opposition activists said, shortly after a Chinese envoy appealed for a halt to 11 months of violence. … More »Syrian forces fire on anti-Assad crowd in capitalAMMAN/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian security forces have fired on a huge protest against President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, opposition activists said, shortly after a Chinese envoy appealed for a halt to 11 months of violence. The shooting took place Saturday at the funerals of three youths killed a day earlier in an anti-Assad …ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerian security forces have found a large cache of weapons, including shoulder-fired missiles, which they believe were smuggled in from neighboring Libya, a security source briefed on the discovery told … More »Exclusive: Algeria seizes missiles smuggled from Libya: sourceALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerian security forces have found a large cache of weapons, including shoulder-fired missiles, which they believe were smuggled in from neighboring Libya, a security source briefed on the discovery told Reuters on Saturday. The find follows warnings from governments in the region that instability in …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people demonstrated in cities across Russia in support of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Saturday in a show of force two weeks before a March 4 presidential election that is expected … More »Thousands rally for Putin before Russian electionMOSCOW (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people demonstrated in cities across Russia in support of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Saturday in a show of force two weeks before a March 4 presidential election that is expected to return him to the Kremlin. The rallies began in the Pacific coast port of Vladivostok and culminated …NEWARK, New Jersey (Reuters) - Stars, family and friends mourned Whitney Houston in a spirited Baptist funeral service at her hometown church on Saturday, a week after the death of the singer whose spectacular voice made her one of the biggest pop stars of her era. Gospel and soul music greats, celebrities and family members …LILLE, France (Reuters) - Former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn is to be questioned next week by police investigating an alleged prostitution ring in Lille, northern France, a police source said. The former finance minister, who left the International Monetary Fund (IMF) last May to face attempted rape charges in New …REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland\u0027s Financial Surveillance Authority (FME) said on Saturday it had sacked director Gunnar Andersen following a report into his time as an executive at failed bank Landsbanki. The FME said the report showed that, in a response to a request by the FME in 2001 for information on Landsbanki\u0027s international …LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - China\u0027s leader-in-waiting Xi Jinping on Friday swiped away fears that his country\u0027s economic growth could stumble, and turned to courting American companies, film-makers and governors hungry for a slice of that growth on the final day of his U.S. visit. At the end of Vice President Xi\u0027s five-day …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congress ended a three-month battle on Friday by passing legislation to extend a tax cut for 160 million workers, a boon for both the economy and Democratic President Barack Obama in this election year. The outcome for Republicans and House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner is far more murky. …Iran is poised to greatly expand uranium enrichment at a fortified underground bunker to a point that would boost how quickly it could make nuclear warheads, diplomats tell The Associated Press.Syrian security forces fired live rounds and tear gas Saturday at thousands of people marching in a funeral procession that turned into one of the largest protests in Damascus since the 11-month uprising against President Bashar Assad began.A resurgent Rick Santorum hopes to spring his next big surprise in Michigan. Newt Gingrich looks for a campaign revival in the Bible Belt. Mitt Romney has his home state of Massachusetts, and the luxury of picking his spots elsewhere, if not everywhere, as the race for the Republican presidential nomination roars back to …Within the last week, authorities say, Amine El Khalifi\u0027s plan to wreak havoc was proceeding as hoped: An al-Qaida associate handed him an automatic weapon to kill security officers inside the U.S. Capitol. A bomb-laden vest would detonate the building. He would die as a martyr.Jose Enrique Guevara woke up to screams and a flash of heat from the fire about to engulf his prison bunk bed.An Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent accused of shooting a supervisor died after an \"intense\" struggle for his gun with a colleague who burst into the office after he heard shots fired, an official said Saturday.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhat would happen if Iran had the bomb? More »A regional arms race?Iran and al Qaeda’s shadowy relationship could firm up this spring. More »Will Iran and al Qaeda team up?HealthWatch: Foods To Give You A Brighter … 1:40Scientists Alarmed By Growing Number Of Shark … 1:25Man Takes Newborn Baby From Castro Valley … 2:19Man Takes Newborn Baby From Castro Valley … 1:53Whitney Houston remembered at hometown funeralShipwreck captain tests \u0027clear\u0027Man survives two months in carHouston voice soars at NJ hometown funeralH 60°L 43°Partly CloudyH 16°L 6°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Syrian troops attack rebelsHow can a fake disease spread?Share: Mountain man stirs fear in UtahSnapshots of the weekBasketball fan\u0027s sign storms the WebPekingese takes Westminster top prize","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedNYPD monitored Muslim students all over NortheastWhitney Houston\u0027s voice soars at hometown funeralRomney’s dog-on-roof story becomes targetSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"As concerns over Iran’s nuclear program escalate, Obama sends national security adviser to IsraelVodka company follows up anti-Semitic billboard with one denigrating womenBreaking News from ABC NewsA regional arms race?Will Iran and al Qaeda team up?Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 19 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 19 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR192011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":35,"second":37},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
