{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"President Obama warned in his State of the Union address Tuesday that the nation\u0027s middle class is at risk because of growing economic inequality, and argued that the government must do more to preserve the basic American dream. More »Obama warns of economic inequalityWASHINGTON -- President Obama may have delivered the big speech on Tuesday night. But … More »SOTU brings emotional, bipartisan farewell to Gabrielle GiffordsABC News’ Huma Khan reports: Fact Check 1 - Obama’s Plan for Foreclosures Fact or Fiction … More »State of the Union: Fact checking the presidentWe followed your reactions online to Tuesday\u0027s State of the Union address by President Barack Obama. On Twitter, you were talking about the women in the room--Gabrielle Giffords was the top trending topic on Twitter at the … More »63% of Y! audience say Obama made case for 2nd termWe followed your reactions online to Tuesday\u0027s State of the Union address by President Barack Obama. On Twitter, you were talking about the women in the room--Gabrielle Giffords was the top trending topic on Twitter at the start of the speech after her touching embrace with the president, and Hillary Clinton and the phrase …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama used his last State of the Union speech before the November election to paint himself as the champion of the middle class, by demanding higher taxes for millionaires and … More »Obama hits rich on taxes in State of the UnionWASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama used his last State of the Union speech before the November election to paint himself as the champion of the middle class, by demanding higher taxes for millionaires and tight reins on Wall Street. Taking advantage of the huge national platform of his annual speech to Congress, …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc\u0027s quarterly results blew past Wall Street\u0027s expectations after U.S. consumers snapped up near-unprecedented numbers of iPhones and iPads, sending its shares up 8 percent into record territory. … More »Apple returns to form, blows Street targets awaySAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc\u0027s quarterly results blew past Wall Street\u0027s expectations after U.S. consumers snapped up near-unprecedented numbers of iPhones and iPads, sending its shares up 8 percent into record territory. The world\u0027s most valuable technology corporation returned to form after a rare miss in the previous …TAMPA, Florida (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, coming off one of his most subdued debate performances of the campaign, signaled on Tuesday he may skip future debates unless his supporters are … More »Gingrich wants to hear his debate fans roarTAMPA, Florida (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, coming off one of his most subdued debate performances of the campaign, signaled on Tuesday he may skip future debates unless his supporters are given full license to clap, cheer and roar. Gingrich complained that NBC News moderator Brian Williams …TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan logged its first annual trade deficit in more than 30 years in 2011, calling into question how much longer the country can fund its huge public debt without relying on fickle foreign investors. The aftermath of the March earthquake raised fuel import costs while slowing global growth and the yen\u0027s …CAMP PENDLETON, Calif (Reuters) - A U.S. Marine accused of leading a 2005 massacre of 24 civilians in the Iraqi city of Haditha was spared jail time when he was sentenced on Tuesday for his role in killings that brought international condemnation on U.S. troops. The harshest penalty Staff Sergeant Frank Wuterich, 31, now …(Reuters) - Yahoo Inc Chief Executive Scott Thompson said reviving the company\u0027s flagging display advertising business was his \"highest priority,\" even as he crafts a broader plan to bring the struggling Internet company back to fighting form. \"There\u0027s no question that we need to do better,\" said Thompson on his first quarterly …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon will unveil a five-year budget proposal this week that begins to implement $487 billion in spending cuts over the next decade by trimming the size of the military and canceling or scaling back some weapons programs. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta will preview a budget request for the …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Europe\u0027s debt crisis could tip the world economy into recession and a bigger firewall is urgently needed to keep the damage from spreading, the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday. The IMF chopped its estimate for 2012 global growth to 3.3 percent from 4 percent just three months ago and warned …ZURICH/ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece\u0027s private creditors pleaded on Tuesday with European officials who rejected their bond swap offer to hammer together a deal before Athens tumbles into a chaotic default. Athens\u0027 hopes for a swift deal with lenders were evaporating after euro zone ministers on Monday rejected creditors\u0027 demand …TAMPA, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. presidential candidate Mitt Romney bowed to political pressure and gave the public a glimpse inside his personal fortune on Tuesday, releasing U.S. tax returns showing he pays a lower effective tax rate than many top wage-earners. Unlike Americans who rely on a paycheck, …Declaring the American dream under siege, President Barack Obama delivered a populist challenge Tuesday night to shrink the gap between rich and poor, promising to tax the wealthy more and help jobless Americans get work and hang onto their homes. Seeking re-election and needing results, the president invited Republicans …Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich\u0027s fight for Florida and the states beyond stayed at a high boil Tuesday as Romney released tax returns showing annual income topping $20 million — including a now-closed Swiss bank account — and Gingrich insisted his high-paid consulting work for a mortgage giant that contributed to the housing …The lone Marine convicted in his squad\u0027s killing of two dozen unarmed civilians in one of the Iraq War\u0027s defining moments escaped jail time Tuesday after defending his order to raid homes in Haditha as a necessary act \"to keep the rest of my Marines alive.\"It was a wish list, not a to-do list.Moammar Gadhafi loyalists seized control of a Libyan mountain city in the most serious challenge to the central government since the strongman\u0027s fall, underlining the increasing weakness of Libya\u0027s Western-backed rulers as they try to unify the country under their authority.A barge carrying a crane and other equipment hitched itself to the toppled Costa Concordia on Tuesday, signaling the start of preliminary operations to remove a half-million gallons of fuel from the grounded cruise ship before it leaks into the pristine Tuscan sea.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsRomney just missed having a technical knockout… More »Mitt bloodies Newt in TampaMeet the western members of the Kim Jong Il fan club. More »Korean Friendship AssociationWalmart Looks To Open 2 Grocery-Only Stores … 2:06Yoga Room To Ease Stress For SFO Passeng … 1:54Gunman Hunted In Killing Of Richmond College … 2:21Mirkarimi Meets With Mayor, Won’t Step … 2:18Egyptians mark first anniversary of protests.Egyptians mark first anniversary of protests.Oscar race counts downPres. Obama: Washington is brokenH 59°L 48°Mostly CloudyH 15°L 9°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Penn St. mourns Joe PaternoMajor solar storm hits EarthAustralian Open: Week 2The origins of M\u0026M\u0027sHockey star explains WH snub\"Life Grows On\" photo contest","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedObama warns of economic inequalitySOTU brings emotional, bipartisan farewell to Gabrielle GiffordsState of the Union: Fact checking the presidentSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosOn This SiteAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"SOTU brings emotional, bipartisan farewell to Gabrielle GiffordsYahoo! audience reacts: 63% say Obama made the case for a second termIn State of the Union address, Obama says ‘basic American promise’ is at riskBreaking News from ABC NewsMitt bloodies Newt in TampaKorean Friendship AssociationEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 25 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 25 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB252011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":36,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
