{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"For South Carolina conservatives, especially evangelical Christians, the 2012 campaign season is the year of magical rethinking. More »Evangelical dilemma: Mormon or adulterer?Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum both took a hard line on illegal immigration in Thursday\u0027s … More »Santorum, Romney take hard line on illegal immigrationGILBERT, S.C.—The scene at Harmon Tree Farm didn\u0027t feel like the usual Mitt Romney rally. … More »Rained-on Romney worries S.C. victory could be washed awayPARIS/CHARIKAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - France threatened on Friday to pull out early from the NATO-led war in Afghanistan after a rogue Afghan soldier opened fire on French soldiers, killing four and wounding about 15 others. … More »France threatens Afghan pullout after troops killedPARIS/CHARIKAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - France threatened on Friday to pull out early from the NATO-led war in Afghanistan after a rogue Afghan soldier opened fire on French soldiers, killing four and wounding about 15 others. The killings in the Taghab valley of Afghanistan\u0027s eastern Kapisa province were the latest in …ORANGEBURG, S.C. -- A defiant Newt Gingrich said he would not release documents from a congressional ethics investigation leveled against him in the 1990s, responding to a call from Mitt Romney to make the information public. … More »Gingrich to Romney on call to release ethics investigation documents: ‘Give me a break’ORANGEBURG, S.C. -- A defiant Newt Gingrich said he would not release documents from a congressional ethics investigation leveled against him in the 1990s, responding to a call from Mitt Romney to make the information public. \"I refuse to take seriously any request from the Romney campaign to disclose anything,\" Gingrich …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court handed Texas Republicans a partial victory in a partisan fight over election redistricting that has erupted after a huge increase in the state\u0027s Hispanic population. Throwing out a … More »Election map ruling may give Texas GOP an edgeWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court handed Texas Republicans a partial victory in a partisan fight over election redistricting that has erupted after a huge increase in the state\u0027s Hispanic population. Throwing out a set of election maps that favored Democrats and minorities, the justices on Friday sent the case back …Two days ago, Mitt Romney was looking at a clean sweep of the first three contests of the 2012 primary. With polls opening at 7 a.m. EST tomorrow, he\u0027s now looking at going one-for-three. First, he lost his technical 8-vote … More »Gingrich: Underdog to favorite in two daysTwo days ago, Mitt Romney was looking at a clean sweep of the first three contests of the 2012 primary. With polls opening at 7 a.m. EST tomorrow, he\u0027s now looking at going one-for-three. First, he lost his technical 8-vote victory in Iowa to Rick Santorum (though let\u0027s face it: It was a tie.) Now, [...]What else ya got? That seems to be the main question voters have for President Obama as he launches his re-election campaign in earnest. More »3 things missing from Obama\u0027s re-election campaignWhat else ya got? That seems to be the main question voters have for President Obama as he launches his re-election campaign in earnest.Etta James\u0027 performance of the enduring classic \"At Last\" was the embodiment of refined soul: Angelic-sounding strings harkened the arrival of her passionate yet measured vocals as she sang tenderly about a love finally realized after a long and patient wait.Nameless bureaucrats processing petitions to recall the governor shuffle in and out of the frame, stacking, unstacking and scanning seemingly endless piles of paper in a process carried live on an increasingly popular webcam that\u0027s so mind-numbingly boring, it\u0027s mesmerizing.New Zealand police seized a treasure trove of luxury goods from the founder of file-sharing site Megaupload.com Friday as four suspected Internet pirates wanted in the United States appeared in court.Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), chief sponsor of the “Stop Online Piracy Act” (SOPA), announced he will delay further consideration of the contentious anti-piracy bill in the House “until there is wider agreement on a solution.”PARIS/CHARIKAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - France threatened on Friday to pull out early from the NATO-led war in Afghanistan after a rogue Afghan soldier opened fire on French soldiers, killing four and wounding about 15 others. The killings in the Taghab valley of Afghanistan\u0027s eastern Kapisa province were the latest in …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Friday ruled that religiously affiliated nonprofit organizations, including hospitals and universities, will have to offer birth-control coverage to women employees but gave the organizations an extra year to comply. In a decision expected to draw opposition from religious …NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Captain Francesco Schettino hopped a life boat after the Costa Concordia hit a rock off the Tuscany coast, he violated a sacred maritime tradition: that a captain should be the last to leave his ship. He also is accused of violating the law. Italian maritime code criminalizes the act of abandoning …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc\u0027s accelerated efforts to carve out a position in the fast-growing mobile and social networking markets leapt into the spotlight Friday, a day after the giant Internet company reported a rare earnings miss. The company\u0027s investments in its Android mobile software and fledgling Facebook-like …CHARLESTON, S.C. — Don’t waste your vote on me.The victim of a gruesome Hollywood murder mystery has been identified, but investigators have not released his name yet. A decapitated head, severed hands and feet and no leads seemed to be the perfect recipe for a Hollywood who-done-it.   Except this time, Los Angeles Police Department...A Utah woman kidnapped at knifepoint at age 14 and held captive for nine months is getting married.Pledges of a Florida A\u0026M marching band club known as the Clones were punched or paddled while they played music during a hazing initiation, according to police records released Friday. Four band members were arrested in the beatings and charged with hazing.Gut feelings may trump good old-fashioned facts, and even religious beliefs, when it comes to accepting the theory of evolution, new research suggests.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsMitt Romney has signed Paul Ryan’s suicide note. More »David Frum:A senior center showdown. More »Wii bowlingManhunt Underway After Abduction Of SJ 1 … 2:1049ers Fans At Candlestick Park Warned To … 1:53Friday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:47SUV Driver Arrested On DUI In Muni Train … 1:53Around the World: Protesters, police clash in Chile\u0027Branding Obamessiah\u0027Comedian Colbert campaigns day before SC primaryEtta James dies; \"The Artist\" scoresH 60°L 52°Light RainH 16°L 11°Light RainSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Blues singer Etta James dies at 73Pacific NW snowstormParents reveal child\u0027s genderThe richest past presidentsShare: Tiny baby to head homeAmazing animal migrations","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedEvangelical dilemma: Mormon or adulterer?Santorum, Romney take hard line on illegal immigrationRained-on Romney worries S.C. victory could be washed awaySan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosOn This SiteAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"South African law would jail meteorologists for weather forecastsJFK’s hearse for sale in Arizona this weekendGingrich to Romney on call to release ethics investigation documents: ‘Give me a break’Breaking News from ABC NewsDavid Frum:Wii bowlingEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 21 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 21 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB212011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":44,"second":26},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
