{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Update [5:50pm ET]: This story will be updated as new events unfold Zimmerman\u0027s attorneys announced they have \"lost contact\" with Zimmerman and are withdrawing as counsel Attorneys say they still believe former client is innocent and acted in self-defense Engage in heated … More »Zimmerman lawyers withdraw from Fla. shooting caseAfter calling Mitt Romney to concede the race for the Republican nomination, Rick Santorum … More »Santorum out, vows \u0027not done fighting\u0027With Mitt Romney now reaching the “unless he’s hit by a bus” level of inevitability, … More »How to predict Mitt Romney’s running mateNew video aired on Al Arabiya television this week shows Osama bin Laden\u0027s three wives, who are currently under house arrest in Islamabad, Pakistan. While security is present, the footage gives a rare glimpse into everyday … More »Video shows Bin Laden wives under house arrestNew video aired on Al Arabiya television this week shows Osama bin Laden\u0027s three wives, who are currently under house arrest in Islamabad, Pakistan. While security is present, the footage gives a rare glimpse into everyday life for the family of the late terrorist leader. The women, their faces covered, are shown praying …President Obama is in Florida today touting the so-called Buffett Rule, which would impose a minimum 30% tax rate on those earning more than $1 million a year. The president says it\u0027s a matter of fairness. Republicans say … More »‘Buffett Rule’: Why supporters and opponents are both wrongPresident Obama is in Florida today touting the so-called Buffett Rule, which would impose a minimum 30% tax rate on those earning more than $1 million a year. The president says it\u0027s a matter of fairness. Republicans say the rule penalizes taxpayers who already pay more than their fair share and who help create jobs.The stock market extended its longest and deepest slump of the year Tuesday, caught between a recurring nightmare of European debt and the beginning of uncertain corporate earnings reports at home. More »Stocks\u0027 losing streak stretches to 5 daysThe stock market extended its longest and deepest slump of the year Tuesday, caught between a recurring nightmare of European debt and the beginning of uncertain corporate earnings reports at home.The White House bluntly warned North Korea on Tuesday that going ahead with a long-range rocket launch would mean an end to planned American food aid to the secretive and starvation-plagued country. \"It\u0027s impossible to imagine … More »U.S. warns N. Korea: Rocket launch means no food aidThe White House bluntly warned North Korea on Tuesday that going ahead with a long-range rocket launch would mean an end to planned American food aid to the secretive and starvation-plagued country. \"It\u0027s impossible to imagine that we would be able to follow through (and) provide the nutritional assistance that we had planned …A middle school teacher says she lost her job at a Pontiac, Mich. charter school because she helped students organize a fundraiser for the family of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin. The firing of Brooke Harris, an English … More »Teacher says she was fired for Trayvon Martin fundraiserA middle school teacher says she lost her job at a Pontiac, Mich. charter school because she helped students organize a fundraiser for the family of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin. The firing of Brooke Harris, an English and journalism … Continue …An ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday shows female voters play a significant role in President Barack Obama\u0027s current lead over Mitt Romney among 2012 voters. Tuesday\u0027s poll is the second major national poll in … More »Women boost Obama over Romney in new ABC pollAn ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday shows female voters play a significant role in President Barack Obama\u0027s current lead over Mitt Romney among 2012 voters. Tuesday\u0027s poll is the second major national poll in recent weeks pointing to a gender gap. Obama led Romney 57 to 38 percent among registered female voters …Movie director and explorer James Cameron will discuss the 100th anniversary of the Titanic’s sinking live on ABC’s “Good Morning America” on Wednesday, April 11. More »What do you want to ask James Cameron about the Titanic?Movie director and explorer James Cameron will discuss the 100th anniversary of the Titanic’s sinking live on ABC’s “Good Morning America” on Wednesday, April 11.Making a rare post-presidential policy address, former President George W. Bush said he wishes the “Bush tax cuts” had someone else’s name attached to them because “if they were called somebody else’s tax cuts they’d probably be less likely to be raised.”April 15 marks the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the RMS Titanic. And while the story of the doomed luxury ship has been in the headlines for the past century, there are also stories of another kind: Ghost stories. Check out these spooky facts about the Titanic.Mike Wallace\u0027s legendary career in journalism is being remembered this week, following the death of the \"60 Minutes\" icon on Saturday at 93. One video currently making the rounds online is \"The Homosexuals,\" Wallace\u0027s controversial 1967 report that aired on CBS. The hour-long program—which predated \"60 Minutes\" and was …\"Texts from Hillary\" founders Stacy Lambe and Adam Smith met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in her office at her invitation on Tuesday and left with maybe the best parting gift possible: An autographed, Hillary-written submission to their popular Tumblr. \"Thanks for the many LOLZ Hillary \u0027Hillz\u0027\" the top American …When news breaks that yet another wealthy Ferrari driver has destroyed his ride, the public usually responds with a collective eye roll. After all, supercars and trees/guardrails seem to go together like fish and chips. But in the case of one German driver, his automotive sacrifice is being commended. The Daily Mail reports …Controversial Miami Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen apologized today for remarks to Time magazine in which he seemed to praise Cuban leader Fidel Castro, calling his comments “stupid and naive.” “I love Fidel Castro.”  Time reported Guillen as saying in the article. “I respect Fidel Castro, you...In June 2011 we wrote about a strange case of a 17-year-old Chinese boy who sold one of his kidneys for $3,500 so he could afford a then-new iPad 2 tablet. At the time, police had been attempting to track down the … Continue …New DNA tests suggest the owner of a British fertility clinic may have fathered as many as 600 children, while keeping his donations a secret. And in an even stranger twist, one of his newly discovered offspring says the man\u0027s belief in eugenics may have been behind the decision. The Telegraph reports that Bertold Wiesner …Twenty-five-year-old Jessica Vega is facing multiple felony charges after she allegedly faked a case of terminal cancer in order to get a free \"dream wedding\" and honeymoon. The Times Herald-Record reports New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderm announced on Monday that an Orange County Grand Jury has indicted Vega on …LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - \"Bully,\" the Weinstein Co. documentary that has made about $250,000 at the box office and stirred up weeks of controversy as it fought the R rating handed down by the Motion Picture Association of America, is this year\u0027s cinematic cause célèbre. But as a case study, \"Bully\" might not have the …Comedian Jon Lovitz is known for making people laugh, but he has expressed outrage at an anti-Semitic high school prank involving maple syrup. Swastikas and the word \"Jew\" were drawn and written in syrup in front of the home of Lovitz\u0027s childhood friend in Northridge, California. Three girls from Nobel Middle School have …Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsFired orange workers couldn\u0027t speak over cubicle walls? More »\u0027My lipstick was orange today\u0027Roll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Seattle to ask voters for money to keep libraries … 1:47Microsoft tries to crack into smart phone … 2:03Kids take wheel during school bus driver\u0027s … 1:19Seattle motorcyclists roll out for Trayvon … 1:34H 64°L 48°Mostly CloudyH 18°L 9°Mostly CloudyZimmerman\u0027s lawyers withdraw from shooting caseRed Flag Warning Still In Effect For Md.Annan meets Syrian refugees as doubt looms ...Hope dwindling for peace in SyriaThese flexible online degrees could help you go to school on your terms.These five online degrees could make fitting school into your schedule a cinch.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Tidy Cats issues apology for Cincinnati billboardAutopsy: Whitney Houston found scarred, high, scalded, missing teethBill Cosby Breaks Silence on Trayvon MartinKindergartener brings $500 worth of heroin for show-and-tellBoy, 5, brings 50 packets of heroin to school for show and tellShip retraces Titanic\u0027s voyageTaxpayers paying millions for mowing?Ask James Cameron about the TitanicAir Force One: little known factsMiracle twins born in rare pregnancyEndless potential of flying robots","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedZimmerman lawyers withdraw from Fla. shooting caseSantorum out, vows \u0027not done fighting\u0027How to predict Mitt Romney’s running mateSubscribeHow to subscribeSeattle News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"News For YouFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYBreaking News from ABC News\u0027My lipstick was orange today\u0027Editors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdown5 Smart Online DegreesOnline Degrees to Fit Your Schedule","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 10 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 10 2011 2012 2013MAR APR MAY102011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":39,"second":24},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
