{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Romney may benefit from the large number of Republicans who share his faith. About one in four voters in Nevada\u0027s Republican caucuses were Mormons, according to entrance poll data. More »Entrance poll results look good for RomneyMore »Scenes from Nevada: Romney poses on the tarmacMore »In Nevada, Gingrich fumbles but moves forwardCOLORADO SPRINGS, Co. – Mitt Romney renewed attacks on President Obama’s stimulus plan during a campaign event at a metal company that received $2.3 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in November 2010. … More »Romney slams stimulus -- in factory that received stimulus fundsCOLORADO SPRINGS, Co. – Mitt Romney renewed attacks on President Obama’s stimulus plan during a campaign event at a metal company that received $2.3 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in November 2010. “This president came into office and said, “OK, we’re going...Conservatives accounted for around 4 in 5 voters Saturday as Nevada Republicans chose their presidential candidates, a poll of people entering the caucuses showed, tying Iowa as the most conservative group of GOP voters so … More »Conservatives dominate in Nevada GOP caucusesConservatives accounted for around 4 in 5 voters Saturday as Nevada Republicans chose their presidential candidates, a poll of people entering the caucuses showed, tying Iowa as the most conservative group of GOP voters so far this year.Rick Santorum said Saturday he wants to \"endanger\" rival Newt Gingrich while presidential rival Ron Paul claimed \"the American people are waking up\" as both Republican hopefuls peered past Nevada as that state began its GOP … More »Santorum, Paul look past Nevada caucusesRick Santorum said Saturday he wants to \"endanger\" rival Newt Gingrich while presidential rival Ron Paul claimed \"the American people are waking up\" as both Republican hopefuls peered past Nevada as that state began its GOP caucuses.UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia and China vetoed on Saturday a U.N. resolution that backed an Arab plan calling on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to quit, stalling global efforts to end his bloody crackdown on unrest after hundreds were reported killed in the city of Homs. The high-level diplomatic setback came after …BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers told Greece on Saturday it could not go ahead with an agreed deal to restructure privately-held debt until it guaranteed it would implement reforms needed to secure a second financing package from the euro zone and the IMF. Euro zone ministers had hoped to meet on Monday …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Among the slick, million-dollar ads for the likes of Pepsi and Honda during the Super Bowl this Sunday, viewers in Washington will see a far more modest spot. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino will be sitting on a couch touting an issue most politicians avoid like the plague: …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Russians defied bitter cold in Moscow on Saturday to demand fair elections in a march against Vladimir Putin\u0027s 12-year rule, while supporters of the prime minister staged a rival rally drawing comparable numbers. Smaller protests were held in other cities across the vast country maintaining …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Memory chipmaker Micron Technology\u0027s board appointed company veteran Mark Durcan as chief executive a day after longtime Chairman and CEO Steve Appleton was killed in a plane crash. Hours after Appleton\u0027s death on Friday morning, Micron\u0027s board named Durcan, the president and chief operating officer, …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Police removed protesters as they confiscated bedding and most tents on Saturday from an \"Occupy\" protest site just blocks from the White House, enforcing a no-camping rule for the public McPherson Square they had ignored for months. Dozens of mounted police and police on foot in riot gear earlier …CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian government building was set on fire on Sunday as protests disrupted the heart of Cairo for a fourth day and public figures demanded a faster transition to civilian rule. It was unclear who was behind the attack, shown by Egyptian television after midnight, with the state news agency blaming …ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos faces a critical task of convincing international lenders and political party leaders on Sunday to agree to the stringent terms of a 130 billion euro ($171 billion) rescue plan to stave off looming default. Greece on Saturday warned it had just one day left to clinch …CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez mounted a lavish celebration on Saturday to mark the 20th anniversary of the failed coup that helped launch his political career, as opposition leaders slammed the event as a blemish on the country\u0027s democracy. The discord over the elaborate military parade that lionized …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Police removed bedding and most tents on Saturday at an \"Occupy\" protest site just blocks from the White House, enforcing a no-camping rule at a public square that has housed protesters for months. Dozens of officers sealed off McPherson Square and moved in before dawn to enforce the no-camping regulation. …MUNICH (Reuters) - The U.S. military, which is cutting its presence in Europe, plans to expand its training of European partners to cope with new threats posed by interlinked criminal and militant networks smuggling weapons and drugs, said the U.S. commander in Europe. The United States is withdrawing two Army combat brigades …CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt\u0027s military faced pressure on Saturday to speed up its transfer of power to civilians, as top public figures demanded a faster transition and street protests against army rule disrupted the heart of Cairo for a third day. A civilian council set up to advise the generals recommended they bring forward …BERLIN (Reuters) - The possibility of a sovereign default by Greece cannot be ruled out, Jean-Claude Juncker, head of the Eurogroup of finance ministers from the single currency zone, said in a German magazine on Saturday. In an advance copy of comments to news weekly Der Spiegel, Jean-Claude Juncker was quoted as saying …UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia and China vetoed on Saturday a U.N. resolution that backed an Arab plan calling on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to quit, stalling global efforts to end his bloody crackdown on unrest after hundreds were reported killed in the city of Homs. The high-level diplomatic setback came after …Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsPlease leave, Conn. woman\u0027s employer said. More »Pregnant?What does it mean to be a conservative in America? More »TIME roundtableH 62°L 44°Partly CloudyH 17°L 7°Partly CloudyLivermore Special Education Students Become … 1:49Vacaville Firefighter Discovers His Stolen … 1:49Oakland Shooting Leaves Man With Several … 0:24Fremont Accused Of Using Traffic Cams To … 2:14Ugandan gays live life in the shadows AFPTensions flare between Hong Kong and mainland Chinese AFPPolice clear tents from Occupy site in DC APH 62°L 44°Partly CloudyH 17°L 7°Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Winter storm hits ColoradoTop hiring employers in the U.S.Prince William in FalklandsEgypt clashes over soccer riotSee the world\u0027s longest escalatorsBehind the scenes of \u0027Puppy Bowl\u0027","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedEntrance poll results look good for RomneyScenes from Nevada: Romney poses on the tarmacIn Nevada, Gingrich fumbles but moves forwardSan Francisco News Change locationLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYNevadaMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedLocal Weather »U.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Clueless tourists hit the Strip, Romney poses on the tarmac: Scenes from the 2012 Nevada caucusesEntrance poll results in Nevada look good for Mitt RomneyVideo: What it looks like to be hit by a riot police shield at Occupy D.C.Breaking News from ABC NewsPregnant?TIME roundtableSan Francisco, CAdownEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 5 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 5 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR52011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":9,"second":12},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
