{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MYRTLE BEACH, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Jon Huntsman will drop out of the White House race on Monday and endorse former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, a senior Huntsman campaign official said on Sunday. The official said Huntsman, a … More »Huntsman to quit Republican presidential raceFLORENCE, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum … More »Santorum targets Romney in South CarolinaGIGLIO, Italy (Reuters) - Three survivors and two more dead bodies were pulled from the … More »Two more bodies found on ship, three people rescuedLONDON (Reuters) - Financial markets are unlikely to be derailed by mass euro zone downgrades but with Greek debt talks at an impasse, pressure has been loaded on the bloc to shore up its defenses and glimmers of optimism … More »S\u0026P, Greek standoff pressure euro zone to boost defensesLONDON (Reuters) - Financial markets are unlikely to be derailed by mass euro zone downgrades but with Greek debt talks at an impasse, pressure has been loaded on the bloc to shore up its defenses and glimmers of optimism from last week have been firmly doused. With the United States and Japan already downgraded from \"AAA\" …PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - The leader of the Pakistani Taliban, the militant movement that poses the gravest security threat to the country, is believed to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike, four Pakistan intelligence … More »Pakistan Taliban leader believed dead: intelligence officialsPESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - The leader of the Pakistani Taliban, the militant movement that poses the gravest security threat to the country, is believed to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike, four Pakistan intelligence officials told Reuters on Sunday. The officials said they intercepted wireless radio chatter …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran warned Gulf Arab neighbors they would suffer consequences if they raised oil output to replace Iranian crude facing an international ban. In signs of Tehran\u0027s deepening isolation over its refusal to … More »Iran warns of consequences if Arabs back oil sanctionsTEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran warned Gulf Arab neighbors they would suffer consequences if they raised oil output to replace Iranian crude facing an international ban. In signs of Tehran\u0027s deepening isolation over its refusal to halt nuclear activity that could yield atomic bombs, China\u0027s premier was in Saudi Arabia on Sunday …SANAA (Reuters) - Al Qaeda militants have seized a small town southeast of Yemen\u0027s capital Sanaa Sunday in another setback to efforts to restore order after President Ali Abdullah Saleh formally handed over power following … More »Qaeda militants seize Yemen town, Norwegian kidnappedSANAA (Reuters) - Al Qaeda militants have seized a small town southeast of Yemen\u0027s capital Sanaa Sunday in another setback to efforts to restore order after President Ali Abdullah Saleh formally handed over power following almost a year of mass protests against his rule. A police source and witnesses said the militants …MOSCOW (Reuters) - Pieces of a failed Russian Mars probe plummeted into the Pacific Ocean far off the Chilean coast Sunday, Russian news agencies cited a military official as saying. Debris from the Phobos-Grunt craft fell … More »Russian military says spacecraft debris falls in oceanMOSCOW (Reuters) - Pieces of a failed Russian Mars probe plummeted into the Pacific Ocean far off the Chilean coast Sunday, Russian news agencies cited a military official as saying. Debris from the Phobos-Grunt craft fell into the sea some 1,250 km (775 miles) west of the coastal island of Wellington, state-run RIA and …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media baron Rupert Murdoch used his new Twitter account this weekend to attack the Obama administration\u0027s opposition to parts of proposed legislation designed to combat Internet piracy. \"So Obama has thrown in his lot with Silicon Valley paymasters who threaten all software creators with piracy, plain …GIGLIO, Italy (Reuters) - Three survivors and two more dead bodies were pulled from the partially submerged wreck of a cruiseliner off the Italian coast, while a search continued though thousands of cabins for 15 people still missing. In the early hours of Monday, the massive 114,500 ton Costa Concordia wallowed on its …ABUJA (Reuters) - President Goodluck Jonathan and labor unions failed in overnight talks to reach a compromise over the removal of fuel subsidies that has raised fears of a shutdown of Nigeria\u0027s oil industry, union and presidency sources said Monday. Jonathan was expected to make a public address later on Monday and unions …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran warned Gulf Arab neighbors on Sunday they would suffer consequences if they raised oil output to replace Iranian crude facing an international ban. In signs of Tehran\u0027s deepening isolation over its refusal to halt nuclear activity that could yield atomic bombs, China\u0027s premier was in Saudi Arabia …ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan and labor unions met late Sunday but failed to reach a compromise over the removal of fuel subsidies that has raised fears of a shutdown of Nigeria\u0027s oil industry, presidency sources said. Jonathan was expected to make a public address following the talks and unions …NORTH CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum touted an 11th-hour endorsement from conservative Christian leaders on Sunday ahead of South Carolina\u0027s crucial nominating contest but it appeared to have little influence on churchgoers. With South Carolina\u0027s January 21 primary …NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media baron Rupert Murdoch used his new Twitter account this weekend to attack the Obama Administration\u0027s opposition to parts of proposed legislation designed to combat Internet piracy. \"So Obama has thrown in his lot with Silicon Valley paymasters who threaten all software creators with piracy, plain …Jon Huntsman will withdraw Monday from the race for the Republican presidential nomination, campaign officials told The Associated Press on Sunday.The captain of a cruise liner that ran aground and capsized off the Tuscan coast faced accusations Sunday from authorities and passengers that he abandoned ship before everyone was safely evacuated and was showing off when he steered the vessel far too close to shore.A splintered conservative vote in South Carolina could pave the way for Mitt Romney to win this week\u0027s pivotal primary — a contest due to have one fewer candidate after the expected withdrawal of moderate Jon Huntsman.\"The Artist\" has been chosen as best musical or comedy at the Golden Globes, firming up its status as the first silent-film contender at the Academy Awards since the first years of the Oscars.Republican presidential hopeful Rick Perry on Sunday accused the Obama administration of \"over-the-top rhetoric\" and \"disdain for the military\" in its condemnation of a video that purportedly shows four Marines urinating on corpses in Afghanistan.It\u0027s become a case of the unsubstantiated vs. the discredited.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsOprah\u0027s academy for girls to hold its first graduation. More »A Diane Sawyer interviewHow will it affect Iran\u0027s strategy? More »Nuclear scientist\u0027s assassinationSunday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Jim … 2:21Oakland Block Party Honors Lives Of Children … 1:51Thrilling Win Gives 49ers Fans Hope 2012 … 2:17Lack Of Snow Allows For Rare Access To Yosemite … 2:03Cruise disaster developmentsMinorities in SyriaCampaign officials: Huntsman to quit GOP raceResidential building collapses in BeirutH 54°L 37°Partly Cloudy/WindyH 12°L 3°Partly Cloudy/WindySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Cruise ship runs aground off ItalyMuhammad Ali at 70This Week: Colbert for president?New Miss America crownedFan leaves reporter speechlessDog tag lost in WWI returned","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedHuntsman to quit Republican presidential raceSantorum targets Romney in South CarolinaTwo more bodies found on ship, three people rescuedSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Jon Huntsman to quit Republican presidential raceIsrael requests delay in US-Israel missile defense exerciseEvangelical leaders endorse Santorum, to Romney’s benefitBreaking News from ABC NewsA Diane Sawyer interviewNuclear scientist\u0027s assassinationEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 16 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 16 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB162011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":17,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
