{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc co-founder Jerry Yang has quit the Internet company he started in 1995, appeasing shareholders who had blasted the Internet pioneer for pursuing an ineffective personal vision and impeding investment deals that may have transformed the … More »Yahoo co-founder Yang resignsGIGLIO, Italy (Reuters) - Italian coastguards urged the captain of a stricken cruise … More »Coastguard heard pleading with Italian ship captainMYRTLE BEACH, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopefuls attacked Mitt … More »Romney unscathed from debate attacksWASHINGTON (Reuters) - David Kotz, the tough internal watchdog at the Securities and Exchange Commission, is leaving the agency at the end of January to join a private investigative service. Kotz, 45, probed everything from … More »SEC Inspector General Kotz leaving agencyWASHINGTON (Reuters) - David Kotz, the tough internal watchdog at the Securities and Exchange Commission, is leaving the agency at the end of January to join a private investigative service. Kotz, 45, probed everything from the agency\u0027s failure to catch convicted Ponzi swindler Bernard Madoff to bungled SEC contracts and …MYRTLE BEACH, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney acknowledged Tuesday that his income tax rate is \"probably closer to 15 percent than anything,\" suggesting that one of the wealthiest people to ever run for … More »Romney says he is taxed at around 15 percent rateMYRTLE BEACH, South Carolina (Reuters) - Republican Mitt Romney acknowledged Tuesday that his income tax rate is \"probably closer to 15 percent than anything,\" suggesting that one of the wealthiest people to ever run for U.S. president pays a much lower rate than most Americans. His comment, a day after Romney agreed for …SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co said on Wednesday it was not interested in buying ailing Blackberry maker Research In Motion or licensing its operating system, refuting a tech blog report that RIM was seeking to … More »Samsung says no interest in buying troubled RIMSEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co said on Wednesday it was not interested in buying ailing Blackberry maker Research In Motion or licensing its operating system, refuting a tech blog report that RIM was seeking to sell itself to the South Korean technology giant. Shares of RIM, which has been the subject of continuous …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Canada and four other countries will contribute $620 million toward the $1 billion cost of building and operating a ninth satellite in a new U.S. military communications system, a move that will improve … More »U.S. adds partners to communications satellitesWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Canada and four other countries will contribute $620 million toward the $1 billion cost of building and operating a ninth satellite in a new U.S. military communications system, a move that will improve cooperation among those countries and save money at a time when defense budgets are shrinking. …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Treasury on Tuesday started dipping into federal pension funds in order to give the Obama administration more credit to pay government bills. \"I will be unable to invest fully\" the federal employees retirement system fund beginning Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in a letter …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An Idaho man was formally indicted on Tuesday for attempting to assassinate President Barack Obama and on other criminal charges after he allegedly opened fire on the White House in November. Oscar Ortega-Hernandez, 21, was named in a 17-count indictment that included charges of damaging the White …(Reuters) - The European debt crisis interrupted the plans of Citigroup Inc Chief Executive Vikram Pandit to rebuild the bank, which reported an 11 percent drop in quarterly profit and disappointed Wall Street amid lackluster investment banking and trading business. Citigroup shares fell more than 8 percent on Tuesday. …(Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc said that splitting into two companies would lead it to cut about 1,600 jobs in North America this year and that its 2011 profit should be slightly higher than it had previously forecast. About 40 percent of the job cuts come from the company realigning its U.S. sales division, Kraft said. About …GIGLIO, Italy (Reuters) - Italian coastguards pleaded angrily with the captain of a stricken super-liner to return to his ship, according to recordings released on Tuesday as divers found five more bodies in the half-submerged wreck of the Costa Concordia. The discoveries took the known death toll to 11. One German who …SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc co-founder Jerry Yang has quit the Internet company he started in 1995, potentially appeasing shareholders who had blasted the Internet pioneer for impeding efforts to revive the struggling Web company. Yang\u0027s abrupt departure comes two weeks after Yahoo appointed Scott Thompson its new …SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co said on Wednesday it was not interested in taking over Research In Motion after shares of the BlackBerry smartphone maker jumped more than 10 percent following a tech blog report that it was seeking to sell itself to the South Korean firm. \"We haven\u0027t considered acquiring the firm …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - David Kotz, the tough internal watchdog at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, is leaving the agency at the end of January, the SEC said on Tuesday. Kotz, 45, joined the SEC in December 2007 after previously working as the inspector general of the Peace Corps. He has made a name for himself …\"You go on board! Is that clear? Do you hear me?\" the Coast Guard officer shouted as the captain of the grounded Costa Concordia sat safe in a life raft and frantic passengers struggled to escape after the ship rammed into a reef off the Tuscan coast.Searching for traction, Rick Santorum is on the attack these days — against everyone, it seems.Opponents of Wisconsin\u0027s Republican Gov. Scott Walker submitted nearly twice as many signatures Tuesday as required to force a recall election, but still face the challenge of transforming public outrage over his moves against unions into actual votes to oust him from office.The Iraq War veteran would carefully stalk each of his victims from among the thousands of homeless living in Southern California. He would then stab them repeatedly with a knife that could cut through bone, authorities say.A Marine who died from a roadside bomb in Afghanistan was awarded the highest honor given to members of the Corps for his heroic actions as he hurled his body into a fellow serviceman and warned the rest of the his squad of the blast.Paula Deen, the Southern belle of butter and heavy cream, makes no apologies for waiting three years to disclose she has diabetes while continuing to dish up deep-fried cheesecake and other high-calorie, high-fat recipes on TV.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Israel, US postpone missile-defense drill to avoid provoking Iran. More »Terrorism \u0026 SecurityPerfect weather for horse-made snow ange … 1:43\u0027It\u0027s still better than golf!\u0027 Mount Rainier … 2:21Seattle trying to shut down food program … 2:03Who is supposed to shovel and maintain Seattle\u0027s … 2:15WWII Vet Awarded Medal, Overcomes RacismUSCG: Audits make Italy scenario unlikely in USStabbing by 10-year-old stuns friendsRaw Video: Dozens killed by dump truck in HaitiH 39°L 28°Mostly CloudyH 4°L -2°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"More bodies found on shipwreckPandas get new home in FranceWho was Winnie the Pooh?Eerie run-in with great white sharkIs Paula Deen a hypocrite?James Bond car show","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedYahoo co-founder Yang resignsCoastguard heard pleading with Italian ship captainRomney unscathed from debate attacksSeattle News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Fake iPad 2s made of clay sold at Canadian stores‘The Real Romney’ looks at the first quant who would be president: Character SketchRussia doesn’t know where Mars probe crashedBreaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012Terrorism \u0026 SecurityEditors\u0027 PicksSeattle, WAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 18 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 18 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB182011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":10,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
