{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Mitt Romney won Nevada\u0027s Republican caucuses on Saturday night, grabbing the largest chunk of the state\u0027s 28 delegates in the race for the Republican presidential nomination and racking up his second consecutive victory, after winning Florida in the same week. Speaking at … More »Romney wins Nevada, Gingrich vows to stay in the raceATHENS (Reuters) - Greece\u0027s prime minister scrambled Sunday to convince lenders and politicians … More »Greece on \"knife edge\" in push to agree bailoutPANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Manuel Noriega, Panama\u0027s drug-running military dictator of the … More »Ex-Panama strongman Noriega hospitalizedKIEV/LONDON (Reuters) - Bitterly cold weather sweeping across Europe claimed more victims Sunday, brought widespread disruption to transport services, and left thousands without power with warnings that low temperatures would … More »Europe\u0027s cold snap claims more victims, travel hitKIEV/LONDON (Reuters) - Bitterly cold weather sweeping across Europe claimed more victims Sunday, brought widespread disruption to transport services, and left thousands without power with warnings that low temperatures would continue into next week. Hundreds have lost their lives in eastern Europe as freezing weather sweeps …CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt will prepare Cairo\u0027s Torah prison hospital so it can receive ousted President Hosni Mubarak from the military hospital where he is now detained, an Interior Ministry official said on Sunday, an announcement … More »Egypt\u0027s Mubarak may move to prison hospitalCAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt will prepare Cairo\u0027s Torah prison hospital so it can receive ousted President Hosni Mubarak from the military hospital where he is now detained, an Interior Ministry official said on Sunday, an announcement that could help calm protests. Protesters, who have clashed with police for four days demanding …BEIRUT/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Western and Arab countries responded with outrage Sunday after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have backed an Arab plan urging Syrian President Bashar … More »Anger after Russia, China block U.N. action on SyriaBEIRUT/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Western and Arab countries responded with outrage Sunday after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have backed an Arab plan urging Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to give up power. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the veto a \"travesty.\" The …BEIJING (Reuters) - China has a stake in helping euro zone countries get through their debt crisis, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said in comments published on Sunday, pointing to Europe\u0027s importance as a market and hinting at more possible support for beleaguered exporters. Wen\u0027s remarks, reported by the official Xinhua news …CAIRO (Reuters) - Protesters demanding a swift presidential election and an early handover of power by the army hurled rocks at police guarding the Egyptian Interior Ministry on Sunday and were forced back with volleys of teargas. It was the fourth day of clashes outside the ministry, in which seven people have died. Protesters …BERLIN (Reuters) - The majority of Germans feel the euro currency bloc would be better off if debt-crippled Greece left it, a poll published in mass-selling newspaper Bild am Sonntag showed on Sunday. The Emnid poll said 53 percent of Germans surveyed thought Greece should return to its former currency, the drachma, while …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran will target any country used as a launchpad for attacks against its soil, the deputy Revolutionary Guards commander said, expanding Tehran\u0027s range of threats in an increasingly volatile stand-off with world powers over its nuclear ambitions. Last week, Iran\u0027s supreme clerical leader threatened reprisals …BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers told Greece it could not go ahead with an agreed deal to restructure privately held debt until it guaranteed to implement reforms to secure a second financing package from the euro zone and the IMF. Euro zone ministers had hoped to meet on Monday to finalize the second Greek …WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It does not guarantee him re-election in November, but it is an advantage President Barack Obama is likely to carry into the fall: a broad base of supporters who have given him the symbolic vote of confidence with a donation of less than $200. Known as small donors, these people are personally invested …KIEV/LONDON (Reuters) - Bitterly cold weather sweeping across Europe claimed more victims Sunday, brought widespread disruption to transport services, and left thousands without power with warnings that low temperatures would continue into next week. Hundreds have lost their lives in eastern Europe as freezing weather sweeps …TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s troubled Olympus Corp said on Sunday it will hold an extraordinary shareholders meeting on April 20, when it is expected to seek approval of a new management team. The maker of cameras and medical equipment is struggling to emerge from a $1.7 billion accounting scandal and is continuing operations …KABUL (Reuters) - A secret NATO report showing the strength of confidence among the Afghan Taliban is raising concerns from Kabul to Washington that the militant group might overrun the country again when foreign combat forces finally leave. But analysts doubt the militants, who rose from the ashes of Afghanistan\u0027s civil …Mitt Romney\u0027s big win in Nevada four days after his breakthrough victory in Florida spells big trouble for his remaining rivals. Simply put: Is there any way to stop Romney now?Now it\u0027s on to Colorado, Minnesota and Maine.?A developing Senate plan that would bolster the government\u0027s ability to regulate the computer security of companies that run critical industries is drawing strong opposition from businesses that say it goes too far and security experts who believe it should have even more teeth.Ignoring a U.S. threat to cut off aid, Egypt on Sunday referred 19 Americans and 24 other employees of nonprofit groups to trial before a criminal court on accusations they illegally used foreign funds to foment unrest in the country.The recording was forgotten, and so, too, was the odd twist of history that brought together Malcolm X and a bespectacled Ivy Leaguer fated to become one of America\u0027s top diplomats.Clinton calls UN veto on Syria a \"travesty\"Tributes flow for lost filmmakersShellings and protests in SyriaClinton: Vetoed U.N. Syria resolution \u0027travesty\u0027See how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedRomney wins Nevada, Gingrich vows to stay in the raceGreece on \"knife edge\" in push to agree bailoutEx-Panama strongman Noriega hospitalizedSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Mitt Romney’s Nevada speech: Our campaign is about ‘saving the soul of America’Newt Gingrich’s Nevada press conference: ‘We will go to Tampa’Romney wins Nevada, Gingrich vows to stay in the raceWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 5 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 5 2011 2012 2013JAN FEB MAR52011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":9,"second":9},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
