{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MANCHESTER, N.H. -- It is somewhat astonishing, if not unjustified, that although only a small slice of voters have cast ballots in a single state where the winner emerged with an 8-vote margin of victory, the dominant question hanging over the contest for the Republican맨 More먙Could the 2012 GOP nomination be drawing to a close?When it comes to social media, Saturday\u0027s ABC/Yahoo! debate clearly captured the attention맨 More먙Yahoo! readers still unsure about RomneyThis time, in the supermarket parking lot, there were softly ringing bells breaking the맨 More먙Arizona remembers deadly day with bells, tearsDetroit (Reuters) - Bill Perkins, a Detroit-area car dealer, has ample reason to raise a glass in the early days of January. Perkins is chairman of a North American International Auto Show that debuts here this week just맨 More먙Detroit seeks맙alvation during Big 3\u0027s victory danceDetroit (Reuters) - Bill Perkins, a Detroit-area car dealer, has ample reason to raise a glass in the early days of January. Perkins is chairman of a North American International Auto Show that debuts here this week just as domestic car companies are riding high from an $80 billion government bailout and strong sales in맨CONCORD, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican front-runner Mitt Romney emerged on Sunday from back-to-back debates in New Hampshire a bit dinged but not seriously dented as rivals stepped up attacks to slow his march toward맨 More먙Rivals unleash fire against Republican favorite RomneyCONCORD, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican front-runner Mitt Romney emerged on Sunday from back-to-back debates in New Hampshire a bit dinged but not seriously dented as rivals stepped up attacks to slow his march toward the presidential nomination. ...CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday that his country would not recognize any ruling by a World Bank tribunal in a multibillion-dollar arbitration case with Exxon Mobil Corp. Exxon took Venezuela맨 More먙Venezuela will not recognize World Bank ruling in Exxon caseCARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday that his country would not recognize any ruling by a World Bank tribunal in a multibillion-dollar arbitration case with Exxon Mobil Corp. Exxon took Venezuela to the World Bank\u0027s International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes, or ICSID, seeking맨(Reuters) - After six months of scandal and crisis management in the wake of the phone-hacking affair at its UK tabloid papers, shares of News Corp have touched new heights as investors say the so-called \u0027Murdoch discount\u0027맨 More먙Investors in Murdoch\u0027s News Corp forgive hacking(Reuters) - After six months of scandal and crisis management in the wake of the phone-hacking affair at its UK tabloid papers, shares of News Corp have touched new heights as investors say the so-called \u0027Murdoch discount\u0027 has shrunk but cautioned that it won\u0027t completely go away. In the year\u0027s first week of trading, News맨TOKYO (Reuters) - The Tokyo Stock Exchange is in final talks to keep the scandal-hit Olympus Corp listed on the bourse, Jiji News Agency reported on Monday. The Tokyo Stock Exchange kept Olympus on its watchlist after the맨 More먙Tokyo bourse in final talks to keep Olympus listed: reportTOKYO (Reuters) - The Tokyo Stock Exchange is in final talks to keep the scandal-hit Olympus Corp listed on the bourse, Jiji News Agency reported on Monday. The Tokyo Stock Exchange kept Olympus on its watchlist after the firm met its deadline to file its revised results on December 14, which revealed a $1.1 billion dent맨DETROIT (Reuters) - Welcome to an unlikely beacon of hope for the global auto industry -- Detroit. Executives arriving this week for the Detroit auto show find a U.S. car market that has morphed from meltdown three years ago to a safe haven as concerns grow about the stability of other big economies, from Europe to China.맨BERLIN (Reuters) - The German and French leaders meet on Monday to discuss ways to boost growth in euro zone states struggling to overcome the sovereign debt crisis and rising unemployment, and finalise a deal to increase fiscal coordination within the currency union. They may also discuss a financial transaction tax, the맨TUCSON, Ariz (Reuters) - Bells tolled, girls in white dresses danced and Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords led a recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance on Sunday, one year after a shooting spree that claimed six lives and left her gravely wounded. Giffords, still recuperating from the head wound she suffered in the맨ZURICH (Reuters) - Embattled Swiss National Bank Chief Philipp Hildebrand faces a grilling by a parliamentary committee on Monday about a controversial currency trade made by his wife three weeks before he imposed a cap on the soaring Swiss franc. Hildebrand has been fighting allegations of wrongdoing after an employee맨CAIRO (Reuters) - The Arab League has urged the Syrian government to end its violence against protesters and allow League monitors in the country to work more freely, but stopped short of asking the U.N. to help. The arrival last month of the monitors in Syria to judge whether the government was honouring a pledge to end맨LONDON (Reuters) - Global regulators vowed on Sunday to press ahead with tough new liquidity rules for banks from 2015, but in a move to head off opposition from industry, also said lenders can tap into safety buffers in times of stress. The Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS), chaired by Bank of England맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Leon Panetta cautioned global rivals on Sunday not to misjudge U.S. plans to slash military spending over the next decade, saying America would still field the world\u0027s strongest military and nobody should \"mess with that.\" Panetta, speaking on CBS\u0027s \"Face the Nation,\" also reiterated맨CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday that his country would not recognize any ruling by a World Bank tribunal in a multibillion-dollar arbitration case with Exxon Mobil Corp. Exxon took Venezuela to the World Bank\u0027s International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes, or ICSID, seeking맨TUCSON, Ariz (Reuters) - Bells rang across Tucson early Sunday marking the exact time last year the city was rocked by a deadly shooting spree that left Representative Gabrielle Giffords gravely wounded. Bells ringing at 10:11 a.m. local time, the moment of the January 8, 2011 shooting, were among the first of a day of맨CHICAGO (Reuters) - Signs the recovery is gaining strength suggest the Federal Reserve may not need to buy any more bonds to spur growth, a top policymaker said on Saturday. \"I don\u0027t think it\u0027s very likely right now because the tone of the data has been pretty strong\" through the end of 2011 and up to now, St. Louis Fed맨Rep. Gabrielle Giffords led a crowd in the Pledge of Allegiance, her words ringing out across a cold Tucson night in a rare public appearance Sunday evening at a candlelight vigil one year after surviving a deadly shooting.Mitt Romney\u0027s Republican presidential rivals piled on the criticism Sunday, two days before New Hampshire\u0027s primary, with a combative Newt Gingrich leading the aggression by accusing the GOP front-runner of \"pious baloney\" and charging him with hiding behind inaccurate attack ads aired by allies.Lawyers say material \"obtained criminally.\" More먙Casey Anthony photos leaked onlineHow will unrestricted funding influence the rest of the campaign? More먙Money rulesGet breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsSunday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Jim맨 2:18Ed Lee, Ross Mirkarimi Sworn In As SF Mayor,맨 1:376 Protesters Arrested At Rowdy Occupy Demonstration맨 0:56Saturday Evening Pinpoint Forecast With Jim맨 2:09Activists \u0027may be held for months\u0027Fast-moving bushfire hits WABack injury improving: FedererStylist Goreski \u0027Zoe\u0027 over clash with ex-bossH 67L 42Partly CloudyH 19L 6Partly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Top endangered speciesBest, worst U.S. airlinesShare: The Friday Photo on FacebookJoan of Arc\u0027s 600th anniversaryBanished WordsFamous paintings as photographs","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedCould the 2012 GOP nomination be drawing to a close?Yahoo! readers still unsure about RomneyArizona remembers deadly day with bells, tearsSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular 쥱eatured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Wonkiest sign in New Hampshire?No break for Ron Paul following New HampshireCould the 2012 GOP nomination be drawing to a close? Candidates attack Romney, but fail to land lasting blowsCasey Anthony photos leaked onlineMoney rulesBreaking News from ABC NewsEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 9 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 9 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB92011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":53,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
