{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Mitt Romney scored a major win over Rick Santorum in Puerto Rico\u0027s Republican presidential primary, taking all of the territory\u0027s 20 delegates that were up for grabs Sunday. With 52 percent of precincts reporting, Romney led with 83 percent of the vote, compared to Santorum\u0027s … More »Romney easily wins Puerto Rico’s Republican primaryBolton player Fabrice Muamba was still fighting for his life in intensive care on Sunday … More »Soccer player remains critical after heart attackApple Inc, the world\u0027s most valuable company, is poised on Monday to confront one of … More »Apple to decide fate of its $98B cash hoardWith formal charges looming against his client within days, the lawyer for an Army sergeant suspected in the horrific nighttime slaughter of 16 Afghan villagers flew to Kansas and was preparing for his first face-to-face … More »Lawyer plans to meet with Afghan massacre suspectWith formal charges looming against his client within days, the lawyer for an Army sergeant suspected in the horrific nighttime slaughter of 16 Afghan villagers flew to Kansas and was preparing for his first face-to-face meeting with the 10-year veteran.One year ago, On March 19, 2011, Western leaders, alarmed by the disaster unfolding in Libya, voted in the U.N. Security Council to intervene militarily with \"all necessary means,\" arguing that they could not stand by and … More »Why Syria won\u0027t get Libya treatment from the WestOne year ago, On March 19, 2011, Western leaders, alarmed by the disaster unfolding in Libya, voted in the U.N. Security Council to intervene militarily with \"all necessary means,\" arguing that they could not stand by and watch civilians get massacred. As a result of the U.N. resolution, NATO launched a bombing campaign, …A heavy firefight broke out on Monday between Free Syrian Army rebels and forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in a main district of the Syrian capital Damascus that is home to several security installations, witnesses … More »Witnesses: Heavy fighting in Syrian capitalA heavy firefight broke out on Monday between Free Syrian Army rebels and forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in a main district of the Syrian capital Damascus that is home to several security installations, witnesses said. They said the sound of heavy machinegun fire and rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs) echoed through …A fund set up to aid victims of the February 27 attack on students in Chardon, Ohio has swelled to $500,000 in the three weeks since the rampage, the deadliest U.S. high school shooting in six years. In the first few days … More »Fund for victims of Ohio school shooting swells to $500,000A fund set up to aid victims of the February 27 attack on students in Chardon, Ohio has swelled to $500,000 in the three weeks since the rampage, the deadliest U.S. high school shooting in six years. In the first few days after the fund was established, a handful of local businesses and some anonymous donors quickly gifted …South Korean carmaker Kia Motors said on Monday that it would suspend production at its U.S. plant in Georgia on Monday and Tuesday, without identifying the reason. Local media reported on Monday that a fire had struck a … More »Kia Motors to suspend work at U.S. plant for two daysSouth Korean carmaker Kia Motors said on Monday that it would suspend production at its U.S. plant in Georgia on Monday and Tuesday, without identifying the reason. Local media reported on Monday that a fire had struck a Georgia factory operated by Daehan Solution, an unlisted South Korean parts supplier for Kia. An official …Gunmen linked to al Qaeda shot dead an American teacher in Yemen on Sunday, accusing him of Christian \"proselytizing\", and officials said government forces had killed a dozen militants in clashes and attacks on their str … More »Militants kill American teacher in YemenGunmen linked to al Qaeda shot dead an American teacher in Yemen on Sunday, accusing him of Christian \"proselytizing\", and officials said government forces had killed a dozen militants in clashes and attacks on their strongholds.King George Tupou V of Tonga, who introduced democracy to the South Pacific archipelago after riots following his ascension in 2006, died in a Hong Kong hospital on Sunday, the Tongan government said on Monday. He was 63. … More »Tonga\u0027s reformist king dies in Hong KongKing George Tupou V of Tonga, who introduced democracy to the South Pacific archipelago after riots following his ascension in 2006, died in a Hong Kong hospital on Sunday, the Tongan government said on Monday. He was 63. Tupou V\u0027s younger brother and the heir to the throne, Crown Prince Tupouto\u0027a Lavaka, was with him when …DENVER (Reuters) - A mile-wide, wind-stoked wildfire destroyed two homes in rural northeastern Colorado on Sunday, injuring three firefighters battling the blaze and leading authorities to issue an evacuation order for a farming town. More than 500 residents of Eckley, about 170 miles northeast of Denver, have been \"strongly …The Federal Aviation Administration says a brief power outage at a Southern California airport\u0027s air traffic control tower forced controllers to use portable radios to communicate with pilots and caused several flight delays.Famed Georgia sportswriter Furman Bisher, who covered everything from major golf tournaments to the Triple Crown during a career that spanned six decades, died Sunday of a massive heart attack outside Atlanta. He was 93.A brave mother fought off a shark that attacked her daughter as the two were surfing, the same day another surfer was attacked on the same Florida beach. The  two incidents Wednesday are among a series of shark attacks in recent days, as the underwater...Some 2,000 Venezuelan women are threatening to sue doctors, private clinics and distributors for faulty PIP breast implants if they do not get free replacements in one of the world\u0027s hottest markets for plastic surgery. The image-conscious South American country was disproportionately hit by defective breast implants sold …Britain is to examine the potential for privatising parts of its road network as it looks at ways of upgrading the nation\u0027s infrastructure, Prime Minister David Cameron will say on Monday. Cameron will say in a speech that there is an urgent need to fix a \"decades-long degradation\" of the country\u0027s infrastructure, and that …The killing of a Chilean diplomat\u0027s teenage daughter by police is reigniting concerns among Venezuelans about excessive force by officers and their frequent involvement in violent crimes.Two British journalists detained by a Libyan militia last month and accused of spying have been released and cleared of all charges, an interior ministry official said on Sunday. Nicholas Davies-Jones and Gareth Montgomery-Johnson, who were working for Iran\u0027s English-language Press TV, were detained on February 22 by the …Apple appears to be making less of a profit from each new iPad than it did when it launched the previous model a year ago, according to a research firm\u0027s analysis.IHS iSuppli took apart a new iPad on Friday, ...Rick Santorum doubled down Sunday on a campaign promise to crack down on the distribution of explicit pornography if elected president, saying exposure to the content \"can be very damaging.\" A position paper on Santorum\u0027s campaign website argues that current obscenity laws already prohibit the distribution of \"hardcore …The U.S. Treasury Department has issued subpoenas in an investigation into several prominent former senior American officials taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees to promote a controversial Iranian terrorist group, the Mujahedin e-Khalq (MEK). Among the former cabinet level officials whose speaking agencies …For nearly two decades, Carol Bart\u0027s untested rape kit collected dust in a police evidence room. Her attacker, who kidnapped her from outside her Dallas apartment and repeatedly raped her at knifepoint, had spent time in prison by coincidence, but not for sexually assaulting Bart.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhy Rick Santorum has only a 1 percent chance of stopping Mitt Romney. More »Election 2012Roll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Economic Forecast Released, Bay Area Outlook … 1:54Fire Destroys Napa Home 0:31Friday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:13Thursday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta … 1:53London riot aftermathAir travel disruptionsLive On TV: Tornado Near Mangum, Okla.Live On TV: Tornado Near Willow, Okla.H 53°L 43°CloudyH 12°L 6°CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The week\u0027s best photosPDA on the South LawnDoes pink actually exist?Reality Fighter takes battle to youRare Marilyn Monroe photosFantasy Baseball: 10 players we love","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedRomney easily wins Puerto Rico’s Republican primarySoccer player remains critical after heart attackApple to decide fate of its $98B cash hoardSubscribeHow to subscribeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »FeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Breaking News from ABC NewsElection 2012Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 19 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 19 2011 2012 2013FEB MAR APR192011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":36,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
