{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Discover news, videos and much more based on what your friends are reading and watching. Publish your own activity and retain full control.MARION, Iowa—Appearing before a jubilant crowd at a rally here, Mitt Romney appeared to predict a victory in Tuesday\u0027s Iowa caucuses—surprising his own advisers in the process. \"We\u0027re going to win this thing with all of our passion and strength and do everything we can to … More »Mitt Romney on Iowa: ‘We’re going to win this thing’An armed Iraq War veteran suspected of killing a Mount Rainier National Park ranger managed … More »Police: Gunman\u0027s body found at Wash. parkAuthorities arrested a man Monday in connection with dozens of suspected arson attacks … More »Man arrested in L.A. arson spreeDAVENPORT, Iowa--Mitt Romney bounded on stage at the local fairgrounds here Monday morning with a final request for the voters who braved a wind chill in the single digits to hear him speak. \"This county did good things for … More »Romney’s test in Iowa: Can he unify social conservatives?DAVENPORT, Iowa--Mitt Romney bounded on stage at the local fairgrounds here Monday morning with a final request for the voters who braved a wind chill in the single digits to hear him speak. \"This county did good things for me last time around,\" Romney said. \"I need you to go out and do that again, get [...]Rick Perry\u0027s campaign clearly sees Rick Santorum\u0027s caucus eve rise in the polls as a direct threat to the Texas governor\u0027s ability to move on from Iowa with any energy or enthusiasm surrounding his candidacy. Perry is out … More »Perry is working hard to chip away at Santorum in IowaRick Perry\u0027s campaign clearly sees Rick Santorum\u0027s caucus eve rise in the polls as a direct threat to the Texas governor\u0027s ability to move on from Iowa with any energy or enthusiasm surrounding his candidacy. Perry is out with a new web video today driving home the message he has been touting on the trail: [...]DES MOINES, Iowa-- Ron Paul\u0027s first public event in Iowa since the release of a Des Moines Register poll putting him within striking distance of Mitt Romney was so packed that workers took down a dividing wall at the downtown … More »Ron Paul greeted by overflow crowd first day back in IowaDES MOINES, Iowa-- Ron Paul\u0027s first public event in Iowa since the release of a Des Moines Register poll putting him within striking distance of Mitt Romney was so packed that workers took down a dividing wall at the downtown Marriott\u0027s Salon D ballroom. Supporters as well as national political reporters lined up to cover …SIOUX CENTER, Iowa--Here\u0027s where we stand in the final day before the caucuses. According to the latest survey from Public Policy Polling, it looks like a statistical dead heat between Mitt Romney, Ron Paul and Rick Santorum … More »Poll: Paul, Romney, Santorum tied in IowaSIOUX CENTER, Iowa--Here\u0027s where we stand in the final day before the caucuses. According to the latest survey from Public Policy Polling, it looks like a statistical dead heat between Mitt Romney, Ron Paul and Rick Santorum for the top slot in the state. With a margin of error of plus or minus 2.7 percentage [...]The 2012 Tournament of Roses made its spectacular way down Colorado Boulevard on Monday, but the floral-decked floats and gleaming marching bands were shadowed — literally — by anger at the nation\u0027s political and financial … More »Rose Parade kicks off with pageantry and protestThe 2012 Tournament of Roses made its spectacular way down Colorado Boulevard on Monday, but the floral-decked floats and gleaming marching bands were shadowed — literally — by anger at the nation\u0027s political and financial woes.DES MOINES (Reuters) - Republican rivals took aim at the conservative credentials of a surging Rick Santorum on Monday in hopes of heading off a last-minute victory by the former senator a day before Iowa kicks off the 2012 presidential election season. Santorum, a second-tier candidate until a jump in the polls last week, …BEIRUT (Reuters) - The head of the Arab League has said its peace monitors are helping to ease a violent crackdown on anti-government protests in Syria, but urged President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s government to carry out a peace plan in full. Meanwhile army defectors whose armed insurgency has threatened to overshadow the peaceful …TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it had successfully test-fired what it described as two long-range missiles, flexing its military muscle in the face of mounting Western pressure over its nuclear program. The announcement came at the climax of 10 days of naval exercises in the Gulf, during which Tehran has warned …NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York police are investigating as bias crimes four Molotov cocktail attacks on Sunday night including one against a mosque with 75 people inside and another against a Hindu place of worship. No injuries were reported. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Monday assigned state law enforcement officials …PARIS (Reuters) - France\u0027s Nicolas Sarkozy will meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin on January 9 for talks that are likely to centre on new rules to enforce budget discipline across the European Union. The two leaders are anxious to flesh out a plan agreed at a December summit by all EU members except Britain …LONDON/MUMBAI (Reuters) - Global manufacturing activity was subdued going into 2012, with the euro zone\u0027s industrial sector suffering its fifth straight month of declines in December and Asian factories mostly stuck in a rut. Monday\u0027s purchasing managers indexes (PMIs) provided further evidence that Europe is unlikely to …ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian motorists and unions vented their anger Monday at a sudden more than doubling of fuel prices, a day after government subsidies were removed in a sweeping economic reform that could trigger mass protests. Opposition leaders, unionists and local rights groups have condemned the move by the state\u0027s …TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyans with ties to ousted leader Muammar Gaddafi will be banned from running in elections under a bill drafted by the country\u0027s new rulers. Academics who wrote about Gaddafi\u0027s \"Green Book,\" containing his musings on politics, economics and everyday life, will also be barred from running under the draft …OSKALOOSA, Iowa (Reuters) - Facing colossal odds in the Republican nomination race, presidential candidate Michele Bachmann cast her struggle in Biblical terms on Sunday in a late attempt to win over conservative voters. Bachmann spoke from the pulpit of a small church in rural Iowa, telling the congregation about a small …CAIRO (Reuters) - The trial of Egypt\u0027s ousted President Hosni Mubarak will resume in earnest Tuesday when judges begin hearing arguments from prosecutors, who say Mubarak and his co-defendants are to blame for the deaths of hundreds of protesters. Lawyers demanded Monday that the head of Egypt\u0027s ruling military council, …The White House their goal, Republican presidential hopefuls raced across Iowa on Monday in a final, full day of frenzied appeals for support in precinct caucuses that open the 2012 campaign. \"It is the race you make it,\" an upset-minded Rick Santorum told voters soon to pick a winner.An armed Iraq War veteran suspected of killing a Mount Rainier National Park ranger managed to evade snowshoe-wearing SWAT teams and dogs on his trail for nearly a day. He couldn\u0027t, however, escape the cold.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsBegin your journey in a historic election year with Yahoo! News More »Destination 2012Getting a bigger brain is easier—and more fun—than you think. More »Buff your brain3-Alarm Fire Extinguished At Office Building … 1:09New Law Requires Car Booster Seats For Older … 2:01Santa Cruz Company Wants To Clear Pacific … 2:02Monday Afternoon Pinpoint Forecast With Lawrence … 2:13Pinks bins cause furore in ZimbabweGroup that helps rebuild, furnish homes needs help moving - quicklyRomney and Paul supporters are total opposites\"Friendly fire\" probed in NY pharmacy shootingH 59°L 47°FairH 15°L 8°FairSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"Mt. Rainier gunmanL.A. arson spreeOccupy Rose ParadeParalyzed bride still hopes to walk againMom, daughter reunite after 77 yearsSainthood expected for 2 Americans","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedMitt Romney on Iowa: ‘We’re going to win this thing’Police: Gunman\u0027s body found at Wash. parkMan arrested in L.A. arson spreeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"Yahoo!. Now with Friends.YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »Featured BlogsFeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Rick Santorum says he’s raised more money in the past few days than in the last four monthsRupert Murdoch urges Iowans to support Rick SantorumMitt Romney on Iowa: ‘We’re going to win this thing’Breaking News from ABC NewsDestination 2012Buff your brainEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 3 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 3 2011 2012 2013DEC JAN FEB32011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":38,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
