{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"TACOMA, Wash./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army identified the soldier implicated in the massacre of 16 villagers in Afghanistan this week as Staff Sergeant Robert Bales, and said he arrived on Friday at a Kansas base where he will be held in a solitary cell. Bales, a맨 More먙Afghan massacre suspect identified, arrives at Kansas baseANKARA, BOYNU YOGUN, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkey said on Friday it might set up a \"buffer맨 More먙Turkey considers Syria buffer zone; Annan seeks unityNEW YORK (Reuters) - A person at Goldman Sachs Group Inc, who has not been identified맨 More먙Goldman person leaked Apple, Intel secrets: lawyerLONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Apple Inc\u0027s newest iPad looked like another hot seller on Friday as hundreds lined up at stores around the world to get their hands on the tablet, though the crowds and waiting times in some cities맨 More먙Apple cements tablet market lead with new iPadLONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Apple Inc\u0027s newest iPad looked like another hot seller on Friday as hundreds lined up at stores around the world to get their hands on the tablet, though the crowds and waiting times in some cities were less than in previous years. The third-generation iPad has only a few new features including맨BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The euro zone may raise the combined lending power of its bailout funds to close to 700 billion euros from 500 billion in a trade-off between German opposition to committing more money and calming markets,맨 More먙Euro zone may up bailout fund capacity to near 700 billion euros: officialsBRUSSELS (Reuters) - The euro zone may raise the combined lending power of its bailout funds to close to 700 billion euros from 500 billion in a trade-off between German opposition to committing more money and calming markets, euro zone officials said. Euro zone finance ministers and central bankers will discuss the size맨NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is preparing to extend this year\u0027s unexpected jump in oil sales to the United States, adding to speculation about the response of the world\u0027s top oil exporter to sanctions against맨 More먙Exclusive: Iran sanctions seen spurring more Saudi oil sales to U.S.NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is preparing to extend this year\u0027s unexpected jump in oil sales to the United States, adding to speculation about the response of the world\u0027s top oil exporter to sanctions against Iran and a rally in prices. The kingdom\u0027s shipments to the United States have quietly risen 25 percent맨KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Friday lashed out at the United States for failing to fully cooperate with an investigation into the massacre of 16 Afghan villagers by a U.S. staff sergeant and questioned맨 More먙Afghanistan\u0027s Karzai slams U.S. over massacreKABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Friday lashed out at the United States for failing to fully cooperate with an investigation into the massacre of 16 Afghan villagers by a U.S. staff sergeant and questioned whether only one soldier could have been involved. A series of blunders by the United States, including맨WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve bank said on Friday it had made mistakes in calculating bank losses in stress test results released this week. But the Federal Reserve noted the revisions -- which affect Citigroup,맨 More먙Fed revises stress test lossesWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve bank said on Friday it had made mistakes in calculating bank losses in stress test results released this week. But the Federal Reserve noted the revisions -- which affect Citigroup, Bank of America, and three others -- have no effect on key figures like capital ratios, which estimate맨SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Friday it will launch a long-range rocket carrying a \"working\" satellite to mark the centenary of founder Kim Il-sung\u0027s birth next month, sparking condemnation from the United States and others that it was in breach of a U.N. resolution. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said맨KABUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Hamid Karzai exploded in anger when he learned last week that an American soldier had massacred 16 Afghan civilians, including nine children. When Karzai discovered that an aide had kept the news from him until after he had addressed the nation on television, the anger turned to rage.맨Neighbors of a Washington state man accused of gunning down 16 Afghan women and children in a nighttime rampage describe him as a family man, playing with his two kids outside his home.A former Rutgers University student accused of using a webcam to spy on his gay roommate\u0027s love life was convicted Friday of invasion of privacy and anti-gay intimidation in a case that exploded into the headlines when the victim threw himself to his death off a bridge.Syrian rebels ignited a new front Friday outside the capital, Damascus, in the first significant fighting there since regime forces swept over the suburbs weeks ago. The clashes highlight the shifting nature of Syria\u0027s conflict, with rebels lying in wait to rise up when the regime turns its guns elsewhere.Playing for another upset, GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum urged conservatives Friday to further upend the nominating contest by putting Illinois in his column.America\u0027s weather is stuck on extreme.Inflation remains tame throughout the U.S. economy, with one big exception: gas prices.An artist admitted Friday to taking shortcuts in crafting an often harrowing tale about Apple Inc.\u0027s operations in China after the veracity of his one-man theatrical show was challenged by a public radio program that had based a broadcast on his work.Oprah Winfrey\u0027s OWN network is pulling the curtain on \"The Rosie Show\" after five months on the air.Oh, those fabulous 15s.The Lehigh Mountain Hawks said they weren\u0027t afraid of mighty Duke.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More먙Breaking News from ABC NewsMargaret Talbot and Ryan Lizza discuss the politics of contraception. More먙Protesting againRoll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Fire Destroys Napa Home 0:31Friday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:13Thursday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta맨 1:53Thursday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:38Gay Marriage Opponents Gear Up To Repeal Law In November BallotChavez home after surgeryWounded Syrians mark uprising anniversaryEast Timor presidential polls openH 58L 49Light RainH 14L 9Light RainSee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The week\u0027s best photosPDA on the South LawnDoes pink actually exist?Reality Fighter takes battle to youRare Marilyn Monroe photosFantasy Baseball: 10 players we love","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedAfghan massacre suspect identified, arrives at Kansas baseTurkey considers Syria buffer zone; Annan seeks unityGoldman person leaked Apple, Intel secrets: lawyerSubscribeHow to subscribeSan Francisco NewsChange locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYCoverage of the NCAA tournament on Yahoo! SportsMost Popular 쥱eaturedU.S. News 쥭usiness 즁orld 쥰ntertainment 쥽ports 쥾echnology 쥻olitics 쥽cience 쥳ealth 쥾ravel 쥺pinion 쥺dd 쥷ocal Weather 쥰ducation",".snippet":"","h4":"Breaking News from ABC NewsProtesting againEditors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 17 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 17 2011 2012 2013FEB MAR APR172011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":9,"second":33},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
