{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Police arrested dozens of Occupy Wall Street protesters on Saturday night during a protest marking the movement\u0027s six-month anniversary at its birthplace in New York\u0027s Zuccotti Park. The sweep of the park by police just before midnight capped a day of … More »Dozens arrested at Occupy\u0027s 6-month anniversary rallyTACOMA, Washington (Reuters) - A lawyer representing the U.S. soldier implicated in the … More »Soldier suspected in Afghanistan massacre to meet with lawyersBEIJING (Reuters) - The global economy has stepped back from the brink of danger and … More »Global economy on recovery path, risks remain: IMF chiefTwin blasts hit the heart of Damascus on Saturday, killing at least 27 people in an attack on security installations that state television blamed on \"terrorists\" seeking to oust President Bashar al-Assad. Syrian television … More »Twin bombings in Damascus kill at least 27, almost 100 hurtTwin blasts hit the heart of Damascus on Saturday, killing at least 27 people in an attack on security installations that state television blamed on \"terrorists\" seeking to oust President Bashar al-Assad. Syrian television reported that cars packed with explosives had targeted an intelligence centre and a police headquarters …BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militia loyal to Iraqi Shi\u0027ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr freed an American former soldier on Saturday after holding him captive in Baghdad for nine months. The American, identified as Randy Michaels, was … More »Iraq militia frees U.S. hostage after 9 monthsBAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militia loyal to Iraqi Shi\u0027ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr freed an American former soldier on Saturday after holding him captive in Baghdad for nine months. The American, identified as Randy Michaels, was shown on television in a U.S. military uniform with no insignia, flanked by two members of parliament …BEIJING (Reuters) - China cannot delay reforms to rebalance its economy and will set policies to achieve relatively fast growth and stable prices that should help total trade maintain double digit growth this year, Vice Premier … More »China\u0027s Vice Premier eyes brisk growth, stable prices, reformBEIJING (Reuters) - China cannot delay reforms to rebalance its economy and will set policies to achieve relatively fast growth and stable prices that should help total trade maintain double digit growth this year, Vice Premier Li Keqiang said on Sunday. Li, widely expected to succeed Wen Jiabao as Premier in a leadership …NAIROBI (Reuters) - An influential American fighter for Somalia\u0027s al Shabaab rebels, who has in the past urged Western-based Muslims to join the group, has dismayed radical Islamists by saying his life is under threat from … More »U.S. fighter in Somalia says threatened by fellow militantsNAIROBI (Reuters) - An influential American fighter for Somalia\u0027s al Shabaab rebels, who has in the past urged Western-based Muslims to join the group, has dismayed radical Islamists by saying his life is under threat from fellow guerrillas due to internal disputes. Experts on Somalia said the video by Omar Hammami suggested …BERLIN (Reuters) - John Demjanjuk, a retired U.S. engine mechanic convicted for his role in killing 28,000 Jews as a guard at a Nazi death camp during World War Two, died on Saturday aged 91 in a care home in Germany, police … More »Former Nazi guard Demjanjuk dies in Germany aged 91BERLIN (Reuters) - John Demjanjuk, a retired U.S. engine mechanic convicted for his role in killing 28,000 Jews as a guard at a Nazi death camp during World War Two, died on Saturday aged 91 in a care home in Germany, police said. Once top of the Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center\u0027s list of most wanted Nazi criminals, …CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda III, the patriarch of most of Egypt\u0027s estimated 12 million Christians, died on Saturday from old age, his political adviser told Reuters. Bells tolled in Cairo\u0027s Abbasiya … More »Egypt Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda diesCAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda III, the patriarch of most of Egypt\u0027s estimated 12 million Christians, died on Saturday from old age, his political adviser told Reuters. Bells tolled in Cairo\u0027s Abbasiya district, site of Egypt\u0027s main Coptic cathedral, as the news spread. Shenouda, 88, became the …CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sang, danced with his daughter and vowed on Saturday to win a presidential election this year, a day after returning from what he said was a successful operation to remove … More »Venezuela\u0027s Chavez sings and dances after surgeryCARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sang, danced with his daughter and vowed on Saturday to win a presidential election this year, a day after returning from what he said was a successful operation to remove a second tumor. \"The beating we\u0027re going to give the Venezuelan right will be memorable ... not …Bypassed for a promotion and struggling to pay for his house, Robert Bales was eyeing a way out of his job at a Washington state military base months before he allegedly gunned down 16 civilians in an Afghan war zone, records and interviews showed as a deeper picture emerged Saturday of the Army sergeant\u0027s financial troubles …Looking toward the critical primary in Illinois, Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney wrapped up a shortened campaign trip to Puerto Rico on Saturday as he prepared for more tough contests against chief rival Rick Santorum.Chanting and cheering down Wall Street on Saturday to mark six months since the birth of the Occupy movement, some protesters applauded the Goldman Sachs employee who days ago gave the firm a public drubbing, echoing the movement\u0027s indictment of a financial system demonstrators say is fueled by reckless greed.Gunfire erupted from a car as throngs were celebrating St. Patrick\u0027s Day in Indianapolis and at least five teenagers were hurt, police said.Authorities say a floor of a New York City building where a party was being held collapsed, injuring a dozen people.Two suicide bombers detonated cars packed with explosives in near-simultaneous attacks on heavily guarded intelligence and security buildings in the Syrian capital Damascus Saturday, killing at least 27 people.John Demjanjuk, a retired U.S. autoworker who was convicted of being a guard at the Nazis\u0027 Sobibor death camp despite steadfastly maintaining over three decades of legal battles that he had been mistaken for someone else, died Saturday, his son told The Associated Press. He was 91.Norah Jones unveiled something new at South By Southwest — again.With his 3-point goggles on, the bucket never looked quite so big for Brady Heslip. Because of that, the future\u0027s looking as bright as those uniforms for the Baylor Bears.Wearing a U.S. Army uniform and flanked by Iraqi lawmakers, an American citizen announced Saturday that he was being released from more than nine months of imprisonment by a Shiite militia that for years targeted U.S. troops.Get breaking news, videos, blogs and more at ABC News. More »Breaking News from ABC NewsWhy Rick Santorum has only a 1 percent chance of stopping Mitt Romney. More »Election 2012Roll over each section to subscribe using Add to My Yahoo! or RSS Feed feeds.Fire Destroys Napa Home 0:31Friday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:13Thursday Pinpoint Weather Forecast With Roberta … 1:53Thursday Forecast With Lawrence Karnow 1:38Army: massacre suspect back in U.S.Your Voice, Your Vote: Puerto Rico PrimaryViral MeltdownA Soldier\u0027s SecretH 51°L 45°Mostly CloudyH 11°L 7°Mostly CloudySee how you could prepare for a career in this hot industry.See how the right certificate program could prepare you for a new career in one year.","h1":"Yahoo! News",".title":"The week\u0027s best photosPDA on the South LawnDoes pink actually exist?Reality Fighter takes battle to youRare Marilyn Monroe photosFantasy Baseball: 10 players we love","h2":"Yahoo! NewsFeaturedDozens arrested at Occupy\u0027s 6-month anniversary rallySoldier suspected in Afghanistan massacre to meet with lawyersGlobal economy on recovery path, risks remain: IMF chiefSubscribeHow to subscribeSan Francisco News Change locationFriends\u0027 ActivityLatest VideosYahoo! NewsAlso On Yahoo!Trending Now","h3":"YOUR FRIENDS\u0027 ACTIVITYMost Popular »FeaturedU.S. News »Business »World »Entertainment »Sports »Technology »Politics »Science »Health »Travel »Opinion »Odd »Local Weather »Education",".snippet":"","h4":"Breaking News from ABC NewsElection 2012Editors\u0027 PicksSan Francisco, CAdownWhat\u0027s the hottest field right now?How to: Switch careers in one year","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 18 2011 2012 2013 16,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 18 2011 2012 2013FEB MAR APR182011 2012 201316,019 captures 15 Aug 00 - 30 Jan 16Search Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":30,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
