{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama decided to stay home from economic summits in Asia as Democrats stepped up pressure on congressional Republicans to rein in their tea party faction and reopen the government with no strings attached.SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — Powerful storms crawled into the Midwest on Friday, dumping heavy snow in South Dakota, spawning a tornado in Nebraska and threatening dangerous thunderstorms from Oklahoma to Wisconsin.Mike Dubin is sticking it to the big razor companies by shipping high quality blades right to your doorstep. Quality blades delivered for $1/month.DNA Tests Must Be Completed By Oct. 31Home refueling units, which tap into a house natural gas main and compress the fuel so it can fill a vehicle tank overnight, have been available for years. But even though the fuel is cheap and units have to meet safety standards like other household appliances, home refilling is uncommon in the…HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Pennsylvania Republican Gov. Tom Corbett compared the marriage of same-sex couples to the marriage of a brother and sister during an appearance on a Friday morning TV news show, a remark that was quickly condemned by advocates involved in the state\u0027s ongoing battle over…Dusty Baker is out as manager of the Cincinnati Reds, three days after his team lost the National League wild-card game to Pittsburgh.Assisi (Italy) (AFP) - Pope Francis on Friday called for the Catholic Church and its faithful to rid themselves of earthly concerns like St Francis of Assisi during a pilgrimage to the saint\u0027s Italian hometown.HAVANA (AP) — Some say it could be something in the water. Others point to a tree with mystical significance for locals. Maybe it\u0027s just chance.NEW YORK (AP) — Procter \u0026 Gamble executives say it was striking the first time they witnessed a man shave while sitting barefoot on the floor in a tiny hut in India.Rep. Todd Rokita prefaced a response to CNN\u0027s Carol Costello during a debate over shutdown pay by praising her beauty.As shutdown drags on, lawmakers focus on posturing, not solutions. \"Save us from the madness,\" the Senate chaplain prayed Thursday.LAS VEGAS (AP) — The cannon at the Flutter Fetti booth near the front of the gambling trade show in Las Vegas last week delivered regular bursts of metallic and crepe paper cutouts, shooting them to the ceiling in big booms and carpeting the floor with shimmering hearts, stars and circles. The…CLEVELAND (AP) — Brandon Weeden never once hung his head after getting hurt and losing his job to a hometown hero.Best known for cheesecake, the Brooklyn eatery shares its 60-year-old chicken recipe.For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.NEW YORK (AP) — Rick Riordan spent the past few months in hell, and liked it.In the commentary, Doug Kendall and Tom Donnelly from the Constitutional Accountability Center say with both the legal left and the legal right fully engaged, the battle over the Constitution’s original meaning will be one of this term’s biggest stories in the new Supreme Court term.ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Jacob Quick is a fat and happy 4-month-old with a big and expensive appetite. Like millions of other poor women, Jacob\u0027s mother relies on the federal Women, Infants and Children program to pay for infant formula — aid that is now jeopardized by the government shutdown.If you\u0027re attending one of the world’s top universities, chances are high you\u0027re an English-speaking student on a leafy campus in the United States or the United Kingdom. By Ece Toksabay ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has told Turkey it will pay a heavy price for backing rebels fighting to oust him, accusing it of harboring \"terrorists\" along its border who would soon turn against their hosts. In an interview with Turkey\u0027s Halk TV due to be…COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Ohio prison officials said Friday they are keeping their primary lethal injection drug in place despite the state\u0027s supply expiring, but they\u0027ve added a second drug option for executioners to address the shortage.Fri, Oct 4","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Boehner demands two-party negotiationsCapitol suspect believed she was being watchedWhat can I help you with? Meet the voice behind SiriDems say it\u0027s time for GOP to unite, end shutdownHeavy snow, thunderstorms moving into MidwestWhy Are Razors So Expensive?Amanda Knox Judge Orders New DNA Tests on KnifeNatural gas powered cars (9 photos)Pa. gov: Gay marriage is like marriage of siblingsAP Source: Dusty Baker out as Reds managerPope says Church should rid itself of \u0027worldliness\u0027Double take: Twins galore on Havana streetCheap razor made after P\u0026G watches Indians shaveGOP congressman tells CNN anchor: \u0027You\u0027re beautiful but you have to be honest\u0027As shutdown drags on, lawmakers focus on posturing, not solutionsIn Vegas, clubbing almost as popular as gamblingWeeden rallies Browns past Bills, 37-24Junior\u0027s Serves Up Fried ChickenTop-10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditRick Riordan: \u0027House of Hades\u0027 is \u0027very intense\u0027Big battles brewing over the Constitution’s original meaningShutdown jeopardizes nutrition program for poorWorld rankings: Top 10 universities in 2013Assad says Turkey will pay for backing Syrian rebelsOhio announces alternative lethal injection drugComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":15,"minute":34,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
