{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A Missouri driver did not appreciate the message she saw on the state issued license plate that she recently received.HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — As Adam Lanza withdrew from the world into his bedroom, the only person he appeared to be close to was his mother, who cooked his favorite meals, did his laundry daily — and bonded with him over shooting and guns.Get FiOS Triple Play for $79.99/mo. for 1 yr. then, $89.99/mo. for mos. 13-24 + taxes, fees, equip. charges \u0026 RSN Fee w/2-yr. agmt. See offer details.China\u0027s growing maritime power has emerged as the biggest challenge to the Japanese military since the collapse of the Soviet Union. Tokyo this year halted a decade of declining military outlays with an 0.8 per cent increase to 4.9 trillion yen ($48 billion) Defense outlays next year are expected…By Phil Stewart and David Alexander WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two unarmed U.S. B-52 bombers on a training mission flew over disputed islands in the East China Sea without informing Beijing, defying China\u0027s declaration of a new airspace defense zone and raising the stakes in a territorial standoff. …DEAR ABBY: I was married to a man who ruled my every move. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)Over 100 people charged over the border at the Tijuana River channel illegally yelling and throwing rocks. Border agents believe it was an organized event that was planned out.RENTON, Wash. (AP) — Back from their bye week, with the best record in the NFL and heading into a Monday night showdown with the Saints, Pete Carroll and the Seattle Seahawks spent Tuesday dealing with the kinds of distractions they believed were over.Philippines authorities demanded Wednesday that boxing great Manny Pacquiao pay a $50 million tax bill or risk having assets seized, but the national hero vowed to take the fight to court. Pacquiao disclosed Tuesday the Bureau of Internal Revenue wanted 2.2 billion pesos ($50.2 million) for…British television chef Nigella Lawson was so \"off her head\" on drugs that her assistants were able to go on spending sprees with her credit card, her ex-husband Charles Saatchi said in court documents revealed Tuesday. The comments by art collector Saatchi emerged ahead of the trial of Italian…By Mariam Karouny BEIRUT (Reuters) - When he was agitating for revolution, urging fellow Syrians to rise up against President Bashar al-Assad, Abdullah dreaded the midnight knock at the door from the secret police. Now that the uprising has succeeded in his home town near Aleppo, pro-democracy…OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — When he saw a woman jumping from the upper deck at the Oakland Raiders\u0027 stadium on Sunday, Donnie Navidad said his military instincts immediately kicked in as he lunged forward trying to catch her.Motorola\u0027s smartphone aimed at cost-conscious consumers hit the US market ahead of schedule on Tuesday, in time for the key holiday season. The Moto G was made available on Google-owned Motorola\u0027s website at an off-contract price starting at $179. \"We\u0027re giving people plenty of mobile goodness to…The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has updated its \"Red List\" of threatened species, with good news for some creatures, including two kinds of albatross, but bad news for others, such as the okapi. The okapi (Okapia johnstoni), sometimes called the \"forest giraffe,\" has…VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis denounced the global financial system that excludes the poor as he issued the mission statement for his papacy on Tuesday, saying he wants the Catholic Church to get its hands dirty as it seeks to bring solace and mercy to society\u0027s outcasts.Age 50+? Responsible drivers deserve savings. You Could Save $395* on Auto Insurance.Rwanda launched Tuesday a national drive to \"non-surgically\" circumcise 700,000 men in a bid to cut rates of HIV infection, claiming to be the first country in the world to do so. The government said circumcision was one of its key strategies for \"achieving an AIDS-free generation\" in Rwanda,…Rafts of fire ants, according to new research that describes the unusual physical nature of these structures for the first time. In order to stick together as a colony during these deluges, the fire ants hook their legs and mouths together to create a living, breathing waterproof material that…BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — When George Loegering saw a large spinning circle of ice in the Sheyenne River while out hunting with relatives, the retired engineer couldn\u0027t believe his eyes.Authorities have made two arrests in the decades-old stabbing death of a 43-year-old San Francisco Bay Area man.US astrophysicists are split over what will happen when the comet ISON passes near the sun Thursday, but a majority think it will break apart. So when one of them zips close to a hot star, like the Sun, sometimes the icy core simply melts. \"Many of us think it could break up into pieces, and some…China says it monitored flights by US bombers that defied Beijing\u0027s demands to identify selves        Wed, Nov 27","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Rain, snow threaten to snarl holiday travelMigrants capsize in Bahamas; up to 30 feared deadObama: Hollywood an economic engineDriver offended by “WH0 R8X” license plateNewtown report renews focus on role of Lanza\u0027s momEnjoy Holiday Savings With A FiOS Triple Play!Japan pivots to counter Chinese navyDefying China, U.S. bombers fly into East China Sea zoneWoman Who Left Abusive Ex Struggles With Lingering TiesBorder Agents Attacked At The Tijuana River ChannelSeahawks CB Thurmond suspended 4 gamesPhilippine taxman demands Pacquiao pay $50 millionUK TV chef Nigella \u0027had drug habit\u0027, court toldInsight: After Assad, Syria democrats learn to fear QaedaMan: No fear trying to catch woman at stadiumMotorola low-cost smartphone hits US early\u0027Red List\u0027 of Endangered Species UpdatedPope issues mission statement for papacyAARP® 50+ Auto InsuranceRwanda launches \u0027non-surgical\u0027 circumcision drive to combat HIVHow Bizarre Fire-Ant Rafts Survive Constant FloodsUnusual ice circle forms in North Dakota riverAuthorities make arrests in Castro Valley cold caseWill comet ISON survive its near brush with the Sun?China Says Monitored Defiant US Bomber FlightsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":27,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
