{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The Senate had changed forever. In one fateful afternoon, Senate majority leader Harry Reid (D) of Nevada had changed an institution whose greatest strength lay in its constancy and tradition. He changed the Senate\u0027s rules. Will the \"nuclear option\" change Washington, or has Washington already…Japan warned Sunday of the danger of \"unpredictable events\" and South Korea voiced regret following China\u0027s unilateral declaration of an air defence zone over areas claimed by Tokyo and Seoul. Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said his country was considering making stronger protests \"at a…Search, compare \u0026 apply! Rewards, 0%, balance transfers \u0026 instant response. No matter what your credit history is we have the credit card for you.The surface of the sun has been surprisingly calm of late -- with fewer sunspots than anytime in in the last century -- prompting curious scientists to wonder just what it might mean here on Earth. But this cycle -- dubbed cycle 24 -- has surprised scientists with its sluggishness. \"It is the…TACLOBAN, Philippines (AP) — Thousands of survivors of Typhoon Haiyan erupted into wild cheers Sunday to celebrate the victory of Filipino boxing icon Manny Pacquiao, bringing back laughter and revelry briefly to a central Philippine region that was turned into a corpse-strewn wasteland by the…CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — For months, all eyes in the sky have pointed at the comet that\u0027s zooming toward a blisteringly close encounter with the sun.Katy Perry thinks most awards shows are fun, but she especially loves the American Music Awards.A young Saudi woman on Sunday urged a Yemeni court to let her stay and marry the man she loves, defying norms in both deeply conservative countries. In a case reminiscent of Shakespeare\u0027s star-crossed lovers Romeo and Juliet, Huda al-Niran, 22, defied her family and crossed the border illegally to…World leaders hailed Sunday a \"historic\" nuclear deal with Iran as a triumph for diplomacy, but cautioned the hard work was just starting to keep Tehran from building a bomb. Iran agreed to curb its nuclear programme for the next six months in exchange for limited sanctions relief, in a…Hondurans were choosing a new president Sunday, Nov. 24, 2013 in a country reeling from violence, poverty and the legacy of a 2009 coup, and if polls are accurate, the vote could fail to produce a clear winner. The election pits Xiomara Castro, whose husband Manuel Zelaya was overthrown in a…By Marty Graham SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - A Chicago-born man, who went missing three decades ago as a toddler after his father took him to Mexico, has been reunited with his U.S. mother in California after a harrowing trek back to the United States. David Amaya Barrick, now 37, was arrested by U.S.…(Reuters) - Snow continued to fall in the U.S. Southwest on Sunday in a storm system that may snarl Thanksgiving travel as it heads east, while biting Arctic winds plunged much of the East Coast to sub-freezing temperatures, the National Weather Service said. Forecasters have warned that the…ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — The U.S. captain of the Greenpeace ship seized by the Russian coast guard described on Sunday the stress and fear he and the other 29 people on board felt when they were thrown into Russian jails, with no idea when they would get out.During an exclusive interview with “This Week,” Facebook CEO and FWD.us founder Mark Zuckerberg criticized the current U.S. immigration system and framed comprehensive reform as a major civil rights issue. “When you meet these children who are really talented, and they’ve grown up in America...Milwaukee will be testing a new method for ensuring roadway safety this winter—by coating its streets with cheese brine.  But once the snows hit, Milwaukee\u0027s Department of Public Works will upcycle cast-off cheese brine for use as a de-icer on city streets. Rural highway worker, Emil Norby,…Chapter 7 bankruptcy can wipe out credit card debt and medical bills, in as little as six months. Find out if you\u0027re eligible to file Chapter 7.Mount Etna, Europe\u0027s most active volcano, has erupted again, showering volcanic ash on towns dotting the mountain\u0027s slopes and nearby Taormina. The eruption Saturday did not force any evacuations, but a highway was closed for half an hour as a precaution. Authorities also briefly closed two of…A relentless Sebastian Vettel completed the 2013 Formula One season on a record-breaking high on Sunday when he led Mark Webber home in a commanding Red Bull one-two at a dramatic and emotional Brazilian Grand Prix. This meant he extended his own record of consecutive wins in a season, equalled…TOKYO (AP) — The daughter of President John F. Kennedy said that his spirit lives on even though his life was cut short.Indonesia ordered the evacuation of 15,000 residents near an active volcano in the west of the vast archipelago on Sunday as authorities raised the alert for the emergency to the highest level. Mount Sinabung on the island of Sumatra has become increasingly active in recent months, spewing columns…SOROK ISLAND, South Korea (AP) — Kang Sun Bong once considered this tiny island a \"hell on earth,\" a place where hospital workers beat the leprosy patients exiled here and forced them into harsh labor, sterilizations and abortions. But three years ago, old, sick and broke, Kang returned to the…DEAR ABBY: My husband and I have the same argument every year around Thanksgiving. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)Sun, Nov 24","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"President has leeway on Iran, despite lawmakers\u0027 concernsAfghan president delays signing U.S. dealVatican unveils bones said to be St. Peter\u0027sWashington blows up: Has American politics hit an all-time low?Japan warns of \u0027unpredictable events\u0027 over China\u0027s new air zoneA Better Way to Get a Credit CardCalm solar cycle prompts questions about impact on EarthFilipino typhoon survivors cheer Pacquiao triumphWill icy comet survive close encounter with sun?What\u0027s next? Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus book-end AMAsSaudi Juliet demands right to marry her Yemeni RomeoWorld powers, Iran clinch \u0027historic\u0027 nuclear dealHonduras elections (15 photos)Long-missing man taken to Mexico as toddler reunited with U.S. motherFreezing weather spreads as storm heads toward East CoastGreenpeace captain describes fear felt in jailMark Zuckerberg: Immigration Reform One of the \u0027Biggest Civil Rights Issues of Our Time\u0027What\u0027s That Smell? Milwaukee Roadways Will Stink of Cheese This WinterFiling Bankruptcy Is Easier Than You ThinkItaly\u0027s Mount Etna erupts (18 photos)Vettel ends season on record high in BrazilJFK\u0027s daughter says his spirit lives onIndonesia orders mass evacuation as alert raised on Sumatra volcanoKorean ex-leprosy patients return to island colonyTurkey Stuffed With Dressing Is Also Dressed With StuffingComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":3,"second":21},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
