{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) — Human remains found in the Southern California desert are believed to be a missing San Diego-area couple and their two young sons, and their deaths appear to be homicides, authorities said Friday.By Mark Felsenthal and Susan Cornwell WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the most significant legislative rebuke to President Barack Obama\u0027s healthcare overhaul, 39 members of his Democratic Party voted for a Republican bill in the House of Representatives on Friday aimed at undermining his signature…For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.Political correctness took a distant back seat late Wednesday as Brazil\u0027s business hub of Sao Paulo played host to tabloid heaven with a contest honoring women\u0027s rear ends. The winner, who got the vote of a half-male, half-female jury, was 25-year-old Dai Macedo from the central state of Goias for…\"I had a lot of the stereotypical thoughts about lung cancer. Falzano is among one in five women who has lung cancer but has never smoked. She and others with the disease struggle with the stigma tied to lung cancer - when Falzano tells people about her disease, their first question is whether…Rock-N-Roller discusses his roll with the \"Mother Nature Network.\"Safety of All Fruit and Veggie Diet During Pregnancy DebatedCAIRO (AP) — Egypt unveiled Friday a multimillion dollar renovation project for Cairo\u0027s famed Egyptian Museum, including plans to demolish a scorched building that stands between it and the Nile, in a bid to draw tourists back and restore a sense of normalcy after more than two years of unrest.Kano (Nigeria) (AFP) - Boko Haram is holding a French priest who was kidnapped in northern Cameroon, a source in the banned Nigerian Islamist group said on Friday, rejecting claims of a rift among the insurgents. \"I can confirm that the French priest is in the hands of mujahideen (fighters) from…Passengers onboard a Southwest Airlines flight from Tampa to Raleigh, N.C., Tuesday thought their lives were over when they say the pilot announced an emergency and the plane suddenly dropped thousands of feet. “We were clenching hands and we were saying, ‘I love you,” passenger...NEW YORK (AP) — Miami Dolphins lineman Jonathan Martin has arrived at the office of the NFL lawyer investigating the team\u0027s bullying scandal.NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Top Volkswagen officials are trying to quell fears among Tennessee politicians about efforts to work with a union to create a German-style works council at the automaker\u0027s lone U.S. plant in Chattanooga.By Timothy Gardner WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration proposed on Friday slashing federal requirements for U.S. biofuel use in 2014, bowing to pressure from the petroleum industry and attempting to prevent a potential fuel crunch next year. It was the first cut to renewable fuel…Rockville (United States) (AFP) - The wait nearly over, Casey Karch was ready to get his hands on one of the first PlayStation 4 game consoles set to be released Friday. Karch, a resident of the US capital Washington, was number 21 on the list of those having pre-ordered the first 100 of the new…When Guatemala announced it would join Petrocaribe, the alliance where Venezuela sends petroleum to 17 countries at below-market prices, there was little worry about the program’s future. Oil was trading at more than $100 per barrel and Venezuela was sitting atop the world’s largest reserves. …Get Unlimited streaming for only $7.99/month. Start your free month of streaming now.Google ad an unlikely hit in both India, Pakistan by referring to traumatic 1947 partition        SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — Macy\u0027s is moving rocker Joan Jett and her band off the South Dakota tourism float in its Thanksgiving Day parade after ranchers complained about having a vegetarian and animal rights advocate representing their state.MOSCOW (AP) — Russia\u0027s state natural gas company says Ukraine is once again buying Russian gas and no longer endangering supplies to Western Europe.Crooks beware! Batkid is fighting crime Friday on the mean streets of San Francisco. With the help of the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the city, 5-year-old Miles Scott, aka Batkid, took off from Union Square in the morning in one of two Batmobiles — black Lamborghinis with Batman decals. Police…Aboard USS George Washington (Philippines) (AFP) - US Navy helicopters and planes Friday launched non-stop aid flights to desperate survivors of a super typhoon in the Philippines that killed thousands, igniting a global relief effort criticised for being too slow. On the USS George Washington a…U.S. officials on Thursday destroyed more than 6 tons of confiscated ivory tusks, carvings and jewelry — the bulk of the U.S. \"blood ivory\" stockpile — and urged other nations to follow suit to fight a $10 billion global trade that slaughters tens of thousands of elephants each year. Thousands of…Fri, Nov 15","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FBI says massive \u0027Anonymous\u0027 hack targeting U.S. government agencies3 states reject health fix; what about other 47?Photos: The instant phenomenon of San Francisco\u0027s \u0027Batkid\u0027Sheriff: Bodies found in desert are missing coupleHouse passes Republican health bill with 39 Democratic votesTop 10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditBrazil holds contest for best rear endWhy Is Lung Cancer Rising Among Nonsmoking Women?Rock Legend Chuck Leavell Turns HumanitarianPregnant Bloggers\u0027 Extreme Diet May Not Be HealthyEgypt plans ambitious renovation for Cairo museumBoko Haram \u0027holding kidnapped French priest\u0027: group sourceSouthwest Air Passengers Still Rattled by Pilot\u0027s \u0027We\u0027re Going Down\u0027Dolphins\u0027 Martin meeting with NFL investigatorAP Exclusive: US union vote won\u0027t affect VW plansIn win for Big Oil, U.S. proposes biofuel mandate cutGamers snap up first deliveries of PS4 game consoleVenezuela\u0027s regional energy program Petrocaribe wobblesWatch TV Shows and Movies On Your Favorite DeviceIndia, Pakistan Agree: Emotional Google Ad a HitAP NewsBreak: Macy\u0027s moves Joan Jett off SD floatRussia\u0027s Gazprom reassures West Europe on suppliesBatkid wows San Francisco (16 photos)US carrier spearheads Philippine relief effort6 tons of seized ivory tusks destroyed (35 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":4,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
