{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea\u0027s propaganda machine has long kept alive the myth of a serene, all-powerful ruling dynasty that enjoyed universal love and support at home. In a single stroke last week, that came crashing down.When James Madison spoke to the First Congress he proposed 20 amendments for a Bill of Rights, and not the 10 we all know about. So what did Congress delete from the final list that was ratified by the states?Initial mortgage rates are back down this month in California to 2.63% (2.82% APR). See if you can get a great rate and start saving money today.MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Joe Philbin cracked a joke, which was just the latest surprise from the Miami Dolphins.WASHINGTON (AP) — Michelle Obama loved Barbie dolls as a girl. She now prefers Christmas without snow, after living most of her life in Chicago. She isn\u0027t sure how she\u0027ll celebrate her 50th birthday in about a month but says \"it might involve some dancing.\"WASHINGTON (AP) — Republican leaders and several hard-right groups are displaying the classic signs of a political divorce, including bitter name-calling and reprisals against one another.Associated Press Music Writers Mesfin Fekadu and Chris Talbott pick their top 10 albums of the year.The best news photos of the day for December 16, 2013. Bodies of passengers lie beside a bus after it fell off an elevated expressway and crashed into a van near Manila, South African military and police helicopters fly past a 9-meter (30-feet) bronze statue of the late former South African…China\u0027s Jade Rabbit rover sent back its first pictures from the moon, as officials on Monday lauded the first lunar soft landing in nearly four decades as a step forward for \"mankind as a whole\". \"Exploration of outer space is an unremitting pursuit of mankind,\" China\u0027s space agency, the State…ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Matt Flynn is ready to hand the starting job back to Aaron Rodgers.UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Russia on Monday lashed out at the U.S. and its allies on the U.N. Security Council over who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria this year.DEAR ABBY: Christmas is coming, and I dread it. I\u0027m on Social Security disability and I barely make it each month.When Gloria Adams signed a contract to install a rooftop solar power system on her Oahu home in late August, she looked forward to lower electric bills and a return on her investment in the years ahead. She never dreamed that she would have to stop the project, get the Hawaiian Electric Company\u0027s…By Kathryn Doyle NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Recent research into the potential benefits of fish oil has been largely disappointing. \"About 10 percent of U.S. adults use fish oils, most in the belief that they help heart health,\" study author Dr. Andrew Grey, from the University of Auckland in…After hearing that Microsoft may bring back the Start menu button to Windows starting with the next major release, codenamed “Threshold,” a user imagined some other ways Windows 9 (or Windows 8.2) might be improved. Andrew Ambrosino says that Microsoft has to pay attention in the future to “the…Women across the country are saving thousands of dollars on plastic surgery by reducing the appearance of wrinkles from the comfort of their own home.RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Within their female-only campuses, women at Saudi Arabia\u0027s universities let loose. Trendy sneakers, colorful tops, a myriad of hairstyles. Some experiment with bleach blonde or even dip-dyed blue hair. The more adventurous ones have cropped their hair into short buzzes.JERUSALEM (AP) — More than 100 Israeli leaders gathered with Jewish-American counterparts in Jerusalem last month with a daunting mission: to save Jewish life in North America.MOSCOW (AP) — Lithuania and Poland expressed concern on Monday about signals that Russia has deployed state-of-the-art missiles in a territory that borders the NATO countries.Hundreds of friends, classmates and teammates said goodbye to 17-year-old Joshua Davis after he died in a high-speed crash.DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — The Mega Millions jackpot inched toward a U.S. lottery record Monday as it soared to $586 million amid a frenzy of ticket purchases, raising the possibility that the prize could pass the once-unthinkable $1 billion mark by Christmas Eve should nobody win before then.French law enforcement officials say 21 people have been arrested in raids across the south of France targeting the trafficking of horse meat that was used in laboratory procedures and wasn\u0027t fit for human consumption. (AP) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on…Mon, Dec 16","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedShooter\u0027s parents: \u0027Shattered,\u0027 \u0027devastated\u0027Judge\u0027s inspired ruling against NSA spyingObamas will make ‘Obamacare’ pitch to moms at White House eventNKorea explodes myth of unchallenged Kim dynastyFive items Congress deleted from Madison’s original Bill of RightsCalifornia Mortgage Rates Hit 2.63% (2.82% APR)5 things to know from Dolphins\u0027 win over PatriotsFirst lady brings holiday cheer to sick kidsCan this marriage be saved? GOP, hard-right groupsAP music writers\u0027 top 10 albums of the yearPhotos of the day - December 16, 2013 (5 photos)China\u0027s Jade Rabbit rover sends first moon photosFlynn fuels epic rally, Packers top Cowboys 37-36Russia: Aug. 21 Syria chemical attack was \u0027staged\u0027Widower Dreading Christmas Will Feel Better Reaching OutAnalysis: Clouds over Hawaii\u0027s rooftop solar growth hint at U.S. battleFish oil sales don\u0027t reflect evidenceWindows 9 concept: Saving Windows from itself with a focus on ‘little things’The No-Surgery Facelift That Horrifies SurgeonsFreedoms for Saudi university girls end at gatesIsrael reaches out to save US Jewish communityMoscow: missiles in western Russia legitimateCommunity Gathers for Teen Athlete`s Emotional MemorialMega Millions jackpot climbs to $586 millionHorse meat consumption (3 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":12,"second":30},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
