{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The time has come to end presidential term limits, because continuing the restrictions on the length of time one can serve in the country\u0027s highest office is bad for the United States, a university professor argued this week.By Ben Blanchard and Roberta Rampton BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China scrambled jets on Friday in response to two U.S. spy planes and 10 Japanese aircraft, including F-15 fighters, entering its new air defense zone over the East China Sea, state news agency Xinhua said, raising the stakes in a…Mortgage rates are back down this month to 2.63% (2.82% APR). Get a great rate and start saving money today. Calculate your payment.Walmart Says Black Friday Event Was Safer, Better, Bigger Than EverA Texas son nabbed quite a Black Friday deal - he was one of five people who bought a car for just $1.Nuclear deal between Iran and world powers puts rubber to the road for automakers after stall        FARGO, N.D. (AP) — Two Fargo radio personalities who photographed the remains of western North Dakota\u0027s pioneer towns for a coffee table book discovered a surprise when they returned for volume 2.2 aspiring rappers from US say they filmed music video during 5-day visit to North Korea        By Ju-min Park and James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - As autumn descended on a Korean countryside devastated by three years of intense war, a group of anti-communist guerrillas presented U.S. serviceman Merrill Edward Newman with a gold ring. He returned to North Korea last month as an American…Pope Francis will visit Jordan during a trip to the Holy Land next year, the state Petra news agency reported on Saturday, citing a senior Vatican source. \"During his (August) visit to the Vatican, King Abdullah II invited His Holiness to visit Jordan,\" Petra quoted Vatican foreign affairs…NEW YORK (AP) — When Olympic skier Bode Miller handed his infant son to the baby\u0027s mother in a courtroom this week, she was handed a victory — for now — in a case that became a rallying point for women\u0027s-rights advocates.The United States has offered to destroy Syrian chemicals on a U.S. ship, the global chemical weapons watchdog said on Saturday, and is looking for a suitable Mediterranean port where processing can be carried out. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) has been under…Vail (United States) (AFP) - US ski star Lindsey Vonn made a successful return to training as she battles to overcome a recent injury to recover in time for the 2014 Winter Olympics. Vonn said on Twitter that she put in some super-G training in Vail on Friday, as her alpine World Cup rivals…I’ve grown used to the morning honking of the garbage truck since moving to my new Gaza City apartment three years ago. The municipality has replaced its fleet of trucks with donkey carts because of an acute fuel shortage. Abu Sabri, a father of five, said he had used his cart to transport…LOS ALAMOS, N.M. (AP) — Tucked away in one of northern New Mexico\u0027s pristine mountain canyons is an old log cabin that was the birthplace not of a famous person, but a top-secret mission that forever changed the world.Did you know that public records are posted online and can be viewed by anyone in seconds? Marriages, divorces, bankruptcies, etc. Search anyone.At least 20 people, including seven women and a child, were killed in an aerial bombardment on Saturday of Al-Bab in Syria\u0027s Aleppo province, an NGO said. Regime helicopters dropped explosive-laden barrels on the town in the northern province causing widespread damage, the Syrian Observatory for…Technologically battered and politically bruised, the online sign-up procedure for the Affordable Care Act faces a major deadline this weekend. By Nov. 30, the Obama administration has been telling the world, HealthCare.gov would “work smoothly” for the “vast majority” of Americans trying to sign…The UN agency for Palestinian refugees has unveiled a trove of pictures and film captured over more than 60 years chronicling the collective memory of those who fled or were forced into exile. Established in 1949 to help Palestinian refugees who lost their homes when the state of Israel was…Among the deal-seekers on Black Friday, demonstrators in San Leandro were out in force protesting big box retailer Walmart.SAN DIEGO (AP) — Dan Johnson hadn\u0027t crossed the U.S.-Mexico border in years despite the fact the San Diego native lives 20 minutes away and spent most of his life making weekend runs for Baja California\u0027s surf and fish tacos.More than 450,000 Christmas Lights illuminates the House. Rolf Vogt started the Decoration of his House in 2000. Since then, thousands of People come to the House every year. 75 Percent of the lights are LED lights, to save energy and money, Vogt says. (Getty Images)Sat, Nov 30","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Scottish holiday marred by police helicopter crashChemical watchdog says US to destroy Syria stockpile at seaObamacare website faces crucial weekend after technology overhaulPresidential term limits: necessary and right, or bad for democracy?China scrambles jets to new defense zone, eyes U.S., Japan flightsMortgage Rates Hit 2.63% (2.82% APR)Black Friday Turns Dark as Twitter, Websites Track Injuries, Fights, DeathsTeen gets a car for $1 on Black FridayIran Nuclear Deal Hits Gas Pedal for CarmakersPhotographers find new life in ND ghost townsUS Rappers Say They Filmed Music Video in NKoreaUnforgotten fighter of Korean war: U.S. pensioner a POW at 85Pope to visit Jordan during Holy Land tripSkier\u0027s custody case becomes women\u0027s-rights causeU.S. offers to destroy Syria\u0027s chemicals at sea: OPCWVonn returns to training after latest injuryDonkey carts replace garbage trucks in fuel-starved GazaLos Alamos working to create national parkPublic Records Posted Online for Anyone to See20 dead in air raids on Syria\u0027s Aleppo provinceCrunch time for Obamacare. Will it pass a major test?UN refugee agency unveils Palestinian archive5 arrested during protest at Walmart in San LeandroAmericans returning to Baja as crime dipsHouse decorated with 420,000 Christmas lights (11 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":2,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
