{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MOSCOW (AP) — Russia reserves the right to use nuclear weapons in response to a conventional strike and sees them as a \"great equalizer\" reducing the likelihood of aggression, a senior Russian official said Wednesday.A secret, new surveillance drone has been developed by defense giant Northrop Grumman. The drone, which is designed to conduct surveillance and reconnaissance missions, could enter operational service in the U.S. Air Force by 2015, according to news reports. Northrop, headquartered in Falls…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m considering marrying a man who is divorced. We get along great, and I love and trust him.Is it ever appropriate to call the ex and discuss her side of the story? Or should I ask my boyfriend what she\u0027d say if I were to contact her? -- COVERING MY BASES IN CALIFORNIADEAR COVERING YOUR…LAS VEGAS (AP) — More than 200 rescuers feared for the worst when a couple and four children vanished this week in the bitterly cold Nevada wilderness. But two days after their ill-fated trip to play in the snow Sunday, the family was found in good condition. By Wednesday, the mother and a child…That is what Senator Cruz’s office says occurred, in any case. “Senator Cruz very much hopes that Castro learns the lessons of Nelson Mandela,” said Sean Rushton, his communications director, according to the National Review.Stephany Marchese, the winner of a $1 million jackpot with nine of her coworkers at a Staten Island, N.Y., nursing home, has very simple advice for those eying this Friday’s $400 million Mega Millions jackpot. “Play, play, play,” Marchese, 61, told GoodMorningAmerica.com.  “It took $2...The case will be retried in a lower court.The pilot of a South Korean airliner that crashed in San Francisco in July felt very stressed about touching down without a functioning instrument landing system to guide him, according to newly released documents. Three passengers died when Asiana Airlines Flight 214 clipped a seawall with its…A decade ago Les Cadman stopped making improvements to his small house in Detroit\u0027s declining Delray district because it stood in the path of a proposed bridge to Windsor, Ontario , the bustling Canadian city just across the Detroit River. Years of opposition to the project, led by the…Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino said his side produced their best display in his time in charge as they ensured top spot in Champions League Group H with a 6-1 thrashing of Celtic on Wednesday. Gerard Pique opened the scoring for the hosts early on, but thereafter Neymar took centre stage as the…Pope Francis Soars in Popularity PollsIt’s taken a while but 2014 looks like the year when Windows tablets will finally break through. Barron’s points us to a new survey of American and European CIOs conducted by Bernstein Research showing that “81% of CIOs issue/plan to issue Windows tablets, up dramatically from 56% six months ago,…A new theory has emerged in the single-vehicle crash that killed actor Paul Walker and his friend Roger Rodas. KTLA`s Wendy Burch reports from Valencia on Wednesday, Dec. 11, 2013.WARRI, Nigeria (AP) — He survived three days in a sunken tugboat at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean and was hailed as a miracle survivor, but now the Nigerian faces nightmares and questions on whether he used black magic.As a result of kissing a fellow student on the hand during class,6-year-old Hunter Yelton now has a permanent record. His Colorado school district has a zero-tolerance policy on sexual harassment, which school officials maintain the boy violated with his peck. The boy was suspended from first…In an excerpt from his new book, Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design, Charles Montgomery walks us through a few of the design pitfalls being implemented by local governments across the country. These maze-like neighborhoods \"engineer their travel behavior,\" which studies have…Ten years after Volkswagen\u0027s legendary Beetle drove off into the sunset, the German carmaker\u0027s other main icon, the camper van, takes its leave from the world\u0027s automobile stage this month. In the vast firmament of the automobile industry, the camper van\u0027s star shines almost as brightly as that of…By Marina Lopes NEW YORK (Reuters) - At the Henley Vaporium, one of a growing number of e-cigarette lounges sprouting up in New York and other U.S. cities, patrons can indulge in their choice of more than 90 flavors of nicotine-infused vapor, ranging from bacon to bubble gum. A sprawling sign on…If you\u0027ve been delaying travel because it seems too expensive, maybe you need to review your choice of destinations. Mexico City, Oaxaca, Monterey and Ensenada are some of the most affordable destinations for a vacation in Mexico, while Cancun is home to dozens of resorts and venues that are…Thu, Dec 12","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedYes, Virginia, there will be an Iran sanctions billProsecutor: no domestic charges against ZimmermanNASA: Cooling pump on space station shuts downRussia may answer conventional attack with nukesShhh! Top-Secret Reconnaissance Drone Could Make Air Force Debut in 2015Don\u0027t Count On Boyfriend\u0027s Ex For Unbiased AppraisalHow to survive a subzero strandingTed Cruz walks out on Castro at Mandela memorial. Grandstanding?Lotto-Winning Coworkers\u0027 Advice for $400 Million Mega Millions JackpotDisturbing: Italian appeals court determines 60-year-old and 11-year-old have ‘romantic relationship’Asiana pilot \u0027stressful\u0027 prior to San Francisco crashA new bridge for Detroit may be in sight (9 photos)Coach Martino hails best Barcelona performance in Champions LeagueWhy Pope Francis Is Different From His PredecessorsMicrosoft’s aggressive tablet strategy might finally pay offNew Theory in Paul Walker CrashNigerian survivor will never go to sea againExperts question school\u0027s decision to suspend 6-year-old for kissCul-de-sacs are killing AmericaAs Lionfish Invade the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico, Conservationists Say Eat Up [Slide Show]End of road for VW\u0027s iconic camper vansE-cigarettes: a burning question for U.S. regulators7 Surprising Vacation Spots That Will Save You a FortuneComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":33,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
