{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: My husband and I have two wonderful sons who joined our family through adoption. While we don\u0027t broadcast that they are adopted, it sometimes comes up in conversation. When it does, people inevitably ask, \"What happened to their \u0027real\u0027 parents?\" or, \"Why were they given up?\"I know folks…SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Xu Jiajie has gone on countless blind dates and to numerous match-making events over the past five years in search of a husband. At 31, the baby-faced office worker from Shanghai is under enormous pressure from family and friends to get married. But the right man is hard to…Explore our credit cards and rewards. Find the right card for you and earn cash back, travel or points. Become a cardmember today. Apply now!NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee judge\u0027s decision to change a baby\u0027s first name from Messiah to Martin is drawing strong reactions from people who believe the judge overstepped her powers and those who think parents\u0027 creativity should have some limits.LAS VEGAS (AP) — Las Vegas police are investigating whether employees went too far for reportedly helping the guitarist of Guns N\u0027 Roses execute a grand romantic gesture.A flash flood from the Waldo Canyon Fire burn scar swept through Manitou Springs, Colo. on Friday, Aug. 9, 2013 damaging homes and businesses and injuring at least three people. A late afternoon thunderstorm dumped more than one inch of water on the burn scar and roared through the small town just…NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Consistency hasn\u0027t been a problem for Oklahoma of late.Over the weekend Republican National Committee chief Reince Priebus doubled down on his threat to withhold 2016 GOP presidential debates from CNN and NBC if the networks air planned programs on Hillary Rodham Clinton.PARIS (AP) — Researchers have found what they say are specialized bone tools made by Neanderthals in Europe thousands of years before modern humans are thought to have arrived to share such skills, a discovery that suggests modern man\u0027s distant cousins were more advanced than previously believed.Girlfriend and co-star Lea Michele speaks out about the heartbreak of losing someone to addiction.KESENNUMA, Japan (AP) — A stranded fishing boat that became a symbol of the devastation of Japan\u0027s 2011 tsunami has long divided a northeastern coastal city — between those who wanted to keep it as a monument of survival and those who wanted a painful reminder gone.By Sharon Bernstein (Reuters) - Top Democrats in the California Senate on Monday asked the state\u0027s multibillion-dollar public employee pension funds to refrain from making future investments in Russia, adding their voices to protests against restrictions on gay rights there. A proposed resolution…JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Missouri State Fair on Monday imposed a lifetime ban on a rodeo clown whose depiction of President Barack Obama getting charged by a bull was widely criticized by Democratic and Republican officials alike.Peggy Wang has lived in China her entire life. A successful, English-speaking executive, she frequently travels abroad for work, but never imagined that her most recent itinerary would include dropping off her 15-year-old daughter at a prestigious boarding school outside Washington.The U.S. electrical grid is better managed and more flexible a decade after its largest blackout but remains vulnerable to increasingly extreme weather, cybersecurity threats, and stress caused by shifts in where and how power is produced. The following is a slide presentation for the 10-year…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates on their credit cards. Compare leading credit card offers for 2013 and lock in 0% APR for 18 months.By Andrew M. Seaman NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Children of women who had labor induced or sped up with drugs were more likely to go on to develop an autism spectrum disorder, in a new study. The study\u0027s lead researcher, however, said the findings don\u0027t prove inducing or speeding up - also known as…My black friends in New York, particularly those who don\u0027t live in the fancier precincts of Manhattan, have been harassed by the NYPD in a way that I, as a white guy, will never experience.They\u0027ve been stopped and frisked, for reasons known only to the officers. Almost every young black male I know…I have been rereading the June 10 cover story, \"Rise of the \u0027green coast,\u0027 \" which looks at the enormous potential of the northern Rockies to become America\u0027s new \"green coast.\" The interviews with politicians, high-tech entrepreneurs, and environmentalists capture the kind of \"energy\" and optimism…PINE RIDGE, S.D. (AP) — Jobs and confidence are in short supply on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, where the rugged beauty of South Dakota\u0027s Badlands contrasts sharply with dilapidated houses, rusted-out vehicles and trash in the streets — symbols of troubles blamed largely on bootlegged alcohol…Terrifying night for guests who came running out of buildings as earth swallowed up resort.A 27-minute instructional video that shows late \u002790s kids how to surf the then-nascent World Wide Web has found its way to YouTube.Tue, Aug 13B.C. Tuesday, August 13 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsB.C.","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Suspect in Idaho shootout fired once or twiceN.C. governor signs measure requiring voter IDWeiner trashes the media for its focus on sexting scandalAwkward Questions About Sons\u0027 Adoption Don\u0027t Deserve Answers\u0027Leftover women\u0027 in China face tough choices in looking for loveCompare Credit Card Offers TodayJudge changing baby\u0027s name Messiah draws reactionGuns N\u0027 Roses proposal prompts police probeFlash floods causing mudslides sweep through Manitou, Colorado (19 photos)Sooners look to make jump back into nation\u0027s eliteRNC chief doubles down on debate boycott. Smart move for GOP?Study suggests Neanderthals were more advancedTribute to \u0027Glee\u0027 Star Corey MontiethJapan city votes to destroy tsunami ship landmarkCalifornia lawmakers urge pension funds to halt Russia investmentsMo. State Fair bans rodeo clown who mocked ObamaChinese students coming to US middle schools? It\u0027s starting to happen10 years after blackout, US grid faces new threats (35 photos)Credit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 MonthsInducing, augmenting labor may be tied to autismWhy \"stop and frisk\" is worse than NSA surveillanceReaders Write: Civil discourse in Big Sky country; Kids of US parents aren\u0027t \u0027immigrants\u0027Last dry reservation in SD considers alcohol salesFlorida Sink Hole Swallows Resort BuildingsThe Internet as seen in 1997Comics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":53,"second":4},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
