{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"CAIRO (AP) — Egypt\u0027s interim leader swore in a Cabinet on Tuesday that included women and Christians but no Islamists as the military-backed administration moved swiftly to formalize the new political order and present a more liberal face that is markedly at odds with the deposed president and his…Richard Cohen\u0027s column in Tuesday\u0027s Washington Post— arguing that George Zimmerman was right to assume Trayvon Martin was a criminal, because he was a black male—is racist and wrong. More important, it\u0027s wrong because it\u0027s racist. That is, it\u0027s not that Cohen is \"wrong\" in the…Become a cardmember today. Find a card, compare rewards and apply for an American Express Card.It wasn’t as bad as “that’s a nice flower shop you got here, it’d be a shame if anything happened to it.” But the White House left no doubt on Tuesday that American patience with Russia playing host to NSA leaker Edward Snowden is wearing thin.Will Wendy run? That\u0027s the question many Texas Democrats—and Republicans—are asking after Wendy Davis, the 50-year-old state senator turned anti-abortion-bill-filibustering-star, said this week that she\u0027s raised nearly $1 million since her 12-hour stand on June 25. “Somebody has to step up,” Davis…There’s undoubtedly a buzz is in the air as the world waits for the Duchess of Cambridge to give birth. But if it seems this birth is generating even more attention than past royal births, you’re not mistaken. Although the palace has said only that...MILWAUKEE (AP) — The trial for a Milwaukee man accused of gunning down his 13-year-old neighbor whom he suspected of stealing opened Tuesday with prosecutors promising to show jurors a video of the slaying.LAC-MEGANTIC, Quebec (AP) — The engineer who parked the oil train that rolled away, derailed and exploded in the center of a Quebec town was heard from Tuesday for the first time since the July 6 disaster that killed 50 people, with his lawyer saying he is \"devastated.\"LAS VEGAS (AP) — Metta World Peace is coming home to play for the New York Knicks.Britain’s Prince William and his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, are two of the most photographed people in the world. As the world now waits for Kate to deliver the couple’s first child any day, excitement around the couple has reached fever pitch. Click HERE...Crews in Florida used 450 pounds of explosives to set off a series of 90 blasts to bring four smokestacks down in less than a minute.JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Tuesday he has ordered 20 percent \"across the top\" budget cuts for his Pentagon staff and that of his top brass.It is amazing to see because it feels so clearly out of place, but in some spots along Antarctica’s coast you can actually find hints of grass and other plant life—green evidence that in parts of the long-frozen continent the ice is thinning, and fast.Javier Sanchez, the Michele Bachmann aide arrested last week in connection to a series of thefts at a congressional office building, was identified as the suspect in the theft investigation after the U.S. Capitol Police installed a hidden security camera and placed \"bait\" money in Bachmann\u0027s…From Berkeley to Brooklyn, our country\u0027s most left-leaning parents are taking on decidedly conservative child rearing traits. At least that\u0027s what Mark Oppenheimer is arguing in his latest Fatherland column for The New Republic. The same writer who recommended (reasonably) that kids be allowed to…If you are a frequent flyer or you travel a lot, an airline or travel credit card can help save you money. Reach your dream destinations sooner.BOISE, Idaho (AP) — Farmers, town leaders and biologists in Idaho are banding together to demolish a roughly 10-foot-high barrier and restore a creek to a more-natural state to give steelhead a better shot at producing the state\u0027s next generation of oceangoing rainbow trout.There are many recommendations for the best places for baby boomers to retire, including the healthiest places, sunniest places , best places overseas, the most affordable places and the best places that ...FORT BLISS, Texas (AP) — Army and federal investigators have detected radiation in a former nuclear weapons bunker at Fort Bliss and are trying to determine if anyone or other buildings on the West Texas post may have been contaminated, officials said Tuesday.GULLANE, Scotland (AP) — From behind the 18th green, Paul Azinger stared out toward a golf course where he nearly won a major title, where so many greats of the game have carved their names on the claret jug.A scary morning in space. A planned six-hour spacewalk to perform maintenance on the International Space Station was dramatically aborted after an hour when Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano reported water filling his helmet. Jen Markham has the story.Kate Moss is one of the most famous supermodels in the world, but according to the 39-year-old, the most hurtful tabloid lies about her focus on her appearance. “It was horrible, especially the anorexic thing,” she fells Allure magazine in its August issue. “The heroin,...        Tue, Jul 169 Chickweed Lane Tuesday, July 16 More","h1":"Latest Videos",".title":"Comics9 Chickweed Lane","h2":"Yahoo! News","h3":"Will Wendy run for governor?AG Holder: \u0027Stand your ground\u0027 laws create dangerous conflict\u0027Glee\u0027 actor Cory Monteith died of heroin, alcohol toxicityEgypt Cabinet has women, Christians; no IslamistsRichard Cohen Shows Why Racism Makes You Do Dumb ThingsView Special Offers on Our Most Popular CardsU.S. to Russia: Turn over Snowden or risk \u0027long-term problems\u0027Will Wendy Davis run for Texas governor?What\u0027s All the Buzz for Kate and William\u0027s Royal Baby?Video appears to show Wis. man, 76, shooting teenEngineer at center of train derailment speaks outWorld Peace says he\u0027ll sign with KnicksRoyal Photographer Captures Iconic Photos of Prince William and KateCrews destroy Florida power plant withe explosivesHagel: Top military brass to be cut 20 percentChilling Report: Earth Loses 300 Billion Tons of Ice Each YearBachmann Aide, Arrested in Hidden Camera Theft Probe, Has Lost His JobThe New Puritan ParentThe Best Airline and Travel Credit Card OffersIdaho town, farmers aim to bust dam to help fishWhere Are Baby Boomers Going to Live?Army probes radiation in bunker at Texas baseMuirfield produces the worthiest of Open champsSpacewalk Aborted After Dangerous Water Leak in Astronaut\u0027s HelmetKate Moss: I\u0027m Not Anorexic and I Don\u0027t Do HeroinComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":13,"second":12},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
