{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: I am ready to explode. My father-in-law dotes on my 16-year-old daughter, who is his only grandchild. The biggest issue, aside from his overspending, is that he takes her to and from school every day and then expects to stay and visit. I have neither the time nor the inclination to sit…Police Suspect this to be 10th Knockout Attack in New York.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.By Ju-min Park and James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - As autumn descended on a Korean countryside devastated by three years of intense war, a group of anti-communist guerrillas presented U.S. serviceman Merrill Edward Newman with a gold ring. He returned to North Korea last month as an American…Japanese mobsters driving flash cars purchased with bank loans. And high-level officials vowing to squash the crime syndicates, known as yakuza. Japan Inc. is engulfed in its worst mob scandal in years and it\u0027s shining a rare light on the links between big business and shadowy organised crime…More than 450,000 Christmas Lights illuminates the House. Rolf Vogt started the Decoration of his House in 2000. Since then, thousands of People come to the House every year. 75 Percent of the lights are LED lights, to save energy and money, Vogt says. (Getty Images)ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A mother on board a plane that crashed in remote southwest Alaska made a frantic phone call for help resuscitating her 5-month-old baby, then left the fatally injured boy to lead searchers hampered by cold and fog to the crash site.The Transportation Security Administration confiscates all sorts of stuff — which they call \"Voluntary Abandoned Property\" — at security checkpoints, from handguns and knives to shampoo bottles that are just a little too big for their liking. You might assume that TSA screeners just pocket what…By Hamid Shalizi KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai accused his U.S. ally on Sunday of withholding military supplies to press him to sign a bilateral security deal that will shape the U.S. military presence after most foreign troops leave in 2014. \"The cutting of fuel supplies and…UN in Iraq worried about uptick in number of bodies found as fears of sectarian warfare rise        Television viewers in Bismarck, N.D., were treated to some real class this weekend when none other than the great Ron Burgundy read them the news.ZAATARI CAMP, Jordan (AP) — At this sprawling desert camp in Jordan, home to thousands of children who fled Syria\u0027s civil war, a few found a moment to smile Sunday watching a troop of clowns.Double major-winner Rory McIlroy won the Australian Open on Sunday with a birdie at the final hole, sensationally pipping the home favourite Adam Scott, to secure his first tournament victory of 2013. Scott was leading by a stroke with one hole to play and looked certain to become only the second…WASHINGTON (AP) — The government claims more than 50,000 people can log on to its troubled health care website and more than 800,000 people will be able to shop for insurance coverage each day.A woman was killed on Chicago`s Northwest Side after her vehilce was hit by a truck.Did you know that public records are posted online and can be viewed by anyone in seconds? Marriages, divorces, bankruptcies, etc. Search anyone.Two months after the troubled launch of its signature health care initiative, the Obama administration on Sunday announced that its online insurance marketplace now functions smoothly for the “vast majority” of consumers seeking to shop for and enroll in coverage. “We’ve doubled the system’s…Why You Should Give Your Child an iPadBangalore (India) (AFP) - India\u0027s first mission to Mars left Earth\u0027s orbit Sunday, successfully entering the second phase of its journey that could see New Delhi win Asia\u0027s race to the Red Planet, scientists said. The spacecraft, called Mangalyaan, now embarks on a 10-month journey around the sun…In a ceremony fitting royalty, the Smithsonian\u0027s National Zoo in Washington said on Sunday it was naming a rare, female giant panda cub \"Bao Bao,\" after a public online vote that drew more than 123,000 submissions. Bao Bao (rhyming with Pow Pow) translates as precious or treasure in English, the…MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Phil Hughes probably needed to leave hitter-friendly Yankee Stadium, and the Minnesota Twins were desperate for proven arms to strengthen a woeful rotation. The two parties have come together, hoping to help each other out.Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - The future of the world\u0027s largest tuna fishery will be decided at a meeting in Australia this week, with Pacific island nations demanding tighter controls on a catch now worth US$7.0 billion a year. A record 2.65 million tonnes of tuna was hauled from the Pacific…Sun, Dec 1","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Passenger train derails in NYC; 4 dead, 63 injuredChina launches its first ever lunar probeOfficials: Worst tech bugs over for Healthcare.govDoting Granddad Overspends With His Time And Money76-Year-Old Brooklyn Woman May Be Latest \u0027Knockout\u0027 Assault VictimCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Unforgotten fighter of Korean war: U.S. pensioner a POW at 85Japan\u0027s yakuza mobsters becoming \u0027Goldman Sachs with guns\u0027House decorated with over 450,000 Christmas lights (11 photos)Mother on crashed plane led searchers to wreckageWhat does the TSA do with your confiscated stuff?Karzai accuses U.S. of cutting Afghan military suppliesUN in Iraq Worried About Uptick in Bodies FoundStay classy ND: Ron Burgundy co-anchors newscastClowns help Syrian camp children smile for momentMcIlroy shocks Scott to win golf Australian OpenOfficials: Healthcare.gov making stridesWoman dies after car hit by truckPublic Records Posted Online for Anyone to SeeWhite House Declares Obamacare Website Fixed, But Problems PersistWhy You Should Give Your Kid an iPad for Christmas (It Isn\u0027t What You Think)India\u0027s spacecraft successfully begins journey to MarsThe votes are in - Washington\u0027s panda cub named Bao BaoAP source: Twins, Phil Hughes agree to 3-year dealShowdown looms for lucrative tuna industryComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":44,"second":17},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
