{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"For Jimmy Doolittle\u0027s co-pilot, taking off from an aircraft carrier, flying hundreds of miles and bombing Japan was the easy part of the daring 1942 American air raid on Tokyo. The worst moment came hours later, when he had to parachute out of his B-25 bomber over China in the middle of a heavy…MOSCOW (AP) — A 25-year-old Venezuelan who appears on TV in her country and is an accomplished flamenco dancer is the new Miss Universe.For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — The Navy christened the USS Gerald Ford on Saturday with the traditional smashing of a bottle of sparkling wine across the bow of the ship — the most technologically advanced aircraft carrier the United States has built.The 4th Cannafest International Hemp Fair is underway in Prague, Czech Republic. According to organizers, Cannafest Prague is the largest international hemp fair in Europe and is not only for the fans of cannabis but also for the laymen who want to extende their knowledge of this plant. Exhibitors…Multi-platinum selling diva Lady Gaga is fighting to keep her \u0027Queen of Pop\u0027 crown with a hotly-anticipated third album, but early reception in the US and Britain has been lukewarm. \"Artpop\" signals a return to the limelight for Stefani Germanotta -- known as Lady Gaga on stage and in video --…New Zealand is to ban shark finning in its waters within two years, Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy announced Sunday. It is already illegal in New Zealand to slice the fin off a shark and throw it back alive, and Guy said the new ban would be extended to finning a shark and dumping the…European champions Bayern Munich set a new Bundesliga record of 37 games without defeat, then turned their attentions on their showdown with main German league rivals Borussia Dortmund. Bayern\u0027s 3-0 win at Munich\u0027s Allianz Arena against Bavarian neighbours Augsburg saw them break Hamburg\u0027s…The Pentagon announced Saturday that it was providing the Philippines with naval and aviation resources in the wake of the country\u0027s devastating typhoon. A statement said that US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel would made helicopters, fixed-wing aircraft and surface maritime search and rescue…By Susan Cooper Eastman JACKSONVILLE, Florida (Reuters) - A north Florida school board has voted unanimously to change the name of a local high school honoring a Confederate general who made a fortune as a slave trader and was linked to the Ku Klux Klan. \"It\u0027s time to move forward with the…WASHINGTON (AP) — A powerful typhoon hit the Philippines on Friday and was heading Saturday toward Vietnam. Facts about typhoons:CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — As soon as Dorisbell Pena received a text message informing her that President Nicolas Maduro seized control of a nationwide chain of appliance stores Friday, she rushed to the nearest outlet in the hopes of finding what\u0027s become one of the scarcest items of all these days…The effects of domestic and industrial waste from factories along the Citarum river near the Indonesian town of Majalaya have prompted two leading environmental groups, Green Cross of Switzerland and the Blacksmith Institute, to name the river as one of the earth\u0027s 10 most polluted places in their…By Andrew Cawthorne and Carlos Rawlins CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro\u0027s socialist government \"occupied\" a chain of electronics stores on Saturday in a high-profile crackdown on what it views as price-gouging hobbling the country\u0027s economy. Authorities arrested various…TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) — New multimillion-dollar mansions with white columns, wide balconies and grand foyers line the streets at the University of Alabama, and more are under construction to accommodate the school\u0027s booming enrollment and record membership in Greek-letter groups.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates on their credit cards. Compare leading credit card offers for 2013 and lock in 0% APR for 18 months.This week, the people of New Jersey demonstrated their approval of Gov. Chris Christie loudly and clearly– two adverbs often used in sentences about the GOP star himself. Christie won a second term as governor of the Garden State by a big margin, defeating his...Coalition of White Supremacists Plan to Commemorate 75th Anniversary of KristallnachtA Possibly Intoxicated Man Allegedly Bolted Past Terminal SecurityBritish Foreign Secretary William Hague said Saturday that world powers needed to seize the opportunity to reach a deal as talks over Iran\u0027s nuclear programme entered a third day in Geneva. British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Saturday that talks on Iran\u0027s nuclear programme in Geneva were…BEIRUT (AP) — At least 30 journalists currently are reported missing while covering Syria\u0027s civil war. The widespread abduction of journalists is unprecedented. Many have gone unreported in hope that keeping the kidnappings out of public view may help to negotiate the captives\u0027 release.“We are pleased to add Senator Paul to our lineup of fearless, original thought leaders,\" said Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov. \"Most of all, we think the fighting spirit he has become known for is a perfect fit for Breitbart News Network and reflects that of our founder, Andrew Breitbart.” …Sun, Nov 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Philippine typhoon death toll could reach 10,000How to help donate to victims of Typhoon HaiyanNo nuclear deal between 6 world powers and IranA final reunion for vets of WWII Doolittle raidVenezuelan is the new Miss UniverseTop-10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditNavy christens next generation of aircraft carrierCannabis lovers flock to 4th Cannafest International Hemp Fair in Prague (10 photos)Lady Gaga fights to keep \u0027Queen of Pop\u0027 crownNew Zealand to ban shark finningRecord-breakers Bayern relish \u0027German El Clasico\u0027Pentagon announces help for Philippines after typhoonFlorida school board votes to remove name of Confederate generalHurricane? Cyclone? Typhoon? Here\u0027s the differenceVenezuelan shoppers amass outside seized storesIndonesia\u0027s Citarum River: one of world\u0027s top 10 most polluted places (13 photos)Maduro government \u0027occupies\u0027 Venezuela electronics chain\u0027Bama Greeks in $202 million building boomCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months5 Blunt Answers from Gov. Chris ChristieNeo-Nazis Stage Rally on Kristallnacht Anniversary in Kansas CityMan Breaks Past Airport Security Checkpoint, Breaks Into Plane at Seattle AirportWorld powers must \u0027seize moment\u0027 in Iran talks: BritainA look at some journalists missing in SyriaPolitical plagiarism: Will Rand Paul ever get out of \u0027detention?\u0027Comics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":40,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
