{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: I am ready to explode. My father-in-law dotes on my 16-year-old daughter, who is his only grandchild. The biggest issue, aside from his overspending, is that he takes her to and from school every day and then expects to stay and visit. I have neither the time nor the inclination to sit…The Philippines\u0027 taxman has long struggled to compel the country\u0027s elite pay its fair share, but a name-and-shame campaign targeting one of history\u0027s greatest boxers and the \"sexiest woman alive\" is aiming to change that. A crusade against wealthy Filipinos is part of President Benigno Aquino\u0027s…Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. Check out Kelley Blue Book\u0027s official list of the 10 coolest cars under $18,000.ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A mother on board a plane that crashed in remote southwest Alaska made a frantic phone call for help resuscitating her 5-month-old baby, then left the fatally injured boy to lead searchers hampered by cold and fog to the crash site.By Marina Lopes and Lesley Wroughton NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. airlines United, American and Delta, have notified Chinese authorities of flight plans when traveling through an air defense zone Beijing has declared over the East China Sea, following U.S. government advice. The United…Police Suspect this to be 10th Knockout Attack in New York.US President Barack Obama paid a visit Friday to hunger strikers calling for immigration reform, who are camped out on the National Mall in Washington. Accompanied by his wife, Michelle, the president stopped by the grassy esplanade several hundred meters (yards) from the White House, in a trip…Double major-winner Rory McIlroy won the Australian Open on Sunday with a birdie at the final hole, sensationally pipping the home favourite Adam Scott, to secure his first tournament victory of 2013. Scott was leading by a stroke with one hole to play and looked certain to become only the second…Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich pledged to do all he could to accelerate moves closer to the European Union while tens of thousands of protesters readied to rally on Sunday against what they called his broken promise to integrate with Europe. Tensions have risen in Kiev after riot police…More than 450,000 Christmas Lights illuminates the House. Rolf Vogt started the Decoration of his House in 2000. Since then, thousands of People come to the House every year. 75 Percent of the lights are LED lights, to save energy and money, Vogt says. (Getty Images)Scientists and skeptics continue to quibble over global warming, but meanwhile Americans and Europeans are bracing for what could be a mean ol’ winter, given early signs – including 1,000 low temp records set in the US over Thanksgiving break – that Winter 2014 could be a real teeth-chatterer. …Gareth Bale took his tally to eight goals in his last seven games with a hat-trick as Real Madrid shrugged off the loss of Cristiano Ronaldo to beat Valladolid 4-0. With the Portuguese sidelined by a slight muscle strain, Bale proved to be decisive as he headed home the opener after Diego Marino…Hong10, trumped reigning champion Mounir from France to take the Red Bull world breakdancing crown before a rapturous home crowd in Seoul on Saturday.Online US shopping for Black Friday deals soared to $3 billion during a two-day period beginning Thursday, with tablets and cell phones as top must-have items, estimates showed. That marked a 39 percent increase over 2012, according to software maker Adobe, which analyzed 400 million visits on…Brett Hundley propels No. 22 UCLA past No. 23 USC 35-14 for Bruins\u0027 2nd straight rivalry win        Follow this 1 surprisingly simple trick to get rid of unwanted beIIy like nothing else before! JLo did it and lost 26lbs.NEW DELHI (AP) — India\u0027s Mars orbiter mission left Earth\u0027s sphere of influence early Sunday after performing a maneuver to put it on its way to orbit the red planet.BEIJING (AP) — Two aspiring American rappers said Saturday that they had filmed part of a music video in North Korea, hoping the novel locale will make a hit.Hackenberg throws for 4 touchdowns, Penn State hangs on to upset No. 14 Wisconsin 31-24        Thirty-six million people in the U.S. suffer from migraine headaches.Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - The future of the world\u0027s largest tuna fishery will be decided at a meeting in Australia this week, with Pacific island nations demanding tighter controls on a catch now worth US$7.0 billion a year. A record 2.65 million tonnes of tuna was hauled from the Pacific…OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The weekly meetings of Mouthing Off!, a group for students at Mills College in Oakland, Calif., who identify as gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender, always start the same way. Members take turns going around the room saying their names and the personal pronouns they want…Sun, Dec 1","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Publicist: \u0027Fast \u0026 Furious\u0027 star dies in car crashOfficials say health care website is improvedU.S. calls on N. Korea to release war veteranDoting Granddad Overspends With His Time And MoneyPhilippines\u0027 embattled taxman takes aim at the famous10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Mother on crashed plane led searchers to wreckageU.S. airlines give China flight plans for new defense zone76-Year-Old Brooklyn Woman May Be Latest \u0027Knockout\u0027 Assault VictimObama visits immigration hunger strikers in US capitalMcIlroy shocks Scott to win golf Australian OpenUkraine\u0027s Yanukovich says will do his best to move towards EUHouse decorated with over 450,000 Christmas lights (11 photos)Mean Old Man Winter steps down from the North early: Will he stick around?Bale hits hat-trick in Madrid rompS. Korean wins Red Bull world breakdancing titleOnline sales soar in Black Friday two-day shopping frenzyHundley Leads No. 22 UCLA Past No. 23 USC 35-14JLo: \"I Lost 83% BeIIy Fat\"Indian craft leaves Earth\u0027s orbit on way to MarsUS rappers say they filmed music video in NKoreaPenn State Hangs on, Upsets No. 14 Wisconsin 31-24Zapping Away MigrainesShowdown looms for lucrative tuna industry\u0027Preferred\u0027 pronouns gain traction at US collegesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":43,"second":53},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
