{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Greg Torode HONG KONG (Reuters) - While the navies of the United States and its allies rushed to the aid of the typhoon-hit Philippines, a state-of-the-art Chinese hospital ship has stayed at home and in doing so has become a symbol of China\u0027s tepid response to the crisis. The decision not to…By Ari Rabinovitch JERUSALEM (Reuters) - President Shimon Peres urged Israelis on Friday to show respect for the United States, seeking to soothe relations with the country\u0027s most powerful ally that have been strained over Iran. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned a proposal, endorsed…Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. Check out Kelley Blue Book\u0027s official list of the 10 coolest cars under $18,000.Pilot Calls Mayday When Person Falls Out of his PlaneCHICAGO (AP) — Identical twins Kelly McCarthy and Kristen Maurer have shared a lot in their lives so when one was diagnosed with breast cancer, she urged the other to get tested, too.Sachin Tendulkar was dismissed for 74 in what could be his last-ever innings for India on Friday, shattering the hopes of a billion fans praying that the legendary batsman would bow out with a century. In his 200th and final Test match, the \"Little Master\" of cricket was caught in the slips on the…The Seventh Grader Made the Roll Despite a C and D on His Report Card.Russia is offering to sell Egypt modern helicopters and air defence systems in a landmark deal reportedly worth $2 billion that would mark a revival of large-scale military cooperation, a Russian official said Friday. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu…Uluru (Australia) (AFP) - For many tourists, the experience of seeing Uluru for the first time in the middle of the Australian desert heartland brings a feeling that is difficult to suppress -- an urge to clamber up the daunting formation once known as Ayers Rock. But while a modest link-chain…Richie Incognito filed grievance against the Miami Dolphins for his suspension over claims he harassed a teammate, saying the open-ended ban violates the NFL labor contract. The Dolphins suspended Incognito on November 3 after allegations that he directed a racial slur toward teammate Jonathan…Some mothers and daughters bond at the club, but some experts say that could be unhealthy.A Pennsylvania newspaper on Thursday retracted an 1863 editorial that dismissed President Abraham Lincoln\u0027s now revered Gettysburg Address delivered during the U.S. Civil War as \"silly remarks\" deserving a \"veil of oblivion.\" The editorial published on November 24, 1863, missed the \"momentous…The famous Kourtney, Khloe and Kim strike a pose to promote the Kardashian Kollection\u0027s holiday fashion at Sears. The Kardashians launched their first line with Sears in 2011, with \"the bold fashion that embodies each sister?s unique style and personality,\" the company says.        Dayna Morales, a former Marine, says a family left her an anti-gay note instead of a tip.TYN NAD VLTAVOU, Czech Republic (AP) — Just three years ago, the only thing that Zdenek Majzlik knew about cannabis was that it\u0027s good stuff for making rope. Today, the 67-year-old retired nuclear power plant employee is an experienced grower who cultivates pot for his daughter who has multiple…Become a cardmember today. Find a card, compare rewards and apply for an American Express Card.It\u0027s kimchi-making season in South Korea, with households across the country preparing and laying down stocks of the ubiquitous spicy side-dish for the coming winter. But many foreign visitors, including the most intrepid foodies, will probably leave without ever tasting a Korean-made version of…MARABUT, Philippines (AP) — Helicopters crisscross the skies constantly above this typhoon-wrecked Filipino town. In the ruins below, hungry residents look up anxiously every time they pass.The Florida home owned by Casey Anthony’s parents, where 2-year-old Caylee Anthony died in 2008, has gone into foreclosure. NationStar Mortgage LLC filed foreclosure documents against Cindy and George Anthony on Nov. 4. Mark Lippman, who represents Cindy and George Anthony, stated that he was...US aerospace giant Boeing said Thursday it was reviewing site options to build its new 777X airplane after a key union rejected a contract extension at its Seattle base. The International Association of Machinists \u0026 Aerospace Workers District 751 voted late Wednesday to turn down Boeing\u0027s proposal…TACLOBAN, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine government on Friday defended its efforts to deliver assistance to victims of Typhoon Haiyan, many of whom have received little or no assistance since the monster storm struck one week ago.Novak Djokovic is eyeing another Davis Cup win in Belgrade as he leads Serbia against the Czech Republic in the final which gets underway on Friday but much may depend on whether Janko Tipsarevic is fit or not. After sweeping world number one Rafael Nadal in straight sets in the ATP Tour Finals in…Fri, Nov 15","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"China to loosen one-child policy, end labour campsMarines killed in Calif. were doing dangerous jobUS Secret Service agents \u0027misbehaved in 17 countries\u0027No sign of help for Philippines from China\u0027s hospital shipIsrael\u0027s Peres warns against feud with U.S. over Iran10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Passenger Falls Out of Plane Off Florida CoastIdentical twins share breast cancer, rare surgeryStunned silence as Tendulkar misses century in final TestFlorida Principal Agrees With Mom Angry Over Son\u0027s Honor Roll StatusRussia offering Egypt helicopters, air defence systemsClimbers urged to resist lure of Australia\u0027s UluruIncognito files grievance against Dolphins over banLike Mother, Like Daughter in the Club?Pennsylvania paper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg AddressPhotos: Kardashian Sisters\u0027 New Sears Holiday FashionGay Waitress Denied Tip Because of \u0027Lifestyle\u0027Czechs in quandary over legal medical marijuanaView Special Offers on Our Most Popular CardsSouth Korea\u0027s growing \u0027kimchi deficit\u0027Typhoon-hit town feels forgotten as aid passes byCasey Anthony\u0027s Parents Face Foreclosure On HomeBoeing mulls sites for new plane after union rejectionPhilippine government defends typhoon responseTipsarevic fitness key to Djoko\u0027s Davis Cup dreamComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":13,"minute":39,"second":51},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
