{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"EDGARTOWN, Mass. (AP) — President Barack Obama\u0027s fourth summer vacation on the Massachusetts island of Martha\u0027s Vineyard is humming along with the usual golf games and basketball. But the family vibe is different. For the first time, daughters Malia and Sasha are missing, away at summer camp.NEW YORK (AP) — The government is putting its foot down on rising airfares and fees by blocking the latest airline merger — but for fliers, it\u0027s already too late.Local auto dealers are cutting their prices for the month of August. If you\u0027re looking for a new car this month, buy now and save as much as ...PYRAMID LAKE, Nev. (AP) — Ancient rock etchings along a dried-up lake bed in Nevada have been confirmed to be the oldest recorded petroglyphs in North America, dating back at least 10,000 years.Woman charged with assault of singer who dedicated tune to Trayvon Martin at Calif. blues fest        After eating pastured-pork sausages and drinking a few pints of San Diego-brewed beer, it barely registered that I wasn’t able to add a tip to my bill at The Linkery. In lieu of gratuities, the San Diego restaurant, which recently closed, added an 18 percent surcharge to every bill. That’s less…By Heide Brandes OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin on Wednesday stepped up pressure on the biological father of \"Baby Veronica,\" a 3-year-old Native American girl caught in a protracted adoption custody battle, warning him to cooperate with the girl\u0027s adoptive parents or face…A large UPS cargo plane crashed near an airport in Birmingham, Ala., shortly before dawn, the Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday. The pilot and co-pilot were killed in the crash, Birmingham Mayor William Bell said. There were no reports of additional injuries. The plane, an A300…Long-term results from a major federal study ease worries about the safety of a hormone-blocking drug that can lower a man\u0027s chances of developing prostate cancer.Food companies understand that Americans are increasingly interested in buying food that actually seems worth eating. We want food that\u0027s some degree of fresh, healthy, natural or otherwise of higher quality. It\u0027s for this reason that you see images of plump fruit decorating packages of cereal bars…Public officials, one-time supporters and public watchdogs are responding to the 2 1/2-year prison sentence imposed on ex-Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. for misusing $750,000 in campaign money.BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah claimed responsibility on Wednesday for explosions which wounded four Israeli soldiers who infiltrated into southern Lebanon last week. Nasrallah told Beirut-based Al-Mayadeen television that Hezbollah fighters planted bombs in an area…What do you get when you cross a jellyfish with a bunny rabbit? Glow in the dark bunnies. No, seriously. That’s not a joke. It’s not even science fiction. Scientists at the University of Hawaii have collaborated with a team of Turkish researchers to breed...Hiring managers see a lot of job applicants make the same mistakes over and over again, many of which are easily preventable if only applicants knew how hiring managers operate. Here are eight things that hiring managers wish all job candidates knew - both to help them hire more easily and to end…Just like your family pets, wild animals need veterinary care too! Here\u0027s a look at some wild patients and their caregivers from around the globe.From the creator of “Weeds” comes a heartbreaking and hilarious new series set in a women’s prison. Sign up Today to watch all 13 episodes!Only days after the Indian Navy celebrated one of its proudest achievements, it is now mourning one of its greatest losses.BANGKOK (AP) — Internet giant Google\u0027s Street View project, which has raised privacy concerns in several countries, has ignited a minor uproar in northern Thailand where villagers suspected its cameras were surveying for an unwanted dam project.Crews find new hole at Indiana sand dune where Illinois boy was buried last month        Hillary is moving into the headquarters of what is now the Bill, Hillary \u0026 Chelsea Clinton Foundation. That\u0027s where it gets tricky.Meet the fish known as the \"ball cutter\"By Andrew M. Seaman NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - In older people with low vitamin D levels and a common type of high blood pressure, vitamin D supplements do not appear to lower blood pressure, according to a new study from the UK. Among study participants who were at least 70 years old, researchers…Wed, Aug 14Doonesbury Wednesday, August 14 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsDoonesbury","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"278 dead after violent clashes in Egypt\u0027I\u0027m sorry that I hurt the United States\u0027Republicans seek different approaches to defund ObamacareA difference this Obama vacation: No daughters yetAirline mergers have already led to higher faresAuto Dealers Cut Prices for August 2013Nevada petroglyphs the oldest in North AmericaWoman Charged With Assaulting Singer at Blues FestIs Restaurant Tipping the Worst?Oklahoma governor seeks end to Native American adoption fightUPS cargo plane crashes in Alabama (8 photos)Drug safely cuts prostate cancer risk, study findsWhat Papa John\u0027s Doesn\u0027t Want You to Know About Their FoodIllinoisans react to Jesse Jackson Jr., Sandi Jackson sentencesHezbollah says it struck Israeli troops in LebanonGlow-in-the-Dark Rabbits Created8 Secrets of Hiring ManagersWild heath care: Wild animals need doctors too (27 photos)Orange is the New Black - A New Netflix OriginalExplosion at Mumbai port sinks Indian submarineThai villagers apologize for blocking Google carNew Hole Found at Indiana Dune That Swallowed Boy3 ways the the Clinton Foundation could complicate a Hillary campaignShould men be worried about the \u0027testicle-eating\u0027 pacu fish?Extra vitamin D doesn\u0027t cut high blood pressure: studyComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":11,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
