{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The grieving mother whose estranged husband threw their 3-year old son off a Manhattan skyscraper in a murder-suicide on Sunday said the act was his \"sick\" way of retaliating against her over a bitter custody dispute. Svetlana Kanarikov had recently agreed to Sunday visits between her estranged…Last week, Mike Petrosino, a 21-year-old recently diagnosed with terminal cancer, was given a chance to say goodbye to his dog, Rusty.Exotics are our specialty. All US tracks. Hawthorne, Santa Anita, Aqueduct, Turf Paradise, Calder, Gulfstream. Send for your reports today!Verizon and AT\u0026T have long insisted that the majority of their subscribers face no danger of going over their monthly data caps, but that may be about to change. The New York Times reports on a new study published this week showing that average monthly mobile data consumption in the United States…TIMEWASTER: NORAD\u0027s Santa Tracker is up and running? tracking Santa\u0027s progress as he delivers gifts around the world.NEW YORK (AP) — A father threw his young child off the roof of a 52-story Manhattan apartment building in a murder-suicide on the first day he was allowed to be alone with the boy amid an ugly custody battle with the mother, police officials said Monday.(This story is part of a series, \"Breakout: Inside China\u0027s military buildup\") By David Lague and Charlie Zhu HONG KONG (Reuters) - It\u0027s part of the lore of modern China. When paramount leader Deng Xiaoping was handing over power a generation ago, a widely recounted tale goes, he had some advice…SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that gay marriages can continue in Utah, denying a request from the state to halt same-sex weddings that have been occurring at a rapid rate since last week.The daughter of legendary New York Jets quarterback Joe Namath received an early Christmas gift when she was reunited with her beloved Shih Tzu five years after it went missing. Jessica Namath, 28, lost her cherished Shih Tzu mix named Tula when the puppy wandered...A modest appeal to save an Iraq War veteran’s severely injured dog has prompted an outpouring of support from animal lovers around the world, garnering enough donations to help other pets in need as well. After being hit by a snow plow truck on Dec....This week\u0027s top 10 paid and free apps for iPhone and iPad on the App Store        BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Maybe it was getting his first video game, Cosmic Avenger, for Christmas at age 12, and then having to wait an entire year for the hard-to-land Colecovision console to play it on that made Michael Thomasson so determined to get his hands on every video game and system he could…The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas.In December, I received an email from a client who was concerned about the stock market. He said, \"I have a feeling the stock market is overvalued, and I don\u0027t want to increase my investment in bonds now, so I was thinking about taking X amount out of stocks and putting it into an annuity.\" We\u0027ll…By Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK (Reuters) - Santa Claus has made an on-time departure from the North Pole, at least according to a U.S. military command that has made it a tradition to track the progress of Santa\u0027s reindeer-guided sleigh for millions of children. Santa was \"sticking to the same…Tell your story with your unique Watcheye Locket bracelet. Add charms to represent your family, friends or even pets. Wonderful Christmas gift.At a lake in California, cars are parked in what should be the middle of the lake under at least 20 feet of water.Bethlehem (Palestinian Territories) (AFP) - The Latin patriarch of Jerusalem called on Tuesday for a \"just and equitable solution\" to the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict and for reconciliation in the Middle East. Monsignor Fuad Twal issued his plea in a homily he is to deliver at…By Ari Rabinovitch TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israel plans to cut oil use in transportation by 60 percent by 2025, an aggressive target by world standards, and will tap into its newfound natural gas deposits to make it happen. \"The intent is to make Israel a power center that has knowledge and industry…Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday the final pieces were in place for the 2015 launch of an economic union with Belarus and Kazakhstan that Moscow hopes can also be joined by Ukraine. Putin promised following talks with Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and Belarussian leader…Dallas owner Jerry Jones still hopes Tony Romo will lead the Cowboys in a do-or-die NFL clash with Philadelphia, with the quarterback reportedly receiving an epidural injection to combat back pain. The Cowboys host the Eagles in the final game of the regular season on Sunday with the winners…Two NASA astronauts wrapped up successful repairs at the International Space Station after a rare Christmas Eve spacewalk to fix an equipment cooling system. Americans Rick Mastracchio, 53, and Mike Hopkins, 44, floated outside the orbiting lab for seven and a half hours to replace an ammonia pump…Tue, Dec 24","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedBrain-dead teen to be taken off life supportU.S. sends forces to Uganda for possible S. Sudan evacsNYC mayor-elect\u0027s daughter reveals drug abuseMother of boy thrown by dad from NY highrise blames custody fightPhoto: Dying man says goodbye to his dogHorse Racing Handicap Picks by ComputerThis is what could force Verizon and AT\u0026T to finally ditch data capsSANTA TRACKERNYPD: Father throws son, himself off buildingSpecial Report: Rising China\u0027s pride and challenge - its mighty armyFederal court: No halt to gay marriages in UtahJoe Namath\u0027s Daughter Scores Reception of Lost Dog 5 Years LaterAppeal to Help Veteran\u0027s Dog Prompts Outpouring of DonationsThe Top iPhone and iPad Apps on App StoreNY man\u0027s 10,607 video games secure Guinness title10 Colleges With the Highest Percentage of Students in ESLWhat Market Highs Mean for Your Retirement MoneySanta\u0027s on schedule as NORAD tracks flight pathWhat\u0027s Your Story?Lake`s Water Level Dropping Several Feet a DayJerusalem patriarch urges \u0027just\u0027 Israel-Palestinian solutionIsrael\u0027s new motor fuels strategy leans on gasPutin says new post-Soviet union ready for 2015 launchNFL Cowboys owner Jones still hoping Romo playsAstronauts wrap up successful spacewalk to fix stationComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":8,"second":53},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
