{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A 3-month-old Indian baby is the center of a medical mystery as doctors are trying to determine if the infant suffered from spontaneous human combustion, according to the New York Times.  The infant is being treated at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital in Chennai, India,...Fabiola and Melissa Baptiste schlepped down from Harlem at 5:30 a.m. Thursday morning to stand in line at a swanky Soho bakery run by Chef Dominique Ansel. Their objective: one of his freshly baked Cronuts.If you\u0027re looking for an affordable small car that isn\u0027t boring check out our annual list of the 10 coolest cars under $25,000 now.WASHINGTON (AP) — More than a third of House Republicans urged their leader Thursday to trigger a government shutdown rather than fund the implementation of the health care overhaul they call \"Obamacare.\"By Ellen Wulfhorst NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bradley Manning, the U.S. soldier convicted this week of leaking 700,000 classified documents in the biggest breach of secret data in the country\u0027s history, could soon be entangled in another legal showdown over the stated desire to live as a woman called…By Susan Guyett INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Planned Parenthood filed a federal challenge on Thursday to an Indiana law requiring clinics that administer the so-called abortion pill to have full surgical facilities, which it says would halt abortion services at a clinic in the state. Under the law,…Teen\u0027s emotional explanation about letters to the kidnapper who killed her mother and brother.Following reports of a large-scale chemical weapons strike, pressure is mounting on the United States and its Western allies to act to halt the violence in Syria.When you’re about to compete in your first electric car race, brace yourself for the sound … of silence. But don’t let those quiet engines fool you because these days, quiet means fast. With every major car company looking for a share of the booming electric car market, the competition to go faster…It began with bubbles. Bubbles of gas throughout the bayou. Nothing to get hysterical about. But it kept getting worse. NEW YORK (AP) — New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says legislation passed by the City Council will make it more difficult for police officers to protect the city and continue to drive down crime.\"She did the right thing given what she knew.”Real Madrid put shirts bearing the name of Wales winger Gareth Bale up for sale on Thursday, media reported, as a world record deal for the Tottenham player appeared to enter its closing stages.By Tim Cocks BAGEGA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Like almost everything else in Nigeria\u0027s economy, mining of metals and other solid minerals fell by the wayside when the West African nation discovered oil. In the two decades to 1954, foreign companies produced around 360,000 ounces of gold in total,…The best news photos of the day for August 22, 2013.Have a $500,000 Portfolio? Get the 15-Minute Retirement Plan by Forbes Columnist Ken Fisher\u0027s Firm. Learn More Here!(Reuters) - A New Mexico event photographer\u0027s refusal on religious grounds to shoot the commitment ceremony of a same-sex couple amounted to illegal discrimination, the state\u0027s highest court ruled on Thursday. New Mexico, along with 20 other states and the District of Columbia, has a law that…Instead of bringing relief, the recent capture of drug lords in northern Mexico has raised fears of new turf wars in border cities that are major US trafficking routes.ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Like so many visitors to Alaska, Phyllis McNamara was eager for a seven-day cruise along a majestic stretch of coast that is teeming with whales, bears and glaciers.Just like this time last year, New England lobstermen are lamenting the low prices they’re landing for their hard work on the water. Off-the-boat prices for the tasty crustaceans have dipped to as low as $2.20 a pound. Part of the reason is because the region is experiencing a continued profusion…Britain is running a secret Internet surveillance station in the Middle East, a report said Thursday citing the latest leaked documents obtained by fugitive US security contractor Edward Snowden.TOKYO/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Two Russian bombers briefly entered Japan\u0027s air space near its major southern island of Kyushu on Thursday, prompting Japan to scramble its fighter jets and lodge a protest, the Japanese government said, but Russia denied any intrusion. The two TU-95 bombers spent less than…Thu, Aug 22Pearls Before Swine Thursday, August 22 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsPearls Before Swine","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"U.N. urges Syria to allow gas attack inspectionYosemite wildfire surges to 84 square milesDeparting FBI chief\u0027s biggest worry is an attack on a planeDoctors Investigate Indian Baby for Spontaneous CombustionCronut craze consumes New York: Just two per customer! And no cutting!10 Coolest Cars Under $25,00080 House members: Shutdown better than \u0027Obamacare\u0027Bradley Manning faces legal and social difficulties as transgenderPlanned Parenthood sues Indiana over abortion clinic requirementsHannah Anderson Explains Why She Wrote Letters to Her AbductorWhat are the West\u0027s military options in Syria?Why Texas Bans the Sale of Tesla CarsMining Madness: 750-Foot-Deep Sinkhole Swallows Louisiana TownMayor: New NYPD oversight jeopardizes city safety‘They’re Shooting at Us’: Police Lock Down Christian School Over Report of Gunfight, Surprised to Find Staff Playing With…Bale Real shirts for sale as record deal nearsNorth Nigeria\u0027s poor beat path to nascent mining boomPhotos of the day - August 22, 2013 (30 photos)Is it Time to Retire?Refusal to photograph New Mexico same-sex couple ruled illegalCaptures bring more fear than relief at Mexico borderAlaska cruise cancellations disrupt vacationsConsider the Lobster PricesBritain has secret Middle East web surveillance base: reportJapan accuses Russia of air space intrusion; Moscow denies itComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":15,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
