{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"\"Our finger must always be on the pulse. Ours is a responsible finger and if necessary, it will also be on the trigger.\"NEW YORK (AP) — Mile Cyrus made Lady Gaga look surprisingly tame as the pop stars opened the MTV Video Music Awards.Exclusive short video reveals the secret to start speaking any language in just 10 days!MOSCOW (AP) — NSA leaker Edward Snowden spent two days in the Russian Consulate in Hong Kong directly before flying to Moscow on what turned out to be an abortive attempt to reach asylum in Latin America, the respected newspaper Kommersant reported Monday, citing unidentified sources in Snowden\u0027s…The company dubbed the Apple Mac of the car world has officially conquered California, America\u0027s most important and trend-defining car-buying state, and now it has its sights firmly set on doing the same on the other side of the Atlantic with the opening of its first European production plant.Never-before-seen photographs of celebrities captured in informal moments by the artist Andy Warhol are to be sold. The American pop artist used photography as a medium of art towards the end of his career and had a tendency to snap spontaneous moments. (BNPS)By Andrea Shalal-Esa WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pratt \u0026 Whitney, a unit of United Technologies Corp, has reached an agreement in principle with the Pentagon on a contract to build 39 engines for a sixth batch of F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, three sources familiar with the deal said on Monday. The…A student at Texas Tech University appears to be the first American to have his driver’s license photo taken — and to successfully obtain a driver’s license — while wearing a pasta strainer on his head.By Anthony Deutsch AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - As U.N. weapons inspectors came under fire in Syria on Monday, the evidence of an apparent large-scale chemical weapons attack they are seeking is already fading from the scene. The longer it takes the 20-member team to get to the spot where rockets carrying…SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Aside from a handful of boneheaded penalties Jim Harbaugh will most certainly address this week, the San Francisco 49ers looked rather familiar in Week 3 of the preseason.ATLANTA (AP) — Coca-Cola keeps the recipe for its 127-year-old soda inside an imposing steel vault that\u0027s bathed in red security lights. Several cameras monitor the area to make sure the fizzy formula stays a secret.CHICAGO (AP) — Busy, unfamiliar streets were made a bit friendlier Monday, the first day of school in Chicago, thanks to hundreds of newly hired safety guards. But some parents expressed doubt the effort would protect their children, who now must cross gang boundaries to get to their new classrooms…The sexy, sensual world of tango is experiencing a shake-up, as same-sex couples compete for the first time in the world championships in Argentina, where the dance was born.America is slowly, and I mean slowly, climbing back from soul-crushing unemployment. As the recovery lurches forward, however, there are still many people losing jobs. It\u0027s a frightening experience, but one that doesn\u0027t have to end badly. Here are 10 steps you can take to get back to work as…Family of Fla. boy with brain infection caused by amoeba trusting in God, despite diagnosis        Quality and durability in a fun-to-drive package. Incredible driving with incredible fuel efficiency is now a reality. Check out the Mazda3 today!Tottenham have received offers from more than one club for Real Madrid target Gareth Bale, according to reports on Monday.In the past two months U.S. zoos have delivered four panda cubs.By Esha Dey (Reuters) - Imagine a weight-loss drug that not only helps you shed a few pounds, but does so without asking you to diet or exercise. In an industry dogged by safety concerns, a private U.S. company is betting on a new approach to deliver just such a treatment that could end up being…If she sticks around till 2017 and there\u0027s a Republican in the White House...In a unanimous 1-0 ruling, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg declared over the weekend that she has no plans to retire.Ginsburg, 80, is the oldest member of a relatively old court, and some on the left have…The founder of a dating service promoting adultery is setting his sights on China\u0027s cheating hearts after a controversial launch in Hong Kong.A television series by streaming video service Netflix about a middle-class white woman learning to get by in a women\u0027s prison has slowly and quietly become a smash hit in America.Mon, Aug 26B.C. Monday, August 26 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsB.C.","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Syria conflict pits Russia against WestConvicted Fort Hood gunman begins sentencing phaseChina\u0027s Bo drops love triangle charge at trial endHow Bad Could Syria Get? What Israelis Are Flocking to Snatch Up Could Be a ClueMiley Cyrus, Gaga vie for attention at MTV\u0027s VMAsLanguage Secret RevealedReport: Snowden reached out to Russia back in HKTesla outselling Porsche, Range Rover in CaliforniaWarhol snap shots (15 photos)Exclusive: United Tech, Pentagon in $1 billion-plus deal for F-35 engines - sourcesPastafarian student allowed to wear pasta strainer on head for driver’s license photoSyria chemical evidence fades as U.N. team under fireKaepernick, 49ers\u0027 defense strong in 34-14 winIs Coke the same as it was 127 years ago? MaybeChicago stands watch as kids return to schoolSame-sex pairs shake up tango championship in ArgentinaThe 10 Step \u0027I Just Got Fired\u0027 Action PlanBoy With Rare Brain Infection on VentilatorThe All-New Mazda3Spurs \u0027have more than one offer for Bale\u0027National Zoo\u0027s May Jong Gives Birth to New Panda CubNew entrant in obesity drug race targets body, not the mindShould liberals root for Ruth Bader Ginsburg to retire?Adultery website focuses on Hong Kong marriagesWoman\u0027s prison drama-comedy a smash hit in USComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":19,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
