{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The Federal Bureau of Investigation is conducting an independent investigation of the fatal shooting of a popular 13-year-old boy by a sheriff\u0027s deputy in Northern California.ST. LOUIS (AP) — A look at Game 3 of the World Series at Busch Stadium on Saturday night as the Boston Red Sox take on the St. Louis Cardinals:These are the top dogs of fuel efficiency! Starting at a combined 40 mpg, we’ve ranked the top gas sipping cars of 2013. See who’s made the cut today!Ore. School District Allows Guns on School Grounds for Teachers, StaffLOS ANGELES (AP) — Marcia Wallace, the voice of scoffing schoolteacher Edna Krabappel on \"The Simpsons,\" whose wise-cracking characters on \"The Bob Newhart Show\" and other prime-time hits endeared her to generations of TV viewers, has died.By Ronnie Cohen SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The FBI has launched an independent investigation into a deputy sheriff\u0027s killing of a 13-year-old boy while he was walking to a friend\u0027s house this week to return a replica of an assault rifle, a spokesman said on Saturday. Sonoma County Sheriff Steve…Beijing (AFP) - A Chinese newspaper issued a front-page apology on Sunday recanting its bold defence of an employee arrested after reporting on a company\u0027s \"financial problems\", adding another twist to the high-profile media controversy.Danish Royals visit the bushfire-ravaged town of Winmalee in Australia\u0027s Blue Mountains. Sarah Toms reports.COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Hobbled by a sprained left knee, Connor Shaw asked Steve Spurrier if he could play Saturday night at Missouri.DES MOINES — Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Tx., gave the keynote address at a state Republican party fundraiser here this evening and told the crowd the country is “facing a new paradigm in politics and it is the paradigm of the rise of the grassroots” and...Phoenix police find 5 people, 2 dogs shot to death at apartment complex        By Andrea Lorenz HOUSTON (Reuters) - Every few days, Joe Stuckey unleashes chemicals on the legions of tiny ants that invade his home and swarm over his 40-acre property south of Houston. Once they die, he scoops up them up by the shovel-full. Then he repeats the ritual. \"It\u0027s literally a huge…California wildlife experts and cops are baffled — and angered — by whoever is shooting sea lions whose corpses are washing up along the Malibu coast. “I have no idea why people would shoot a sea lion,” Jonsie Ross of the California Wildlife Center told...By Kevin Murphy (Reuters) - A Tennessee man faces six felony weapons charges after police found two rifles, two handguns and high-capacity ammunition in luggage he was trying to check at New York\u0027s John F. Kennedy International Airport on Saturday, an official said. Police arrested Keenan Draughon,…San Francisco (AFP) - An enormous floating barge has emerged in the San Francisco Bay, which tech-savvy sleuths suspect is a massive data center being constructed by Google, the CNET blog reported.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates on their credit cards. Compare leading credit card offers for 2013 and lock in 0% APR for 18 months.Thousands of \"Stars of Hope\" have been attached to utility poles in the Staten Island borough of New York, The stars are made of wood and have been painted with inspirational messages by community organizations to bring hope to the locals. As the first year anniversary of Hurricane Sandy…Paris (AFP) - Emerging markets have helped rake in a corporate earnings bonanza in recent years, but a sudden plunge in their currencies in mid-2013 due to an expected cut in US stimulus has sorely hit sales and profit.TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — Gov. Chris Christie says he understands victims\u0027 frustrations a year after Superstorm Sandy but maintains that his administration isn\u0027t to blame for delays in aid reaching victims.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Hal Needham, a top Hollywood stuntman who turned to directing rousing action films including \"Smokey and the Bandit\" and \"The Cannonball Run,\" has died. He was 82.Jakarta (AFP) - Fed up with spending hours stuck in the gridlocked Indonesian capital Jakarta, hundreds of thousands of social media-savvy commuters are tweeting to beat the traffic.ROME (Reuters) - Europe\u0027s tallest and most active volcano Mount Etna erupted on Saturday, spewing glowing lava into the air and sending a vast plume of smoke over the southern Italian island of Sicily. The eruption did not require any mountain villages to be evacuated or cause significant…Sun, Oct 27","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"N.C. ride operator charged with assaultArrest ends Calif. shootout that wounded 6 officersN.J.\u0027s Christie blames aid delay on DCFBI to investigate shooting of Calif. 13-year-oldWORLD SERIES WATCH: Red Sox tie it again at 4Top 40+ MPG Cars of 2013Ore. School Board Votes to Allow Staff to Pack Heat at SchoolMarcia Wallace dies, voice of \u0027Simpsons\u0027 KrabappelFBI probes California deputy\u0027s killing of boy with toy gunChina newspaper recants bold defence of arrested reporterDanish Royals visit Australian bushfire-ravaged townNo. 20 S Carolina rallies past No. 5 Mizzou in 2OTTed Cruz Blames Senate Republicans For Obamacare LossPhoenix Police: 5 People Found Shot to DeathTiny \u0027crazy ants\u0027 are a giant nuisance for U.S. Gulf CoastSea Lions Getting Shot Along Malibu CoastMan arrested with four guns at New York\u0027s Kennedy airportGoogle presumed builder of floating data centerCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months\u0027Stars of Hope\u0027: Inspirational messages for Staten Island Sandy victims (39 photos)World currency turbulence hits company earningsAP Interview: NJ\u0027s Christie blames aid delay on DCStuntman and \u0027Smokey\u0027 director Hal Needham diesIndonesian capital tweets to beat traffic chaosItaly\u0027s Mount Etna volcano eruptsComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":11,"minute":13,"second":17},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
