{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A Chinese naval vessel came dangerously close to a US warship during a tense incident in the South China Sea last week, US military officials said Friday. The USS Cowpens, a guided missile cruiser, was forced to maneuver to avoid a collision with the Chinese ship that had crossed directly in front…VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis may have been named Time magazine\u0027s Person of the Year, but he has come under scathing criticism from a growing number of traditionalist Catholics for cracking down on a religious order that celebrates the old Latin Mass. The case has become a flashpoint in the…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.Kardashian Filed Friday For Divorce After Four Years of Marriage.The shipwrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner could be re-floated by June 2014, the engineer overseeing the long-delayed salvage operation off the Italian island of Giglio said on Saturday. \"This would allow us to re-float the ship by June,\" Franco Porcellacchia told local residents on Giglio,…HONOLULU (AP) — After a 70-year-old Hawaii man survived a flight that crash-landed in Hawaii waters, he swam about a half-mile in 6-foot waves to Molokai\u0027s rugged shoreline, thinking the eight others aboard the small commercial plane were fine bobbing in their life vests, awaiting rescue.By Pete Sweeney SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China landed an unmanned spacecraft on the moon on Saturday, state media reported, in the first such \"soft-landing\" since 1976, joining the United States and the former Soviet Union in managing to accomplish such a feat. The Chang\u0027e 3, a probe named after a…Iran has quit nuclear talks with world powers, accusing Washington on Friday of going against the spirit of a landmark agreement reached last month by expanding its sanctions blacklist. US Secretary of State John Kerry and a spokesman for EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, who represents…By Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK (Reuters) - Another round of wintry weather battered the U.S. Midwest and East Coast on Saturday as a massive storm spanning more than 1,000 miles dumped heavy snow, snarling air traffic and making roads treacherous for driving. Airlines reported weather-related…\"If you like your health care plan, you can keep it,\" President Barack Obama said. That statement eventually earned Obama a \"Pants on Fire\" rating from the political fact-checking site. Now, Obama has garnered PolitiFact\u0027s annual \"Lie of the Year\" award. In a poll, 59 percent rated Obama\u0027s claim…JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Another snag hit South Africa\u0027s long goodbye to anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela on Saturday when his longtime ally Desmond Tutu said he had not been accredited as a clergyman at the funeral by the government so would not attend.In June, 16-year-old Ethan Couch plowed his pickup truck into two vehicles parked on the side of a Texas highway, killing four people and injuring nine. Media pundits, outraged citizens and the families of the deceased are now howling for justice after Couch got a relatively lenient sentence: 10…By Rachel W. Miller , Lover.ly We recently shared the top trends we\u0027re hoping to see this engagement season ; one of those was unique engagement gifts that aren\u0027t necessarily rings. Like, say, an engagement puppy . Then we received the best picture and proposal story about a dog that we\u0027d ever…ATLANTA (AP) — For the Braves, abandoning downtown Atlanta for the suburbs means moving closer to the team\u0027s fan base and developing money-making restaurants and amenities. Team officials say it\u0027s simply good business.Surprisingly simple solution to help your joints. See why these ingredients are flying off shelvesCENTENNIAL, Colo. (AP) — Investigators were looking Saturday at whether revenge motivated a teenage gunman to enter his suburban Denver high school armed with a shotgun looking for a specific teacher.HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam (AP) — Forty-four years after first setting foot in the country as a young naval officer, John Kerry returned once more to Vietnam on Saturday, this time as America\u0027s top diplomat offering security assurances and seeking to promote democratic and economic reform.Bigotry in America has marginalized a diverse range of minority culture. “I was expecting it to get more attention as well, the numbers are so startling,” says Turner.Alabama\u0027s Nick Saban is staying put, apparently for the duration of his coaching career.By Jon Herskovitz AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - When 107-year-old World War Two veteran Elmer Hill looked across the table at Richard Overton, he could hardly believe there was a living veteran older than him - even if only by a few months. According to the White House, Obama said at the time: \"When…ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Companies in New Mexico and Missouri could begin slaughtering horses within a few weeks after a federal appeals court removed a temporary ban that was preventing domestic horse slaughter from resuming for the first time since 2007.Sat, Dec 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedPolice investigate motive of Colo. high school shooterMandela\u0027s body journeys to funeral site in ancestral villageSomber remembrances mark anniversary of Sandy Hook tragedyUS, Chinese warships nearly collide in S. China SeaPope\u0027s crackdown on order alarms traditionalistsCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom: 5 Signs Divorce Was ComingItaly cruise wreck to be re-floated by JuneChinese naval vessel tries to halt U.S. warship in international watersHawaii survivor: Plane lost power, then glidedChinese unmanned spacecraft lands on moonIran quits nuclear talks protesting US blacklist moveStorm packing heavy snow hits U.S. Midwest, Northeast\u0027Lie of the Year\u0027: Why Obama\u0027s healthcare claim is a \u0027winner\u0027Desmond Tutu: Not invited to Mandela funeralIs \u0027Affluenza\u0027 Contagious?10 Reasons a Dog is Better Than an Engagement Ring (10 photos)Planned Braves stadium move highlights race, classClever Joint SolutionRevenge probed as motive in Colo. school shootingNow top US diplomat, Kerry returns to VietnamRacism Literally Costs America $2 Trillion...Ready to Stop Payment?Saban, Alabama reach long-term agreementOldest U.S. World War Two veterans meet for first time at age 107Appeals court allows horse slaughterhouses to openComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":27,"second":35},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
