{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"NASA\u0027s newest robotic explorer rocketed into space late Friday in an unprecedented moonshot from Virginia.Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal must quell a double-edged assault from masters of the dying art of the single-handed backhand if they are to set up a blockbuster US Open final.Take Netflix anywhere you go. Unlimited streaming from your favorite device for only $7.99/month.WASHINGTON (AP) — Suggesting an uphill fight for President Barack Obama, House members staking out positions are either opposed to or leaning against his plan for a U.S. military strike against Syria by more than a 6-1 margin, a survey by The Associated Press shows. The Senate is more evenly…NEW YORK (AP) — Serena Williams was cruising along in the U.S. Open semifinals, serving up another bagel, when, out of nowhere, a competitive tennis match broke out.Russian warships are gathering in the waters off Syria. According to AFP, three ships from Russia’s Black Sea Fleet sailed through Turkey’s Bosphorus Strait on Thursday: the SSV-201 intelligence-gathering ship Priazovye, and the landing ships Minsk and Novocherkassk.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. spy agencies said on Friday that the latest media revelations based on leaks from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden will likely damage U.S. and allied intelligence efforts. On Thursday, the Guardian, the New York Times and journalistic nonprofit…During the Cascamorras Festival, and according to an ancient tradition, the people from Baza try to stain with this grease the Cascamorras, a man coming from the nearby village of Guadix to steal the statue of the Virgen de la Piedad, or Virgin of Mercy. He can only recover the statue if he…MIAMI (AP) — The cable spy drama \"Burn Notice\" is coming to an end, but it\u0027s certainly not being burned itself.Usain Bolt is ready to chill out on holiday after bagging another three world gold medals in a season during which he suffered only one defeat, and that was by one-hundredth of a second.(Reuters) - The Dallas Zoo will raise a pair of cheetah cubs with a Labrador retriever puppy, believing the dog will be a calming influence on the big cats as they grow to adulthood. The 8-week-old male cheetahs Winspear and Kamau have arrived in Dallas, the zoo said, after a team of experts spent…Spanish King Juan Carlos\u0027s scandal-hit daughter Cristina and her husband have put their seven-room mansion in Barcelona up for sale for 9.8 million euros ($12.9 million), Spanish media reported Friday.By Mark Hosenball WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With the United States threatening to attack Syria, U.S. and allied intelligence services are still trying to work out who ordered the poison gas attack on rebel-held neighborhoods near Damascus. No direct link to President Bashar al-Assad or his inner…PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who recently officiated at a friend\u0027s same-sex wedding, told a Philadelphia audience Friday that growing acceptance of gay marriage reflects the \"genius\" of the U.S. Constitution.The huge wildfire in Yosemite National Park became California\u0027s third biggest ever Friday, but officials re-opened a key road into the tourist landmark as firefighters got a grip on it.Rich Dad Education DC Area: October 14th - 17th for FREE 2-Hour Seminars. Free gift for attending!The family of one half of a young teen couple from Michigan, who apparently ran away together eleven days ago, is searching for answers as to why their daughter\u0027s boyfriend wanted to leave town.        Applying to college is a journey that involves finding the right school, submitting applications and then -- if you\u0027re lucky -- choosing among the acceptance letters and financial aid awards to find that place you\u0027ll call home for the next few years.A squirrel in Louisiana is still climbing trees and gathering nuts after taking a bullet in the arm.1. Katee Sackhoff might star in a Marvel superhero movieToday in better late than never: After two Thor movies, two Captain America movies, and three Iron Man movies, Marvel is finally starting to entertain the idea of a female-led superhero franchise. In a recent interview, director Louis…NEW YORK (AP) — Samsung said Friday that its new versions of its Galaxy Note smartphone and tablet, along with its new smartwatch, will go on sale in the U.S. next month.RIVERSIDE, Calif. (AP) — A fiery explosion leveled one Southern California home, damaged two others and shook the neighborhood before dawn Friday, jolting residents awake but causing no apparent injuries.Fri, Sep 6Doonesbury Friday, September 6 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsDoonesbury","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Liftoff! NASA moon probe launchesPope leads fasting and prayer day for Syria9/11 Memorial \u0026 Museum nears completionNASA launches robotic explorer to moon from Va.Djokovic, Nadal braced for old-school assault at US OpenStream TV Shows and Movies Anywhere Any TimeAP survey: House shows opposition to Syria attackWilliams sets up meeting with Azarenka in finalRussian warships: Why are they sailing toward Syria?U.S. spy agencies decry latest Snowden revelationsCascamorras Festival (13 photos)\u0027Burn Notice\u0027 set to end after 7 seasons in MiamiBolt ready to chill after another golden seasonDallas Zoo to raise cheetah cubs with a Labrador puppySpain king\u0027s scandal-hit daughter puts mansion up for saleDirect link between Assad and gas attack elusive for U.S.Ginsburg: Gay marriage shows Constitution\u0027s geniusYosemite fire grows to California\u0027s third biggest everRich Dad Education Washington DC AreaSearch for Missing Star-Crossed Teens Leaves Families Baffled2014 Best Colleges Preview: Top 10 National Liberal Arts CollegesBulletproof Squirrel Is an Outdoor SurvivorThe daily gossip: Katee Sackhoff might star in a Marvel superhero movie, and moreSamsung\u0027s new Galaxy Notes to go on sale in Oct.Explosion, fire destroys Southern California homeComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":37,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
