{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Heide Brandes OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - A 3-year-old Native American girl known as \"Baby Veronica\" will not immediately be transferred from the custody of her Oklahoma biological father to a South Carolina couple who adopted her, the Oklahoma Supreme Court has ruled. The ruling, which was made…The third day of New York City\u0027s Electric Zoo music festival was canceled by the mayor\u0027s office this weekend, following the tragic deaths of two twenty-something revelers.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates on their credit cards. Compare leading credit card offers for 2013 and lock in 0% APR for 18 months.\"No child should go to school every day, from kindergarten to grade twelve, to be faced with an exercise that defines patriotism according to religious belief.\"A selection of images from the Galapagos Islands. (Reuters)DETROIT (AP) — More than 81 U.S. car models will be new or refreshed in the 2014 model year, from big-selling mainstream cars like the Toyota Corolla to rarified supercars like the $1.3 million LaFerrari.For the majority of prospective college students and their families, cost is a major factor in determining which schools are viable options. Knowing which schools are best buys - which colleges provide the highest quality education for the lowest price - is imperative.By William Maclean BEIRUT (Reuters) - The world\u0027s most powerful man decides to threaten Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. \"We will strike with all our might,\" says U.S. President Barack Obama, depicted in a cartoon in Saudi newspaper Alsharq. But when? Wearing a dreamy smile, Obama replies: \"In a…Roger Federer crashed out of the US Open in the fourth round while Rafael Nadal captured his 19th hardcourt win in a row to reach the quarter-finals without having allowed a service break.LONDON (AP) — Some love it, others hate it. London\u0027s newest skyscraper has divided opinion, but now it\u0027s really heating things up — literally.NEW YORK (AP) — A federal jury has rejected the argument that use of the N-word among blacks can be a culturally acceptable term of love and endearment, deciding its use in a workplace rant was hostile and discriminatory.A few years ago, I was counting my running success in increments of tenths of a mile. I wasn\u0027t a beginning runner. Worse, I was an injured runner. I had run several races, trail races and a half-marathon trail race before I found myself hobbling to a doctor and meeting my physical therapist for the…AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The Texas National Guard refused to process requests from same-sex couples for benefits on Tuesday, citing the state constitution\u0027s ban on gay marriage, despite a Pentagon directive to do so.By Dasha Afanasieva ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A forensic expert with evidence President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s government used chemical weapons near Aleppo in March has defected to Turkey, the Syrian opposition said on Tuesday, but the medic failed to appear at a planned news conference. Washington is…Mobile phone pioneer Nokia on Tuesday announced the sale of its sinking handset business to software giant Microsoft, which is fighting to catch up with rivals Apple and Google in the fierce smartphone market.For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.Londoners have been shielding their eyes from the blinding glare reflected from the glass facade of 20 Fenchurch Street -- nicknamed the Walkie Talkie because of its flared shape -- while several drivers have complained that the beam has melted parts of their vehicles. (AFP)By Bill Cotterell MARIANNA, Florida (Reuters) - Researchers completed on Tuesday their initial search for the remains of juveniles believed to have been secretly buried more than 50 years ago at a notorious former reform school in the Florida Panhandle. Anthropologists, archaeologists, graduate…At the upcoming Frankfurt Motor Show, BMW will reveal the production model of its Spyder i8 hybrid car, previously presented as a prototype. The German manufacturer is teasing the upcoming reveal with a new video released a matter of days before the Motor Show. The model is slated to arrive at…There are always bad guys in comic books — rogues and evil geniuses out for world domination. In DC Comics\u0027 slate of \"New 52\" titles there\u0027s about to be nothing but villains as the universe finds itself under assault and protected by an unlikely hero: Lex Luthor.A new promo for Season 5 of \"The Vampire Diaries\" has just surfaced, and it\u0027s packed with all kinds of doppelganger goodness!I grew up in rural Kentucky, where deteriorating mobile homes ruled – and spoiled – the landscape. When I grew up, I vowed, I would do something about it. Little did I realize the solution – one that would help the environment and benefit thousands of families – would involve the very thing I once…Tue, Sep 3Wizard of Id Tuesday, September 3 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsWizard of Id","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Live: Lawmakers grill Obama aides on SyriaSyria said to be hiding weapons, moving troopsPoll shows clear leader in NYC Democratic mayoral primary\u0027Baby Veronica\u0027 to stay with birth father for now: Oklahoma high courtWhat is molly? Everything you need to know about the party drugCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months‘Under God’ Atheist Family’s Pledge Battle That Could Have Nationwide Implications Heads to Mass. Supreme CourtThe Galapagos Islands (16 photos)From Corolla to Corvette: new car models in 20142014 Best Colleges Preview: Top 10 Best Value SchoolsIn Mideast, view of U.S. as hesitant superpower sharpensFederer stunned while Nadal rolls on at US OpenLondon skyscraper accused of melting carNY case puts N-word use among blacks on trialCan Crossfit Improve Running?Texas Guard refuses to process same-sex benefitsSyrian defector has proof of March chemical attack: oppositionMicrosoft buys Nokia phones to fight Apple, GoogleTop-10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditLondon skyscraper glares (7 photos)Grim search for remains at ex-Florida reform school ends for nowBMW to unveil finished version of i8 hybrid at FrankfurtFor DC, the villains take the reins\u0027The Vampire Diaries\u0027 Season 5 Promo: Doppelgangers Galore!Manufactured homes can provide low-cost housing that saves energy tooComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":3,"second":35},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
