{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"An 8-Month-Old Baby Boy Was Left in a Stroller in a Firehouse GarageALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The 10-year-old New Mexico boy lived in an abusive, filthy home and had tried desperately to get help to stop the beatings he and his younger siblings had for years faced at the hands of their abusive father, his attorney says.Explore our credit cards and rewards. Find the right card for you and earn cash back, travel or points. Become a cardmember today. Apply now!A 7-foot long boa constrictor that was sunning in its owner’s backyard has slithered away and cops are on alert for it. “Apparently, during the warmer weather, the owner lets the snake get some sun. … That’s how the snake escaped,” Police Chief Brian Craig...By Crispian Balmer and Yasmine Saleh CAIRO (Reuters) - Deeply polarized Egypt braced for renewed confrontation on Friday after the Muslim Brotherhood called for a nationwide march of millions to show anger at a ferocious security crackdown on Islamists in which hundreds were killed. Defying…By Veronica Hackethal, MD NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Many young women use the \"pull-out method\" for birth control, and they tend to have more unintended pregnancies than other women, a new study suggests. Researchers compiling surveys from more than 2,000 women ages 15 to 24 found 31 percent had…MASON, Ohio (AP) — Roger Federer could finally bask in some warm feelings during his rough summer. No surprise that they finally came at one of his favorite tournaments.A warning is out about a scam by people calming to be agents with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, which says victims get calls from by the scammers seeking personal information or money.BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Federal investigators found no initial evidence that a UPS cargo jet suffered engine failure or was burning before it clipped trees at the end of a runway and slammed into a hillside, killing the two crew members onboard, officials said Thursday.By Marice Richter DALLAS (Reuters) - Wendy Davis, the Texas state senator who wore pink tennis shoes during a filibuster against tough new abortion restrictions, shows off her more glamorous side in the September issue of Vogue magazine. The magazine\u0027s fall fashion extravaganza features a four-page…Expectant mother Susana Privada was experiencing some pain, so she headed to the hospital Wednesday morning. While in the lobby, she gave birth to her third child. (Aug. 15)These days, hardly a day goes by that I don\u0027t read something promoting kale as a nutritional powerhouse. Recipes that include kale are popping up all over the place, making you wonder how we survived without it.SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Dell\u0027s woes worsened during its most recent quarter as the slumping personal computer maker resorted to rampant price cutting to slow a sales decline driven by a growing reliance on smartphones and tablets to connect to the Internet and perform other technological tasks.BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese property owner has started dismantling an elaborate villa built illegally, complete with a garden, on top of a Beijing apartment block after complaints from his neighbors and a government warning to tear it down. Aerial photos of the structure, perched on the roof of…Peggy Shannon, a 67-year-old great-grandmother, is the latest woman to accuse San Diego Mayor Bob Filner of inappropriate sexual advances. The part-time officer worker says he kissed her and made unwanted advances. (Aug. 15)Local auto dealers are cutting their prices for the month of August. If you\u0027re looking for a new car this month, buy now and save as much as ...It\u0027s the orange teeth that are really terrifyingSheriff says white crosses to be placed in AZ desert where bodies of immigrants found        BOSTON (AP) — The Republican Party launched its latest effort Thursday to sell itself to a more diverse segment of the population, acknowledging a glaring weakness in the GOP\u0027s ability to attract new voters in a country whose demographics are rapidly changing.An Ohio university found a unique solution to its housing crunch when it partnered with a local water park and resort to house students for the first few weeks of the upcoming academic year. Capital University in Columbus, Ohio, will be housing 30 underclassmen at...CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — NASA called off all attempts to fix its crippled Kepler space telescope Thursday. But it\u0027s not quite ready to call it quits on the remarkable, robotic planet hunter.ATLANTA (AP) — Adult obesity still isn\u0027t budging, the latest government survey shows.Thu, Aug 15Dilbert Thursday, August 15 More","h1":"",".title":"ComicsDilbert","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Hannah Anderson makes unexpected appearanceOfficials identify two crew members in fatal UPS plane crashSnowden downloaded NSA secrets working for DellMan Fights for Custody of Baby Abandoned at Fire StationNew Mexico boy set to go to court in dad\u0027s killingCompare Credit Card Offers Today7-Foot Boa Constrictor On the LooseEgypt braces for more violence as Brotherhood calls \u0027march of anger\u0027\u0027Pull-out method\u0027 tied to unintended pregnanciesFederer rallies, rough summer improves in CincyDEA warns of scammers out to get money, informationNTSB: No engine failure in fatal UPS plane crashTexas lawmaker Wendy Davis goes glam in Vogue poseFla. Baby Delivered in Hospital LobbyIs Kale The Only Green Superstar?Dell\u0027s 2Q earnings fall 72 pct amid PC sales slideChinese man dismantles villa perched atop apartment blockGreat-grandmother Latest to Accuse FilnerAuto Dealers Cut Prices for August 2013The latest climate change horror: Massive swamp ratsSheriff Says Crosses to Be Put Where Bodies FoundGOP pushes rising stars amid internal skepticismOhio University Housing Students at Water ParkNASA gives up fixing planet-hunting telescopeObesity very high in 13 states; many in the SouthComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":6,"second":33},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
