{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Here Are Some Fast-Food Moves That Will Get You FiredWisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s re-election campaign has the cure for your holiday shopping fatigue: Take the money meant for children’s toys and send it to the Walker campaign. In a Black Friday fundraising email to supporters, the Walker campaign asked supporters for a holiday contribution...Get FiOS Triple Play for $79.99/mo. for 1 yr. then, $89.99/mo. for mos. 13-24 + taxes, fees, equip. charges \u0026 RSN Fee w/2-yr. agmt. See offer details.DEAR ABBY: I am a 38-year-old woman who has been dating a 41-year-old man for seven months. Sadly, although I have always wanted children, he does not. I realize my choice is either to stay in a relationship with a fabulous partner, knowing we won\u0027t have children, or end it, hoping I\u0027ll find…Cristina Speirs, 22, didn\u0027t need sleep, but it was a sign of a medical problem.By Crispian Balmer JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu should take the heat out of his dispute with U.S. President Barack Obama, his top coalition partner said on Tuesday, warning that the spat over Iran was not helping Israel. Relations between Israel and Washington,…Britain\u0027s Kate, The Duchess of Cambridge, listens from a balcony during the service of remembrance at the Cenotaph in Whitehall, London        On perhaps the busiest online shopping day of the year, the Supreme Court refused to wade into a dispute over state sales taxes for purchases on websites like Amazon.com, an outcome likely to prompt more states to attempt to collect taxes on Internet sales. Monday\u0027s court action means \"it might…By David Lawder and Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives might seek a vote next week on a short-term government funding measure as a backup plan in case budget negotiators fail to reach a deal by a December 13 deadline, lawmakers said on Tuesday. …The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas. Between 1992 and 1998,…Florida officials searched a gated community for a black bear that attacked a mother, who was hospitalized and underwent emergency surgery for her injuries. The Longwood, Fla., woman was attacked at 8:05 p.m. Monday as she was walking her dogs in a subdivision, Seminole County...This week\u0027s top 10 paid and free apps for iPhone and iPad on the App Store        A total of 64 bodies have been found in mass graves in the western Mexican state of Jalisco, authorities said as they wrapped up a probe of alleged victims of a drug cartel. The search in an area bordering the drug-plagued state of Michoacan stemmed from a probe into the November 3 disappearance…We all know that retirement today is not the same as it was for our parents. Pensions are nothing but a dim memory for many of us, and we all worry about Social Security and the cost of health care. Instead, many workers are leaving full-time work in their 50s, and taking lower-paying \"bridge\"…It\u0027s been more than 12 years since al Qaeda launched its devastating attack on the U.S., killing almost 3,000 people and changing the course of American history. And despite a host of ensuing counterterrorism efforts to debilitate al Qaeda, including the killing of Osama bin Laden, some are now…Boise State University now offers their prestigious MBA Program 100% Online. There has never been a better time to enhance your earnings potential.TOKYO (AP) — In what was supposed to be a warm reunion, Vice President Joe Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping meet instead Wednesday in a climate fraught with tension over an airspace dispute that has put Asia on edge. A day before seeing Xi, Biden stood in Japan and publicly rebuked China for…When it comes to slaughtering Jedi masters in close-quarter combat and orchestrating the total annihilation of advanced civilizations, Darth Vader is a total pro. But when it comes to snapping selfies... not so much.An embarrassing mistake involving a Statue of Liberty stamp could come back to haunt the U.S. Postal Service. The \"forever\" stamp design released in 2011 was not based on the statue in New York Harbor, as intended, but on a replica outside the New York-New York casino hotel in Las Vegas. Now,…DETROIT (AP) — A judge ruled Tuesday that Detroit is eligible to shed billions of dollars of its long-running debt, including the pensions of thousands of workers and retirees, in a much-anticipated decision that shifts the city\u0027s epic bankruptcy case into a new and delicate phase.\"\u0027My friends and me\u0027 should be \u0027my friends and I,\u0027\" she said. As I was walking away, she said to one of her friends, \"Is that right?\"After Motorola\u0027s $349 Moto X offer devolved into a public relations disaster on Cyber Monday, CEO Dennis Woodside has issued a formal apology to disappointed consumers everywhere. \"We owe you an apology,\" reads the note posted at Motorola\u0027s official blog. \"I want you to understand what happened,…Tue, Dec 3","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Obama declares health care law is workingMan survives 3 days at bottom of AtlanticSyrian patriarch urges release of abducted nunsBarefoot Taco Employee Leads Top 9 Grossest Fast-Food MomentsGov. Walker Urges Parents to Skip Toys and Send the Christmas Money to HimEnjoy Holiday Savings With A FiOS Triple Play!Woman Saddened By Wonderful Partner Who Doesn\u0027t Want KidsMedical Mystery: Student Stops Needing SleepNetanyahu ally urges more cautious tone with U.S.Photos: Check Out Kate Middleton\u0027s Darker \u0027Do!Amazon fulfillment warehouses (11 photos)Republicans eye backup plan as budget talks intensify10 Universities With the Largest Undergraduate PopulationsFla. Woman Seriously Injured in Rare Bear AttackThe Top iPhone and iPad Apps on App StoreMexico finds 64 bodies in mass graves7 New Trends in RetirementNo, al Qaeda is not more dangerous now than before 9/11A State University with an Online MBA?For Biden in China, tense reunion with Xi Jinping4 ways Darth Vader messed up his first selfieStatue of Liberty postage stamp portrays Las Vegas replica (7 photos)Judge: Detroit eligible for Chapter 9 bankruptcy\u0027You and I\u0027 vs. \u0027You and me\u0027Motorola CEO apologizes for failed Cyber Monday promotionComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":30,"second":49},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
