{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Thomas Ferraro and Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate, in a historic and bitterly fought rule change, stripped Republicans on Thursday of their ability to block President Barack Obama\u0027s judicial and executive branch nominees. The action fundamentally…Two men successfully rescued a beached shark on the coast of northeast Newfoundland, Canada. Derrick Chaulk was driving in Norris Arm North when he saw what he thought was a beached whale.Mortgage rates are back down this month to 2.75%(2.86%APR) on 5/1 ARM. Get a great rate and start saving money. Calculate your payment.Microsoft on Friday releases its Xbox One game console, taking on Sony\u0027s PlayStation 4 in a battle for the hearts and minds of Internet-era home entertainment. Sony last week unleashed its new champion in the long-running console war, getting a slight jump on Microsoft heading into the prime…WASHINGTON (AP) — Astronomers call it the monster. It was the biggest and brightest cosmic explosion ever witnessed. Had it been closer, Earth would have been toast.Police have released two suspects on bail after they were arrested in connection with the case of three traumatised women who allegedly spent 30 years as slaves, Scotland Yard said Friday. Police arrested a man and a woman, both aged 67 and described as non-British nationals, at the house in south…BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) — The post-Miley Liam Hemsworth says he\u0027s in a really good place.Roger Pilon from the CATO Institute says Harry Reid\u0027s decision to greatly limit the Senate filibuster is a hypocrisy, since it was the Democrats who first adopted the practice of blocking executive-branch nominations.In Congress, the costly proliferation of camouflage has angered lawmakers, who see it as an illustration of Pentagon extravagance. Before 2001, American troops all wore the same camouflage uniform, a green version for temperate climates and a beige model for the desert. But as military spending…A volcano erupts in Japan, a Loggerhead sea turtle is released back to the Mediterranean sea and a lion cub plays in the leaves in Scotland are just a few of our photo of the day for November 21, 2013.Crunch nuclear talks between Iran and world powers enter a make-or-break third day on Friday, with Tehran complaining of \"no progress\" so far on narrowing considerable differences. This third round of talks in Geneva since President Hassan Rouhani was elected in June are seen as the biggest hope…CLARK AIR BASE, Philippines (AP) — The U.S. Marines\u0027 newest and in some quarters most controversial transport airplane is showing the world what it\u0027s got — for the sake of the victims of Typhoon Haiyan, and perhaps its own future.Kids Range in Age from 1 to 7On June 12, 2012, U.S. soldier Matt Krumwiede was on patrol in Afghanistan when he stepped on an improvised explosive device (IED) which tore away both his legs, damaged his left arm, and ripped open his abdominal cavity. Reuters photographer Shamil Zhumatov took pictures of the aftermath of the…Pope Francis on Thursday said the Catholic Church will not accept a Middle East without Christians, who often find themselves forced to flee areas of conflict and unrest in the region. \"We will not resign ourselves to imagining a Middle East without Christians,\" he said after meeting with…Local auto dealers are cutting their prices for November. If you\u0027re looking for a new car this month, buy now and save as much as you can.Indonesian researchers said Thursday they have discovered what is believed to be the wreck of a German submarine that was torpedoed off the main island of Java during World War II. A team found the wreck -- which contained at least 17 human skeletons -- north of Java earlier this month after a…LONDON (AP) — Three women have been freed after spending 30 years held captive in a south London home, including one woman believed to have spent her entire life in domestic slavery, police said Thursday.QUINAPONDAN (Philippines) (AFP) - Adrift in a boat in one of the most powerful typhoons ever recorded to hit the Philippines, captain Richard Rama made a snap decision that kept him and his terrified crew alive. \"Don\u0027t jump!\" was the first order he shouted after Typhoon Haiyan ripped his small…NEW YORK (AP) — It was 30 years ago when he last filmed a concert special.In the case of 85-year-old Merrill Newman ofThe Texans defensive coordinator took the high roadThu, Nov 21","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Photos: The Scottsboro BoysExperts: HealthCare.gov fix needs more time, moneyKarzai: Sign US-Afghan security pact next yearDemocrats ditch historic U.S. Senate rule blamed for gridlockTwo men rescue moose-eating beached sharkMortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.86% APR)Video game console war heats up with Xbox One launch\u0027Monster\u0027 cosmic blast zipped harmlessly by EarthTwo freed on bail in \u002730-year slavery\u0027 caseLiam Hemsworth: \u0027I\u0027m more grounded than ever\u0027Filibuster Reaction: Harry Reid’s nuclear hypocrisyThe US military\u0027s camouflage fashion showPhotos of the day - November 21, 2013 (23 photos)Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third dayUS Ospreys show worth in Philippines aid effortFive Kids Survive Submersion in Icy Pond for Up to 45 Minutes\u0027After Afghanistan - Learning to Walk Again\u0027: A brave soldier fights a new battle (33 photos)Pope says \u0027no Middle East without Christians\u0027Auto Dealers Cut Prices for November 2013Indonesian researchers find \u0027German U-boat\u0027UK police: 3 women held captive for 30 years\u0027Don\u0027t jump!\u0027: adrift sailors survive monster Philippine typhoonCosby: laughs but no jokes, and far from finishedUS Korea war veteran pulled off plane in PyongyangWade Phillips responds to Ed Reed commentsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":41,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
