{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Marijuana users in Colorado and Washington are counting down the hours before the western US states become the first to legalize recreational pot shops on January 1. Enterprising companies are even offering marijuana tours to cash in on tourists expected to be attracted to a Netherlands-style pot…WASHINGTON (AP) — It was a moment for Barack Obama to savor.Mortgage rates are are still low at 2.75% (2.84% APR). Get a great rate and start saving money today. Calculate your payment.Breanna Gomez May Be in Danger Without Her Diabetes Medication, Police SayBritney Spears, in the heels of such performers as Celine Dion and Elton John, late Friday opened a two-year sojourn in Sin City with a dazzling performance to a crowd of adoring fans. The former enfant terrible of US pop wowed some 4,600 fans with a stunning show at the Axis Theater at the city\u0027s…Cleveland have suspended center Andrew Bynum indefinitely for conduct detrimental to the team, Cavaliers general manager Chris Grant announced Saturday. Bynum has averaged 8.4 points, 5.3 rebounds and 1.2 blocked shots over 24 games in his first season with the Cavaliers. The team did not reveal…WASHINGTON (AP) — A world-famous symbol of democracy is going under cover, as workers start a two-year, $60 million renovation of the U.S. Capitol dome.LAS VEGAS (AP) — Britney Spears has begun her early retirement in Las Vegas with a show that looks strikingly like the eye-popping Cirque du Soleil productions found elsewhere on the Strip.Fans support the decision to bring patriarch back, but civil and gay rights advocates are critical.WASHINGTON (AP) — The new year brings the big test of President Barack Obama\u0027s beleaguered health care law: Will it work?Qatar and Morocco have signed an aid deal worth $1.25 billion, part of a five-year package of financial assistance extended by wealthy Gulf states to the North African kingdom to help it weather \u0027Arab Spring\u0027 protests. Four Gulf states - Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates -…By Aaron Maasho JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan troops will attack the main stronghold of rebel forces loyal to former vice president Riek Machar if the government\u0027s offer of a ceasefire is rejected, a senior minister said on Saturday. Refugees sheltering in U.N. camps spoke of atrocities committed…Hundreds of South Sudanese have fled across the border into neighbouring Sudan, a source at the UN refugee agency said Saturday, after fierce fighting in the world\u0027s newest state. \"According to information received by the UNHCR that has not been confirmed, hundreds of citizens of South Sudan have…The Fresno County Coroner\u0027s Office has now confirmed the identity of a young boy killed in a plane crash on Thursday.Carmen Lopez, 14, of Bothell, Washington opened her biggest Christmas present last and was happy when it appeared to be the Beats by Dre headphones she asked her parents for.Did you know that public records are posted online and can be viewed by anyone in seconds? Marriages, divorces, bankruptcies, etc. Search anyone.What is the key to making foreign aid more effective and ending extreme poverty? “Despite agreements on aid effectiveness reached in Rome, Paris, Accra, and Busan over the last decade, 80 percent of aid from major bilateral and multilateral donors to fragile countries still bypasses the systems of…OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — An attorney says a nursing home has agreed to provide long-term care for a 13-year-old girl, who has been declared brain dead but whose family maintains is still alive.The US Department of Justice on Thursday stepped into the cultural fray about the so-called “knockout game” when it brought federal hate crime charges against a white Texas man for assaulting an unsuspecting black man. The decision shines a brighter spotlight on the knockout game, in which an…The Internet Archive this week launched its \"Console Living Room,\" offering browser emulations of pre-Internet era video games which used to be played on consoles from firms like Atari, Coleco or Magnavox. \"For a generation of children, the most exciting part of a Christmas morning was discovering…An Argentine Greenpeace activist amnestied by Russia after being thrown in jail for protesting oil drilling in the Arctic demanded an apology from Moscow on Saturday. Speaking to reporters at Buenos Aires International Airport following her release, Camila Speziale said Russia owed an apology to…A talented artist has created such incredibly realistic paintings its ART to believe they arent really photographs. Scottish oil painter Claire Duguid, 32, spends anything up to three months at a time on each portrait - painstakingly capturing every tiny detail of the subjects face and appearance.…Sat, Dec 28","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedSouth Sudan: \u0027White Army\u0027 militia marches to fightFire on express train in India kills at least 261 protester killed in new Thai political violenceBlazing cannabis trail, US states eye tourism surgeObama\u0027s presidency beset by fits, starts in year 5Mortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.84% APR)Wisconsin Teen Girl Eludes Cops in Chase, May Be Headed to California, Cops SayBritney Spears begins two-year Las Vegas gambleCavaliers suspend Bynum for detrimental conduct2-year renovation starts for Capitol\u0027s famous domeBritney Spears\u0027 Las Vegas residency a departure\u0027Duck Dynasty\u0027 Will Go On With Phil Robertson, But Not Everyone Is HappyCircle these dates: Health law\u0027s key tests in 2014Qatar signs aid deal worth $1.25 billion for MoroccoSouth Sudan says will attack rebel stronghold if ceasefire rejectedHundreds of S.Sudanese flee to Sudan: UN sourceFresno boy ID\u0027d in plane crash near Chandler AirportFamily buys Beats by Dre headphones at Walmart, but finds cans of tuna insteadPublic Records Posted Online for Anyone to SeeGood Reads: From rethinking foreign aid, to homeless children, to privatized spaceFacility found for Calif. teen on ventilatorWhite man charged with \u0027knockout game\u0027 hate crime. Racial hypocrisy?Blast from the past: 1970s games revived on InternetArgentine activist demands apology over Russia arrest#4 of 13 Most Popular Galleries of 2013: Paintings that look like photos (9 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":41,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
