{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Letter Was Postmarked Weeks After Teen Went MissingATLANTA (AP) — Former Pittsburgh Steeler standout Kordell Stewart\u0027s divorce from his reality show wife is final.Start enhancing your earnings potential today. Cal State San Bernardino is now offering an affordable and flexible MBA program that is 100% Online!WASHINGTON (AP) — At least three American presidents will travel to South Africa to attend memorial services for anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela, who died Thursday at age 95.North Korea could be facing its most serious defection in 15 years as South Korean media said on Friday that a man who managed funds for the ousted uncle of leader Kim Jong Un had fled the isolated country and sought asylum in South Korea. The aide, who was not named, was being protected by South…This old mining outpost, called Pyramid (Pyramiden) and abandoned in 1998, is on the Arctic Ocean island of Spitsbergen . An anomaly, it is a deserted Soviet town that is in fact in Norway, just 1300 km from the North Pole. The facility was founded in 1910 by Sweden and sold to the USSR in 1927.…The US Air Force has secretly developed a new stealth drone for long-range reconnaissance missions that could be operational by 2015, according to a report Friday in an industry magazine. The unmanned drone, dubbed RQ-180, is currently in the testing phase at the top secret Groom Lake air base in…As the saying goes, \"An apple a day keeps the doctor away.\" Although it doesn\u0027t have quite the same ring to it, it might be more accurate to say, \"A glass of apple cider vinegar and water a day keeps the doctor away.\" Most people associate apple cider vinegar with cooking, but its uses go far…If you’re looking to buy a new PC and you hate the idea of looking at Live Tiles, then you’d better get a new PC within the next year or so. As ZDNet points out, Microsoft has told its manufacturing partners that they can keep selling new Windows 7-based PCs through October 30th, 2014, which means…LOS ANGELES (AP) — An Andy Warhol portrait of Farrah Fawcett currently held by actor Ryan O\u0027Neal is worth an estimated $12 million, an appraiser told a jury Friday.And with another budget deadline looming early in the new year, they\u0027re signaling that they\u0027re not about to let up — even it it means pushing Republicans toward another government shutdown. But believing the odds are tilted in their favor, Democratic leaders have suggested they may insist that an…The National Weather Service has issued ice and winter storm advisories for more than a dozen states. Oklahoma, Arkansas and Tennessee have already declared states of emergency. Snow, ice and freezing rain are moving to the Northeast.House Speaker John Boehner says his premiums will double, and his deductible will triple, under the Affordable Care Act. That’s true, but it is misleading to compare Boehner with the “many Americans seeing their costs go up,” as his spokesman Brendan Buck has put it.STOCKHOLM (AP) — One of this year\u0027s Nobel Prize laureates says learning how to handle failure is key to becoming a successful scientist.People who have a less diverse population of bacteria in their gastrointestinal tracts may be more likely to get colon cancer, a new study suggests. \"For the first time, we found that colorectal cancer patients have a different gut bacteria composition than healthy subjects,\" said study author…Mortgage rates are back down this month to 2.75% (2.86% APR). Get a great rate and start saving money today. Calculate your payment.MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian pilot who sent a Boeing 737 into a near-vertical dive, killing all 50 people on board, might have had a fake license, Russian investigators said Friday.A British marine filmed executing a severely injured Taliban insurgent in Afghanistan was jailed for life with a minimum 10 years behind bars by a military court on Friday. Sergeant Alexander Blackman, 39, was found guilty at a court martial last month of murdering the man while deployed in…No one said being Santa was easy. It\u0027s one pretty tough job. Before the big day, he has to hit the stores and endure the long lines, crazy kids, and frenzied parents. On the big night, Santa has to find just the right gift for each and every child in the world (kind of makes your shopping list seem…Conventional wisdom is often a good thing, or at least harmless. But there are plenty of times when conventional wisdom isn\u0027t just wrong - it can cost you money. Carrying a credit card balance will help your credit score. If you are carrying a balance you can\u0027t pay off, it will help to keep the…Cable companies have shown no signs of concern over cord cutting so far and it’s easy to see why: Even customers who ditch their home video services will keep paying cable companies for broadband access. But TechHive notes that the cord cutting trend might finally be showing up on cable companies’…Bill Bratton, a veteran police chief who has led departments across the country, was named on Thursday as New York City\u0027s next police commissioner , taking over a force credited with a sharp drop in violent crime but criticized for its tactics. Bratton, 66, who was police commissioner under New…Fri, Dec 6","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedNorth Korea releases U.S. war vetIcy storm slams Southwest, shuts down North TexasMourned Mandela to be buried Dec. 15Missing New Hampshire Teen Abigail Hernandez Sent Mom LetterKordell Stewart\u0027s divorce from his wife is finalA State University with an Online MBA?Obama, Bush, Clinton to travel to South AfricaAide to N. Korean leader\u0027s ousted uncle seeks asylum in South: mediaThe ghost town at the end of the earth (21 photos)US Air Force has secretly built a new stealth droneThe Surprising Benefits of Apple Cider VinegarMetro haters beware: 2014 will be the end of new Windows 7 PCsFawcett portrait worth $12M, expert tells juryAre Democrats backing the GOP into another government shutdown?\u0027Worst ice storm\u0027 in years wallops Texas, much of the MidwestBoehner vs. Castro on the ExchangeNobel winner: scientists get it wrong most of timeColon Cancer Linked to Low Diversity of Gut BacteriaMortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.86% APR)Russia: Crashed pilot may have had fake licenseUK marine jailed for 10 years for killing injured TalibanHo-Ho-Howl! 10 Dogs that Want to Steal Santa\u0027s Job (10 photos)5 Money Myths You Shouldn\u0027t Fall ForCable companies may be finally hearing cord cutters’ footstepsBill Bratton, New York City\u0027s next police commissioner (8 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":41,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
