{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"HONOLULU (AP) — Want to fly like George Jetson or Iron Man?ASSIUT, Egypt (AP) — It was nighttime and 10,000 Islamists were marching down the most heavily Christian street in this ancient Egyptian city, chanting \"Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians.\" A half-dozen kids were spray-painting \"Boycott the Christians\" on walls, supervised by an adult.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates on their credit cards. Compare leading credit card offers for 2013 and lock in 0% APR for 18 months.COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — Years into their attempt to adopt a Cherokee girl, Matt and Melanie Capobianco say they can empathize with any sadness the girl\u0027s biological father might be feeling after being ordered to turn her over to them.LAKE ELSINORE, Calif. (AP) — A wildfire broke out Wednesday in a rural area in Southern California and grew with extreme speed, threatening three communities where people were evacuated and apparently burning at least two homes.Bans on smoking at outdoor venues are on the rise even though few studies have been done to test the danger of secondhand smoke at parks, beaches and sidewalk cafes. (Aug. 8)His name is Ibrahim al-Asiri, he works for Al Qaeda, and he makes bombs for a living. Daniel Klaidman on the jihadi who keeps Obama up at night.ST. CHARLES, Mo. (AP) — Beth Gratta has heard the whispers, read the venomous online comments and watched with dismay as some of her fellow Francis Howell High School parents publicly condemned a plan to bus 475 students from a distressed urban school district nearly 30 miles away to her children\u0027s…PITTSFORD, N.Y. (AP) — If you\u0027re a golfer chasing that first major title, you\u0027ve come to the right place.NEW YORK (AP) — After embodying Steve Jobs in his new movie, Ashton Kutcher came to admire how the Apple Computer founder was able to balance his public and personal lives.The Cleveland home where three women were held captive and brutally beaten and sexually abused for the past decade met its fate Wednesday — a wrecking crew. It came only 93 days after the women — Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight — were able to escape their captor, Ariel Castro,…By Ben Klayman DETROIT (Reuters) - The auto industry continued its poor performance in an influential U.S. safety group\u0027s new crash test as half of the small cars tested did not fare well. Six of the cars tested, most of which were 2013 models, were rated \"poor\" or \"marginal.\" General Motors Co\u0027s…TOKYO (Reuters) - Four Chinese ships spent more than 24 hours in what Japan sees as its territorial waters, prompting a Japanese protest to China on Thursday at a time when Japan has been signaling its desire for a summit. Relations between the world\u0027s second- and third-largest economies have been…CHICAGO (AP) — Hours after Alex Rodriguez dug in for a fight, the New York Yankees looked like they might be down for the count.\"They want to take them all away from me, they say I can\u0027t live here.\"Explore our credit cards and rewards. Find the right card for you and earn cash back, travel or points. Become a cardmember today. Apply now!AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian rebels said on Thursday they targeted President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s motorcade as he was heading to attend prayers at a Damascus mosque to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, but footage broadcast by state television showed him unharmed. The Tahrir al-Sham rebel brigade, a…DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran has constructed a rocket-launching site that could be used for testing ballistic missiles, a report from a military intelligence publication said on Thursday. Satellite imagery analyzed by Jane\u0027s Intelligence Review showed extensive construction over the last three years at a…Getty photographer Joe Raedle takes us to Qaqortoq, Greenland to explore the effects of global warming. As cities like Miami, New York and other vulnerable spots around the world strategize about how to respond to climate change, many Greenlanders simply do what theyve always done: adapt. \u0027Were…CHICAGO (AP) — The FBI said Wednesday it is reopening its investigation into the 1964 kidnapping of a newborn boy from a Chicago hospital, after recent DNA testing revealed that a boy found in New Jersey more than a year later and returned to the elated parents wasn\u0027t actually their son.DETROIT (AP) — Six of 12 small cars performed well in front-end crash tests conducted by an insurance industry group, but some popular models fared poorly in the safety evaluations.LONDON (AP) — Jewelry, pieces of ships, medieval ice skates, centuries-old skulls — some incredible pieces of London\u0027s history aren\u0027t in museums, they\u0027re underground.Thu, Aug 89 Chickweed Lane Thursday, August 8 More","h1":"",".title":"Comics9 Chickweed Lane","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Hundreds flee huge S. Calif. wildfireThree winners for $448M Powerball jackpotHunt widens for suspected Calif. killer, abductor\u0027Iron Man\u0027 jetpacks spark concerns in HawaiiEgypt\u0027s coup puts fearful Christians in a cornerCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 MonthsSadness, joy inherent in SC couple\u0027s adoption caseS. California fire grows fast, houses evacuatedGrowing Push for Outdoor Smoking BansThe Most Terrifying TerroristMissouri school transfer ruling opens old woundsPGA Championship caters to 1st-time major winnersKutcher: Better at keeping personal life privateAriel Castro\u0027s house demolished (39 photos)Half of small cars score badly on tougher U.S. crash testsJapan protests to China after ships linger for a day near islesDe Aza triple lifts White Sox past Yankees, 6-5Colorado Apartment Building Tells Tenants They Have to Get Rid of Their Guns — or LeaveCompare Credit Card Offers TodaySyrian TV shows Assad after reported attack on his motorcadeIran has new rocket site, ballistic missile tests possible: reportGreenland: A Laboratory For The Symptoms Of Global Warming (16 photos)FBI reopens 1964 kidnapping case after DNA testingSix of 12 small cars do well in front crash testsWork on new railway line digs up London historyComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":8,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
