{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Norma Esparza Was Jailed After Rejecting a Plea Deal in Alleged Revenge KillingMACAU (AP) — Robert Garcia, the trainer of Brandon Rios, said Friday that Manny Pacquiao is showing signs of coming to the end of his career and vulnerable in the WBO international welterweight title fight.Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. Check out Kelley Blue Book\u0027s official list of the 10 coolest cars under $18,000.Microsoft on Friday crowed that more than a million Xbox One consoles were snapped up within 24 hours in 13 countries after hitting shelves for the first time in the morning. The US-based technology titan described it as the biggest launch in Xbox history, setting a new sales record at the…The Obama administration announced a flurry of fixes to its troubled HealthCare.gov website on Friday that officials said would soon double its current capacity, a crucial step toward getting the system working by a November 30 deadline. It also pushed back a deadline for people to enroll in…Los Angeles police say burglary case witness who vanished while walking dog has been found        WASHINGTON (AP) — The government for the first time has enforced environmental laws protecting birds against wind energy facilities, winning a $1 million settlement Friday from a power company that pleaded guilty to killing 14 eagles and 149 other birds at two Wyoming wind farms.From a street in downtown Dallas to the site of the eternal flame in Arlington National Cemetery, a somber nation paused Friday to remember John F. Kennedy, 50 years after the young, charismatic president was shot and a nation was left in shock. (Nov. 22)A former veterinarian says that some vets, out to make an extra buck, will sell unnecessary shots, tests and procedures to unsuspecting pet owners.        SAN DIEGO (AP) — The son of one of the world\u0027s most-wanted drug lords was arrested at an Arizona border crossing to face drug-trafficking charges in the United States, authorities said Friday.By Kate Kelland LONDON (Reuters) - Steroid injections given to pregnant women before they deliver a premature baby may increase the risk of the child developing behavioural and emotional problems later in life, researchers said on Friday. Mothers who are expected to give birth prematurely are…MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The woman who was driving a car filled with children when it veered off a suburban Minneapolis highway ramp and plunged into 9 feet of water did not have a valid driver\u0027s license, authorities said.KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Thousands of protesters poured into Kiev\u0027s Independence Square, the center of Ukraine\u0027s pro-Western Orange Revolution, to demand Friday that the government reverse course and sign a landmark agreement with the EU — a day after leaders stunned the nation by saying they were…Braff\u0027s Amazing Wedding Photobomb Is His Latest Wedding AssistJihadists cut down a 150-year-old oak tree in Atme, on Syria\u0027s border with Turkey, after they accused locals of worshipping it, a pro-jihadist source said. Rami Abdel Rahman of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed the tree had been cut down, adding that it stood next to an ancient…We\u0027re Bringing You a New Level of Comfort, Connectivity and Convenience. Find Your Flight Now \u0026 Experience the #newamerican.November 22, 1963 marks the 50th anniversary of John F. Kennedy\u0027s assassination. That death stunned the world and caused an outpouring of public grief unprecedented in modern United States history. Some even say that the killing of the 35th president altered the course of history, and that the…The clock is ticking on American Lindsey Vonn\u0027s bid to defend her Olympic downhill title as the injured US star officially withdrew Friday from next week\u0027s World Cup stop in Beaver Creek. Vonn was due to return to racing at Beaver Creek for the first time since reconstructive surgery of her right…By Daniel Kelley HARRISBURG, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - One of the first challenges to a state ban on gay marriage since the U.S. Supreme Court partially struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act is likely to go to trial in June in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. U.S. District Judge John Jones III,…By Louis Charbonneau and Parisa Hafezi GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will join talks on Iran\u0027s contested nuclear program in Geneva on Saturday, as Tehran and six world powers appeared to be on the verge of an elusive breakthrough in the decade-old dispute. The Chinese,…By Alister Doyle and Michael Szabo WARSAW (Reuters) - Almost 200 nations were deadlocked on Saturday over how to step up aid to ease the impact of global warming on developing nations as part of the foundations of an elusive U.N. climate accord due in 2015. The Warsaw meeting, which had been due to…Four white students at San José State University in California have been suspended and charged with misdemeanor battery and hate crimes against an African-American student who shared their dorm suite. Police say the harassment ranged from displaying a Confederate flag and white-supremacist symbols…Sat, Nov 23","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Hang up and fly, FCC chairman saysObama: JFK legacy transformed Secret ServiceFour San Jose State students charged, hate crimes allegedHusband Heartbroken After His Professor Wife Is Jailed in Alleged Rapist\u0027s SlayingRios camp confident against Pacquiao ahead of bout10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000More than a million Xbox One consoles sold on launch dayU.S. scrambles to boost Obamacare enrollment as deadlines loomCrime Witness Who Vanished on Dog Walk Is FoundWind energy company pleads guilty to eagle deaths50 Years Later, a Somber Nation Honors JFKFormer Veterinarian: Some Vets Sell Unnecessary Shots, TestsSon of Mexican cartel leader arrested at US borderSteroid injections for pre-term babies linked to mental health riskPatrol: Driver in pond crash lacked valid licenseThousands rally in Ukraine capital over EU dealZach Braff Hilariously Photobombs NewlywedsJihadists cut down 150-year-old oak in SyriaThe New American is ArrivingMost famous assassinations in history (9 photos)Injured Vonn withdraws from Beaver Creek racePennsylvania court may hear gay marriage ban challenge in JuneKerry to join Iran nuclear talks in bid to reach dealU.N. climate talks blocked over aid, steps to 2015 dealHate-crime allegations: four white students at San Jose State chargedComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":46,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
