{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A Missouri driver did not appreciate the message she saw on a state issued license plate that she recently received.President Obama was winding up a speech on immigration reform Monday, when a heckler interrupted him. I need your help!” shouted a young man standing behind the president at the event at a recreation center in San Francisco.  “You have a power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in…Become a cardmember today. Find a card, compare rewards and apply for an American Express® card.Driver whose bikini top was untied is cleared by New York court in fatal crash        Police praised a football fan for saving the life of a woman who jumped from the third-level deck of the Oakland Raider\u0027s home stadium by breaking her fall. (Nov. 25)Other Attacks have been Reported in at Least Five States.Manny Pacquiao would \"overwhelm\" unbeaten WBC welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather with his lightning speed if the fight that fans crave takes place in 2014, according to trainer Freddie Roach. After Pacquiao returned to winning ways by demolishing former world lightweight champion Brandon Rios…Taylor Swift\u0027s fans have done it again, voting her the American Music Awards artist of the year for a third time.DEAR ABBY: I have been dating my boyfriend, \"Jose,\" for a year. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)EL SEGUNDO, Calif. (AP) — The Los Angeles Lakers have signed All-Star guard Kobe Bryant to a 2-year contract extension.By Mark Hosenball WASHINGTON (Reuters) - British and U.S. intelligence officials say they are worried about a \"doomsday\" cache of highly classified, heavily encrypted material they believe former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden has stored on a data cloud. The cache contains…OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Police praised a football fan for saving the life of a woman who jumped from the third-level deck of the Oakland Raider\u0027s home stadium by breaking her fall.It is estimated that the world population will reach 11 billion by 2100, and one of the consequences of this population rise would be new challenges in controlling disease outbreaks, scientists say. The population rise is also likely to boost the increasing rate of new infectious diseases caused…Will Comet ISON fly in the night sky, or fizzle? Meanwhile, observatories across the United States are gearing up to show the comet off in public telescopes — if it survives, of course. \"The best locations to view Comet ISON would be any place dark, away from artificial lights, with clear sky,…By Ian Simpson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A major winter storm set to hit the East Coast on Tuesday and Wednesday is threatening to snarl millions of Thanksgiving travelers\u0027 holiday plans, forecasters said on Monday. The same storm that lashed New Mexico and the southern Plains with snow and ice over…Discounted auto insurance rates available. Don\u0027t wait! Reduce your premiums now. Request a free quote and begin saving before the end of the month!DENVER (AP) — Colorado\u0027s ski resorts are taking the offensive in ensuring the multi-billion-dollar-a-year industry isn\u0027t hurt by recreational marijuana stores that are set to open at about the same time many families begin planning their winter vacations.VATICAN CITY (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin showed off his religious side during a visit Monday to the Vatican, stopping to cross himself and kiss an icon of the Madonna that he gave to Pope Francis. But Moscow\u0027s improving relations with the Vatican went only so far: Putin didn\u0027t invite…In a private conference on Tuesday, the nine Justices of the U.S. Supreme Court will consider four potential challenges to the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. Experts believe at least one case will be accepted by the Court, to be argued and decided in its current term.Several cars of the New York City-bound Amtrak Crescent with 218 people aboard went off the tracks in South Carolina early Monday as bags flew and jolted passengers clung to each other, authorities and passengers said. There were no serious injuries, Amtrak said of the 207 passengers and 11 crew…The discovery of an previously unknown wooden structure at the Buddha\u0027s birthplace suggests the sage might have lived in the 6th century BC, two centuries earlier than thought, archeologists said. Traces of what appears to have been an ancient timber shrine was found under a brick temple that is…The world\u0027s longest nonstop commercial flight ended without fanfare Monday after Singapore Airlines (SIA) flew its last nearly 19-hour service from New York. Flight SQ 21 landed early Monday in Changi Airport, bringing an end to a nine-year run. A direct service to Los Angeles has also been…Tue, Nov 26","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Shooter’s mom wanted to buy him gun502,165 lights set world recordMore methane spewed than EPA saysDriver offended by “WH0 R8X” license plateObama tells heckler he can\u0027t halt deportations unilaterally. Is that true?View Special Offers on Our Most Popular CardsNY Driver With Untied Bikini Top Cleared in CrashRaiders Fan Breaks Woman\u0027s Fall\u0027Knockout Game\u0027 Suspect Charged With Hate CrimeManny Pacquiao\u0027s speed would \u0027overwhelm\u0027 Mayweather: RoachTaylor Swift wins AMA artist of the yearJealous Girlfriend Must Watch Her Step On The Dance FloorLakers sign Bryant to 2-year extensionSpies worry over \"doomsday\" cache stashed by ex-NSA contractor SnowdenMan breaks woman\u0027s jump from Oakland stadium deck5 Scariest Disease Outbreaks of the Past CenturyWhere Can You Catch The Best Views of Comet ISON?U.S. winter storm threatens to snarl Thanksgiving travelSave on Auto Insurance Rates Today!Effect of recreational pot on ski biz remains hazyPutin shows faith, kisses Madonna icon at VaticanSupreme Court to consider four Obamacare challenges this weekNorthbound Amtrak derails in S.C. (6 photos)Discovery suggests Buddha lived in 6th century BCSingapore Airlines stops world\u0027s longest flightComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":53,"second":47},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
