{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"HAVANA (AP) — Cuban President Raul Castro introduced himself to President Barack Obama in English at Nelson Mandela\u0027s funeral, telling him, \"Mr. President, I\u0027m Castro,\" as the two leaders shook hands.. Bekoff\u0027s latest book is Expert Voices: Op-Ed \u0026 Insights.$225,000 for $904/month. No fees. No Points. Get multiple mortgage offers in minutes. Can\u0027t hurt to look. It\u0027s free.India angrily brushed aside fresh efforts by the United States Friday to defuse a row over the arrest and strip-search of one of its diplomats, warning Washington that \"times have changed\". Diplomatic sources said Nancy Powell, the US ambassador to New Delhi, was holding talks with senior foreign…WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un\u0027s execution of his uncle last week is an example of the worrisome unpredictability of that regime and could be a prelude to some kind of provocation by Pyongyang, top Pentagon officials said on Thursday. The execution of Jang Song Thaek on…Georgia Winner Identified As Ira Curry of Stone Mountain, Ga.Race Car Driver Danica Patrick is the face of GoDaddy.com, but we\u0027ve never seen her like this before. Braun and beauty? Mara Montalbano (@maramontalbano) explains.By Mark Hosenball and Dhanya Skariachan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Investigators believe that overseas hackers were responsible for the cyber attack on U.S. retailer Target Corp that compromised up to 40 million payment cards during the first three weeks of the holiday shopping season, a person…London theatres sought Friday to reassure visitors about the safety of their buildings after the ceiling collapsed onto the audience at a packed show, injuring 76 people. Desmond Thomas, 18, part of a school party watching the show, said they heard noises before the accident.Two quick-thinking teachers in South Carolina are being credited with saving the lives of a school bus full of children after the driver fell out of his seat. Students from Pinckney Elementary School in Mt. Pleasant, S.C., were returning from a field trip on Dec....LOS ANGELES (AP) — \"Duck Dynasty\" patriarch Phil Robertson — suspended from the series indefinitely after making disparaging remarks about gays — is getting some support from key followers.WASHINGTON (AP) — The Air Force general who was fired from command of U.S. land-based nuclear missile forces had engaged in \"inappropriate behavior\" while on official business in Russia last summer, including heavy drinking, rudeness to his hosts and associating with \"suspect\" women, according to…By David Lague HONG KONG (Reuters) - If the People\u0027s Liberation Army went to war tomorrow, it would field an arsenal bristling with hardware from some of America\u0027s closest allies: Germany, France and Britain. Most of China\u0027s advanced surface warships are powered by German and French-designed…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Kobe Bryant is expected to miss about six weeks with an injured left knee, dealing the second major injury setback of the year to the Los Angeles Lakers\u0027 superstar guard.Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg will sell a chunk of his stake in the company, cashing in some $2.3 billion, as part of a new share offering by the huge social network. A Facebook filing Thursday said the company would sell 70 million shares in a follow-on offering to the huge initial public…New plans, same quality care. Compare Affordable Care Act plans.Samsung’s upcoming fifth-generation flagship Galaxy smartphone is already shaping up to be one of the highlights of 2014, but a new report suggests that the Galaxy S5 might not be quite as exciting as we thought. Earlier rumors pointed to an absolute beast of a smartphone that would include an…After spending 10 years in Russian jails for what many in the West believe were trumped-up offenses, Mikhail Khodorkovsky left prison a free man Friday and immediately flew to Germany. (Dec. 20)If you’re not a scientist, the thought of reading a 2,000-page climate change report probably sounds as enticing as reading the U.S. tax code. But boiled down to a series of haiku, our planet’s descent into ecological destruction makes for an engaging and easy read.   Greg Johnson, an…WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama on Thursday commuted the sentences of eight people he said were serving unduly harsh drug sentences in the most expansive use yet of his power to free inmates.SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — New Mexico became the latest state to legalize gay marriage Thursday as its highest court declared it is unconstitutional to deny marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples.Fri, Dec 20","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Featured9/11 families win right to sue Saudi ArabiaJudge: Girl will stay on life support after tonsillectomy \u0027tragedy\u0027Weary Obama seeks Hawaiian sun\u0027s waking touchFidel Castro discloses brother\u0027s words to ObamaEndangered Przewalski’s Horse Breaks Neck, Just as National Zoo Releases Neglect Report (Op-Ed)Mortgage Rates Hit 2.63% (2.82% APR)Angry India tells US \u0027times have changed\u0027 after diplomat spatU.S. fears North Korean execution could be prelude to provocationGeorgia Mega Millions Winner Comes Forward to Claim Share of $636M JackpotDanica Patrick Sports Bulkly Look for GoDaddy AdTarget probe eyes overseas hackers; stolen cards for sale onlineProbe into London theatre ceiling collapse which injured 762 Teachers Save Bus After Driver Thrown From SeatPatriarch off \u0027Duck Dynasty\u0027 after gay commentsReport: Fired nuke general misbehaved in RussiaSpecial Report - Chinese military\u0027s secret to success: European engineeringKobe likely to miss 6 weeks with fracture in kneeZuckerberg sells as Facebook offers new sharesKaiser Permanente® in CAIt looks like the Galaxy S5 might not be as exciting as we thoughtRussian Tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky a Free ManCould an Octopus Really Be Terrorizing Oklahoma\u0027s Lakes?Keeping It Simple: Scientist Uses Haiku to Explain Climate ChangeObama commutes sentences for 8 drug convictionsNew Mexico legalizes same-sex marriageComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":6,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
