{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Members of Cory Monteith’s family and his girlfriend, Lea Michele, were present Tuesday as Monteith was cremated in Vancouver – but not Monteith’s father, Joe Monteith, who divorced the actor’s mother, Ann McGregor, more than 20 years ago, according to published reports. The cremation and final…I’ve been an obstetrician for 13 years.  When I graduated from Columbia College of Physicians \u0026 Surgeons, I was eager to learn the most high-tech, up-to-date, modern medicine — evidenced-based medicine — that this country had to offer. Royal Baby Could Arrive ‘by the End...Get detailed information about anyone in the U.S including their Public Records, Pictures, and contact information. Step 1: Enter Name 2: See ResultsLess than a year after giving birth to her son, Snooki is making women envious.        Several people face charges Wednesday morning in Porterville, after a packed city hall meeting went late into the night.One of the centerpieces of Obamacare bloomed Wednesday when New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) announced the new state-run insurance exchange would cut costs by more than half.LAKEPORT, Calif. (AP) — For months homeowners agonized as houses in their subdivision sank one-by-one into a California hilltop. It got so dangerous that the U.S. Postal Service refused to deliver mail.Britain’s Prince William and his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, are two of the most photographed people in the world. As the world now waits for Kate to deliver the couple’s first child any day, excitement around the couple has reached fever pitch. Click HERE...HAVANA (AP) — North Korea on Wednesday repeated Cuba\u0027s assertion that the antiquated weapons systems found on a cargo ship in Panama were headed to the Asian county for repair. But while the explanation is potentially credible, it leaves troubling questions unresolved, international arms experts say.Rolling Stone magazine put Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on the cover of its August issue, drawing harsh criticism from the online world that it glorifies the alleged bomber. The cover, often reserved for rock stars and top celebrities, features the 19-year-old teen suspect...BOSTON (AP) — New studies suggest that noticing you are having memory or thinking problems could be the earliest sign of Alzheimer\u0027s disease. The Alzheimer\u0027s Association lists these 10 warning signs, plus advice on how to tell them from normal age-related changes:LONDON (AP) — Surgeons may have a new way to smoke out cancer.CAIRO (AP) — The head of Egypt\u0027s military, Gen. Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, sat with a polite smile in the front row listening to President Mohammed Morsi give a 2 1/2-hour speech defending his year in office. El-Sissi even clapped lightly as the audience of Morsi supporters broke into cheers.Police are looking for the man who robbed a Wilmington liquor store at gunpoint.From Minnesota to Massachusetts temperatures surged to potentially dangerous levels Wednesday as the largest heat wave of the summer stretched out and stagnated, with relief in many parts of the country ...Find out how this unexpected joint solution is helping Americans live happier, healthier lives after 50!BARNSTABLE, Mass. (AP) — Two members of the Kennedy family who thought they were doing a good deed by freeing an entangled sea turtle actually violated the law, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.MIAMI (Reuters) - The Miami Beach mansion once owned by Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace and the site of his 1997 fatal shooting will be sold at an auction in September with bids starting at $25 million. The 23,000-square-foot mansion, now known as Casa Casuarina, will go on the block at a…Since interest rates began rising in May, the real estate market has been preparing for a major storm. A downpour arrived Wednesday as the Commerce Department reported the worst drop in housing starts ...As the whole world waits for the Duchess of Cambridge to deliver her first child, a whole chorus of questions surrounds Kate’s pregnancy, from when she will deliver, to where she will give birth to whether it will be a boy or a girl to...(Reuters) - U.S. law enforcement agencies are using license plate scanners designed to track down criminals to build databases detailing the whereabouts of millions of U.S. drivers, the American Civil Liberties Union said in a report released on Wednesday. The ACLU\u0027s new report summarized the…As Yael Katsir tells it, the Israeli army makes it possible for civilians who live along the border with Egypt\u0027s Sinai Peninsula to have their cake and eat it, too – almost.Wed, Jul 179 Chickweed Lane Wednesday, July 17 More","h1":"Latest Videos",".title":"Comics9 Chickweed Lane","h2":"Yahoo! News","h3":"Carter says Zimmerman verdict was \u0027right decision\u0027NRA slams Holder over \u0027stand your ground\u0027Bloomberg\u0027s next anti-obesity battle: elevatorsCory Monteith\u0027s Father Reportedly Devastated He Wasn\u0027t Invited to Cremation3 Hints That Royal Baby Might Be a GirlNow you can See Anyone\u0027s U.S Public RecordSnooki Shows Off Dramatic Weight LossSeveral people face charges after Porterville LGBT meetingObamacare to slash premiums in New York. Was Obama right all along?Residents of sinking Calif. subdivision file claimRoyal Photographer Captures Iconic Photos of Prince William and KateExperts: Cuba arms shipment explanation troublingRolling Stone Cover of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Ignites Online FirestormHow to tell signs of dementia from normal agingNew surgical knife can instantly detect cancerDisputes between Morsi, military led to Egypt coupSuspect sought in armed liquor store robberyHeat blankets much of US as summer sizzles8 Simple Joint Ingredients You Won\u0027t BelieveFeds: Kennedys\u0027 sea turtle rescue was a violationFormer Versace mansion in Miami Beach to go on the auction blockShould You Worry About More Bad Housing Numbers?Great Expectations for Kate as a Royal MomLicense plate scanners collecting data on millions of U.S. drivers: ACLU reportIn southern Israel, barbed wire guards \u0027heaven\u0027Comics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":1,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
