{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The United States said Saturday it was \"deeply concerned\" and committed to defending Japan after China announced an air zone in the East China Sea that includes disputed islands. In a move that US ally Japan branded as \"very dangerous,\" China said it was setting up the \"air defense identification…By Estelle Shirbon LONDON (Reuters) - One of Britain\u0027s longest and most bitter divorce battles culminated on Friday with a High Court judge branding a well-connected millionaire a liar and his ex-wife a conspiracy theorist. Far from being \"penniless and hopelessly bankrupt\", as he had claimed,…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.By John Ruwitch SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China on Saturday bolstered its claim to islands that Japan says it owns, warning that it would take \"defensive emergency measures\" against aircraft that failed to identify themselves properly in airspace over them. Ties between the Asian powers have been…A couple accused of keeping three women as slaves in a London house for 30 years are of Indian and Tanzanian origin and two of the victims were part of a political \"collective\", police said on Saturday. The two older victims involved in Britain\u0027s most shocking case of modern-day slavery are…David Amaya Barrick was still a toddler when his Dad took him from his birthplace in Chicago across the border to Mexico . And now, more than 30 years since they last saw each other, Barrick and his mother have been brought back together in an emotional reunion.Hate crime charges against a black Brooklyn man for assaulting a white man could raise the stakes over what to do about the so-called “knockout game,” where primarily young black men surprise white victims with a rain of punches – sometimes for a $5 bet. Police have been receiving reports that…By Noreen O\u0027Donnell (Reuters) - A dangerous storm that brought snow and drenching rains to the southwestern United States is threatening Thanksgiving travel for millions of people in the eastern states, weather forecasters said on Saturday. The storm is expected to bring heavy rain to the Southeast…By Jonathan Kaminsky OLYMPIA, Washington (Reuters) - Significantly more drivers pulled over by police in Washington state are testing positive for marijuana since legalization of the drug\u0027s recreational use took effect in January, according to figures released this week by the Washington State…COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Urban Meyer knows how difficult it is to avoid upsets in college football.The best news photos of the day for November 23, 2013. (AP/Reuters) Riot police use water cannons and pepper gas to disperse thousands of Turkish teachers who were gathered to protest the government\u0027s education policies, children shower near the debris of an area destroyed by Typhoon Haiyan in…Cristiano Ronaldo is hopeful he could be fit to face Galatasaray in the Champions League on Wednesday despite being forced off with an injury during Real Madrid\u0027s 5-0 win away to Almeria on Saturday. Ronaldo had opened the scoring after just three minutes to continue his remarkable form of late. …The Obama administration announced a flurry of fixes to its troubled HealthCare.gov website on Friday that officials said would soon double its current capacity, a crucial step toward getting the system working by a November 30 deadline. It also pushed back a deadline for people to enroll in…By Jack Kim and James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea\u0027s Kim Jong Un has rattled the United States with his nuclear threats and bemused the world with his penchant for funfairs, Disney and Dennis Rodman. Partly out of the public eye, however, the young leader has presided over a construction…November 22, 1963 marks the 50th anniversary of John F. Kennedy\u0027s assassination. That death stunned the world and caused an outpouring of public grief unprecedented in modern United States history. Some even say that the killing of the 35th president altered the course of history, and that the…For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.Fisker Automotive, whose sleek, sporty electric cars caught the eye of Justin Bieber and other celebrities, has filed for bankruptcy protection. The California-based company also announced it had entered an asset purchase agreement with Hybrid Tech Holdings, LLC. \"After having evaluated and…The Royal on Epic Race to the South PoleLOS ANGELES (AP) — \"The Hunger Games: Catching Fire\" is a scorching hit at the box office.Rescuers on Saturday saved a dog trapped nearly a week down a gigantic artificial crater known as \"Big Hole\" in central South Africa. The canine explorer survived a dizzying plunge down the 200-metre (650-foot) hole in Kimberley in Northern Cape province, managing to swim across the lake at the…The outcome of nuclear talks between Iran and world powers was highly uncertain on Sunday as Tehran stuck to its controversial demand to have its \"right\" to enrich uranium formally recognised. Negotiators were continuing to work into the night however ahead of the effective deadline set by the…World super-middleweight champion Carl Froch said he would consider a rematch with George Groves after what the beaten challenger called an \"unjust\" stoppage in a dramatic all-British bout in Manchester. Groves, defying all predictions, sent Froch to the canvas in the first round and appeared to…Sat, Nov 23","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear dealU.S. criticizes new China zone, vows to defend JapanPowerful storm system blasts Western U.S.; 8 killedUS criticizes new China zone, vows to defend Japan\u0027Penniless\u0027 man is worth $65 million, court rules - and must give wife halfCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015China bolsters East China Sea claim, warns of \u0027defensive measures\u0027Women held as \u0027slaves\u0027 in London were part of \u0027collective\u0027Mother and son reunited 30 years after he disappeared across U.S.-Mexico borderBrooklyn attack arrest: Is \u0027knockout game\u0027 a hate crime?Dangerous cross-country storm threatens U.S. holiday travelMore drivers testing positive for pot: Washington State PatrolMiller leads No. 4 Buckeyes over Hoosiers, 42-14Photos of the day - November 23, 2013 (22 photos)Substitution just a precaution, says injured RonaldoU.S. scrambles to boost Obamacare enrollment as deadlines loomInsight: Kim Jong Un, North Korea\u0027s master builderMost famous assassinations in history (9 photos)Top 10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditElectric carmaker Fisker files for bankruptcyPrince Harry\u0027s Cheer Chilled by Antarctic Cold\u0027Catching Fire\u0027 ablaze with $135M at box officeDog rescued from South African \u0027Big Hole\u0027 after a weekIranian nuclear talks snag on enrichment \u0027right\u0027Froch open to Groves rematch after controversial winComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":2,"second":40},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
