{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: I have been with my partner, \"Harold,\" for 11 years. After gay marriage passed here in Minnesota, Harold told me he didn\u0027t want to marry me because of my credit rating.New forensics studies have reached some strong conclusions in the assassination of President Kennedy.Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. Check out Kelley Blue Book\u0027s official list of the 10 coolest cars under $18,000.CHICAGO (AP) — The Chicago Bulls were in the process of pulling away from the Cleveland Cavaliers when the game was robbed of any real significance.The United Nations was Tuesday poised to appeal for hundreds of millions of dollars in emergency aid for the tyhoon-ravaged Philippines, as a massive international relief effort began to build momentum. UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos is in Manila to launch a \"flash appeal\" for cash, while…AMSTERDAM (AP) — She couldn\u0027t resist. Singer Miley Cyrus smoked a joint on stage and twerked with a dwarf during the MTV EMAs on Sunday.An elderly Florida couple who found themselves caught in the center of the George Zimmerman-Trayvon Martin case last year has filed a lawsuit against film director Spike Lee for retweeting information that mistook their home for Zimmerman’s. Lee sent a Twitter message last year to...The devastation of people affected by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines is painfully clear in the BBC video above, and the latest estimate is hard to fathom: Nearly 10 million people appear to have been affected by the storm and its aftermath. Bob Kitchen, who heads the International Rescue…A jury trial will reconsider damages awarded last year in the case stemming from Apple\u0027s allegation that its South Korean rival illegally copied technology from the iPhone and iPad. The new trial became necessary after a judge cut some $450 million from a damage award of more than $1 billion to be…INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Eight straight wins isn\u0027t enough for the perfect Pacers.When did restaurant receipts become the “new bully pulpit”? And it’s a question Bill Maher asked as well on his Friday show in a “New Rule” segment that focused on food stamp cuts—which some Republicans have tried to justify with Bible quotes—and what he perceives as a trend of Christians shorting…Novak Djokovic has set his sights on following his successful defence of the ATP World Tour Finals by leading Serbia to glory in the Davis Cup final. Djokovic won the prestigious season-ending Tour Finals for the third time with a dominant 6-3, 6-4 victory over world number one Rafael Nadal at the…Generation Opportunity is throwing parties to urge young people not to enroll in Obamacare exchanges.Peace efforts between Democratic Republic of Congo and defeated M23 rebels will continue, Uganda\u0027s government said Tuesday, a day after the two sides failed to sign a much hoped for agreement. \"Both parties are still here in Uganda... the talks have not been officially called off,\" Ugandan…Eli Saslow of the Washington Post describes the slapdash homes, chickens wandering through the streets, a mule munching on trash in the middle of an intersection. Except, as the immigrant parents of Blanca, a diabetic single mother of two who relies on food stamps, told their daughter about the…For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.By Yara Bayoumy CAIRO (Reuters) - Moderate has become a dirty word in Egypt. Since the army ousted Islamist president Mohamed Mursi, anyone who refuses to support either side uncritically has become a traitor to both. Polarised attitudes of \"you\u0027re either with us or against us\" have forced…BERLIN (AP) — This time it splashed down in the Atlantic Ocean — but what about next time?ABC News’ Neal Karlinsky, Mosheh Gains and Sandra Petrykowski report: Two Gonzaga University students are on indefinite probation for pulling out a gun when an intruder allegedly tried to force his way into their university-owned apartment. Erik Fagan and Dan McIntosh were notified Sunday in...A South African woman says she is helping wildlife conservation efforts, but experts aren\u0027t so sure.One Gunman or Two? Soviets or the CIA? The Best JFK Conspiracy Theories\"Piecing together Vivian Maier’s life can easily evoke Churchill’s famous quote about the vast land of Tsars and commissars that lay to the east. A person who fit the stereotypical European sensibilities of an independent liberated woman, accent and all, yet born in New York City. Someone who was…Tue, Nov 12","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Desperate survivors seek to flee typhoon zoneIran denies it scuttled nuclear talksMedicaid is health overhaul\u0027s early success storyLongtime Gay Couple May Be Better Off Not MarryingNew forensics studies investigate the single-bullet theory in JFK assassination10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Rose departs Bulls\u0027 victory with hamstring injuryTyphoon-ravaged Philippine islands (101 photos)Miley Cyrus smokes a joint at MTV EMAsSpike Lee Sued Over George Zimmerman TweetThese Terrified Survivors of Typhoon Haiyan Will Break Your HeartApple, Samsung to face off in court again on patentsPacers roll past Memphis 95-79 to stay unbeatenBill Maher\u0027s \u0027New Rule\u0027 for Restaurant Tipping: Give Money, Not DogmaDjokovic eyes Davis Cup glory to cap superb finishAnti-Obamacare group entices students with models and a boozy partyNo DR Congo, M23 rebel peace deal but talks continueFood Companies Spend $10 Million to Keep Junk Food Covered by SNAPTop-10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditModerates fade from political view in polarised EgyptSatellite hits Atlantic _ but what about next one?Gonzaga Students Hit With Probation for Pulling Gun on IntruderLiving With 8 LionsThe Top 5 John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy TheoriesVivian Maier self-portraits exhibit comes to NYC (11 photos)Comics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":12,"minute":1,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
