{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AMSTERDAM (AP) — She couldn\u0027t resist. Singer Miley Cyrus smoked a joint on stage and twerked with a dwarf during the MTV EMAs on Sunday.AMSTERDAM (AP) — Miley Cyrus opened MTV\u0027s Europe Music Awards with her hit song \"We Can\u0027t Stop\" — while wearing a space-themed silver spandex suit and twerking with a female dwarf.For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you.DEAR ABBY: My daughter \"Jenny,\" her husband, \"Bob,\" and their three dogs live with my husband and me in our home. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)Multi-platinum selling diva Lady Gaga took off in a custom-made flying dress to proclaim a new cultural revolution for Monday\u0027s global launch of her third album, greeted by mixed reviews. Fighting to retain her \"Queen of Pop\" crown, Gaga strapped herself into the fly suit, clamped on a helmet and…Police believe alcohol may have played a part in the accident that killed 3 people in Harnett Co. early Sunday.Manchester (United Kingdom) (AFP) - Manchester United manager David Moyes warned that his side still had progress to make after they breathed life into their Premier League title defence by defeating leaders Arsenal. Moyes has seen his team beaten by Liverpool, Manchester City and West Bromwich…This morning on “This Week,” New Jersey Republican Gov. Chris Christie brushed off criticism reported in the new book “Double Down” from a member of Mitt Romney’s 2012 vice presidential vetting team, saying his advice was not something he should “give a darn about.” “First...Florida State is No. 2 in The Associated Press college football poll, the Seminoles\u0027 best ranking since 2000.Superheroes continue to defeat their foes at the box office.A slowdown in global warming that climate sceptics cite in favour of their cause was partly induced by one of the world\u0027s most successful environment treaties, a study said on Sunday. The UN\u0027s Montreal Protocol, designed to phase out industrial gases that destroy Earth\u0027s protective ozone layer,…Within hours of President John F. Kennedy\u0027s assassination on Nov. 22, 1963, most Americans were familiar with the name Lee Harvey Oswald. Certain images of him — posing with a rifle, recoiling from Jack Ruby\u0027s gun — have been ingrained in the nation\u0027s memory. Yet to this day, he remains an enigma.…A Florida school board has agreed to begin considering whether to change the name of a primarily black high school named for the first “grand wizard” of the Ku Klux Klan and Confederate Army General, Nathan Bedford Forrest. A petition started on Change.org by Omotayo...The United States is moving steadily toward accepting same-sex marriage. One by one, states are legalizing gay marriage. 8 ban on same-sex marriage no doubt have accelerated movement in that direction. But polls in many states – as they do nationally – now show majority approval of gay marriage,…Armed with pastels and charcoal pencils, Janet Hamlin has for years been the only sketch artist allowed to cover the secretive US military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay. As such, her drawings of self-confessed 9/11 plotter Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his four co-defendants are the only images the…Get all the styles you need for fall, with coupons and extra savings, plus, free shipping every day.By Chris Francescani NEW YORK (Reuters) - City attorneys have asked a U.S. appeals court to vacate a federal judge\u0027s decision ordering the New York Police Department to curtail its stop-and-frisk tactics, after the same court removed the judge from the case but left her ruling intact. The \"public…German authorities think a good number of the paintings found in an art trove largely looted by the Nazis may ultimately be returned to the Munich man in whose apartment they were discovered, a media report said Sunday. The story of the more than 1,400 artworks found in the garbage-strewn…Corpses hung from trees, were scattered on sidewalks or buried in flattened buildings — some of the thousands believed killed in one Philippine city alone by ferocious Typhoon Haiyan that washed away homes and buildings with powerful winds and giant waves. As the scale of devastation became…Parents are often criticized for letting their children eat fast food, but one father in Manhattan says he was branded as an \"unfit parent\" after refusing to let his son eat food from McDonald\u0027s. Attorney David Schorr recently found himself in a familiar tug-of-war with his nearly five-year-old…The Pakistan army Sunday demanded unconditional apology from an Islamist leader for calling a dead militant a \"martyr\", saying his remarks \"hurt the feelings\" of families of those who died fighting for their country. The leader of the main Jamaat-e-Islami party, Syed Munawar Hassan, sparked…To win a seat on a community college board in a predominantly African-American district, a conservative candidate pretended he was black.Mon, Nov 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Survivors desperate for aid in typhoon-ravaged PhilippinesTyphoon Haiyan makes landfall in VietnamShould Newtown\u0027s 911 tapes be made public?Miley Cyrus smokes a joint at MTV EMAsMiley Cyrus twerks at MTV Europe Music AwardsTop-10 Credit Cards for Excellent CreditDogs Running Loose Are Not The Only Ones At RiskLady Gaga takes flight with \u0027Artpop\u0027 global releaseOnly two survivors of a horrific crash cling to lifeMoyes urges caution as Premier League title race tightensChristie: Advice From Romney Campaign Something Nobody Should \u0027Really Give a Darn About\u0027Florida State is No. 2 behind \u0027Bama in AP Top 25\u0027Thor: The Dark World\u0027 bashes box office with $86MOzone pact helped cool the planetWho was Lee Harvey Oswald? Many questions lingerBoard Considers Taking KKK Leader\u0027s Name Off High SchoolGay marriage spreads to more states. Will the trend continue?Gitmo sketch artist reveals 9/11 suspect\u0027s true faceJCPenney coupons give you more reasons to shopNYC asks court to vacate order curbing stop-and-frisk by policeChunk of \u0027Nazi art trove\u0027 may be returned to Munich manSuper typhoon slams into Philippines (91 photos)Dad Allegedly Characterized as \u0027Unfit\u0027 for Refusing to Feed His Son McDonald\u0027sPakistan army demands apology from Islamist leaderWhite candidate pretends to be black to win electionComics",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2013,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":41,"second":58},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
