{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MONTROSE, Colo. (AP) — A small plane believed to be carrying five people crashed into a reservoir in southwestern Colorado and authorities say all are feared dead.Luxor (Egypt) (AFP) - Archaeologists on Sunday unveiled two colossal statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III in Egypt\u0027s famed temple city of Luxor, adding to an existing pair of world-renowned tourist attractions. The two monoliths in red quartzite were raised at what European and Egyptian archaeologists…If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.BEIJING (AP) — U.S. first lady Michelle Obama brought the importance of education to the foreground on Sunday on the third day of a visit to China, where she has won praise for her approachability and admiration for her comments supporting freedom of speech.PERTH, Australia (AP) — France provided new satellite data Sunday showing possible debris from the missing Malaysia Airlines jet, as searchers combing a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean tried without success to locate a wooden pallet that could yield clues to one of the world\u0027s most…The former president believes American intelligence agencies are monitoring his email.A woman, face smeared with colored powder, smiles during a religious spring festival Holi in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, a Sumatran Orangoutang plays with a piece of bamboo and a tin can in the Tel Aviv Ramt Gan Zoological Center and hotel security personnel sits next to an entrance of a meeting hall,…Ukraine\u0027s acting Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsya said this morning that the likelihood of war between his country and Russia is growing as Russian troops continued to seize Ukrainian military bases in the annexed Crimea region.  Mr. Deschchytsya told ABC that \"we don\u0027t know what (Russian…By Allyn Fisher-Ilan JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli diplomats launched an unprecedented strike on Sunday, forcing the complete closure of embassies around the world as they escalated a dispute over pay, officials said. The industrial action has already threatened to postpone a visit by Pope Francis…Balance transfer credit card offers are designed to help people consolidate their credit card debt onto one card. Save money on interest charges.What We Learned About the World and Airplanes Since MH370 VanishedDEAR ABBY: My husband and I were both married previously. We have been together for seven years. When we first started dating, we would sometimes go to one of the casinos after dinner as a fun outing. We never spent much money and went only occasionally. Our game of choice was the slot machine.…When a major discovery confirmed the Big Bang this week, some evangelicals ignored it, while others claimed it’s already in the Bible. But the theory’s Catholic history suggests there’s a better way to look at it.Brad Binder is kicking himself. After 33 games, he is the last man standing with a perfect NCAA tournament bracket, on Yahoo! Sports at least. The trouble is, the 23-year-old neglected to enter any pools. Not Warren Buffet’s billion dollar challenge, not Fox Sports’ $1...CINCINNATI (AP) — A 12-year-old girl with a rare case of medically induced obesity that pushed her weight past 200 pounds is recovering after weight-loss surgery.The story of a teenager who was fatally struck by a train on his way to a Sadie Hawkins Dance Friday points to a significant rise in pedestrian train accidents nationwide. Mateus Moore and his girlfriend, Mickayla Friend, were walking on railroad tracks on their way to a dance at the Marysville…If you haven\u0027t looked into getting life insurance recently, you may be surprised at how affordable it is to protect your family.Barcelona moved to within a point of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga as they twice came from behind thanks to a Lionel Messi hat-trick to edge a thrilling El Clasico 4-3 at the Santiago Bernabeu. The sides went in level 2-2 at half-time as a record 19th goal against Madrid from Messi cancelled…Emilio Morenatti, a native of Spain who studied graphic design, is currently based in Barcelona and has worked exclusively for the AP since March 2004. Morenatti has years of experience in war zones, working for the AP in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Israel and the Palestinian Territories. In 2006, he…Soon after, a friend gave her some prescription painkiller pills to try, which Ana (not her real name) says made her feel even better than the alcohol. Often the introduction comes through friends who want to share a high they have discovered.Religious conservatives are moving to build protection for discrimination into the law. If the Supreme Court lets them, we could end up with a country that can’t be governed.Lakeland (United States) (AFP) - Detroit Tigers pitcher Max Scherzer, last year\u0027s Cy Young award winner as the American League\u0027s best pitcher, has rejected a long-term Major League Baseball contract offer from the Tigers. \"The Detroit Tigers have made a substantial, long-term contract extension…GULBERWICK, Scotland (AP) — In the late winter dusk, hundreds of Vikings are marching down to the beach, bearing flaming torches. Their studded leather breastplates glint in the firelight as they roar and sing.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2014 credit card offers and find your best offer.Sun, Mar 23","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedDeath toll in Washington state landslide rises to 8Kimmel-Clinton selfie takes on Ellen\u0027s Oscar shotJimmy Carter believes U.S. is spying on himOfficials: No survivors expected in plane crashTwo more colossal pharaoh statues unveiled in EgyptHomeowners Get a Bailout This YearUS first lady praised for style, warmth in ChinaFrench data show possible debris from jetlinerJimmy Carter believes U.S. is spying on himPhotos of the day - March 23, 2014 (35 photos)NATO sounds alarm as Russian forces build on Ukraine borderIsrael closes embassies around the world as diplomats strikeBalance Transfer Credit Cards: Top Offers of 2014Amazing Facts Highlighted by Malaysian Airliner MysteryFun Outings At The Casino Become Costly CompulsionIs the Big Bang in the Bible?Perfect NCAA Bracket Holder Didn\u0027t Enter Warren Buffett\u0027s $1 Billion ChallengeObese Texas girl who had tumor has surgery in OhioTeen couple struck by California train: Tragedy points to growing problem$500,000 Life Insurance Policy For $27 per MonthMessi hat-trick sees Barca past Real in seven-goal thrillerPhotographer Emilio Morenatti (48 photos)Why heroin is spreading in America\u0027s suburbsReligious Freedom Goes Too FarScherzer rejects Tigers\u0027 long-term offerScotland\u0027s Vikings go own way in independence voteCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR for 18 MonthsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":8,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
