{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Washington (AFP) - A patient with symptoms that could be associated with the deadly Ebola virus and a recent travel history to Nigeria was admitted Friday to a Washington-area hospital, a spokeswoman told AFP.Hair salons are scrambling to keep you from learning about a new hair care company called eSalon. \"Hairstylists have written us angry letters...\"NEW YORK (AP) — Marriott International will pay a $600,000 fine for jamming conference attendees\u0027 own Wi-Fi networks at its Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center, forcing them to pay hefty prices to use the hotel\u0027s own connection.Bangkok (AFP) - Thai police Friday charged two Myanmar men with murder and rape after the killing of two British tourists on a southern island last month, in a case that has severely dented the kingdom\u0027s image as a holiday haven.RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — In a story Oct. 2 about Jesse Leroy Matthew Jr., the man charged in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham, The Associated Press incorrectly reported that the town of Orange police chief said his department was looking into…WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Marine who went into the sea from a V-22 Osprey during a flight mishap over the northern Gulf this week was the first American killed in U.S. military operations against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. Corporal Jordan Spears, 21, of Memphis, Indiana, was a…Law enforcement officials tracking the survivalist charged with ambushing a rural Pennsylvania State Police barracks said Friday that they have found caches of food and other supplies and believe he\u0027ll likely start breaking into cabins or searching through trash bins to sustain himself.LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) — Boko Haram, the extremist Islamic group In Nigeria, has published a video that shows charred plane wreckage and the beheading of a man identified as a pilot of a missing Nigerian Air Force jet, bolstering the group\u0027s claims that it shot down a fighter plane.Embrace classic elegance with totes and satchels plus chic shades and coats. Up to 60% off! Limited time only. Shop now.By Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has seen six cases of the Ebola virus in recent weeks affecting five Americans and a Liberian. Two of the cases surfaced this week, raising concerns about wider spread of the disease, which has killed at least 3,439 people in the current…OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (AP) — President Barack Obama gave Republicans a gift of sorts by confirming their midterm election narrative that next month\u0027s balloting is a referendum on his policies. Within hours, GOP candidates across the election landscape capitalized on his words with ads tying their…Hong Kong student leaders on Friday said they had called off talks with the government after angry scuffles erupted at their huge pro-democracy demonstrations, saying police had allowed \"triad\" criminal gangs to attack their protest camps. (AFP) Find more news related pictures on our photo…LANCASTER, Calif. (AP) — The morning walk that would be the last of Pamela Devitt\u0027s life was more than just a routine stroll. It was part of the retiree\u0027s effort to keep fit for her golden years with a young grandson.Two great white sharks have been caught and killed off Western Australia, officials said Friday, after an attack in which a young surfer lost parts of both arms.New York (AFP) - An unarmed man was shot dead in the back by New York police after intervening when a knife-wielding assailant threatened a woman and her two children, officials said Thursday.Everyone has heard of Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, but this uber rich mogul might become the world\u0027s richest man. Learn from his success.By Julie Steenhuysen CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nurses, the frontline care providers in U.S. hospitals, say they are untrained and unprepared to handle patients arriving in their hospital emergency departments infected with Ebola. Many say they have gone to hospital managers, seeking training on how to…A disturbing video sows a devastating punch by a teenage student with special needs on another 11-year-old boy. The family of the victim is now seeking help from law enforcement because two adults were on the bus and are not seen intervening.LONDON (AP) — Prince William and his wife Kate have threatened to take legal action against a photographer they say has been monitoring their toddler son Prince George.By Ayla Jean Yackley and Jonny Hogg YUMURTALIK Turkey (Reuters) - Khaled Baki phones the number of a fellow Kurdish fighter and gets through to the Islamic State militants who say they beheaded her. Baki\u0027s friend, one of the Kurdish forces\u0027 many female soldiers, disappeared as she fought to try and…Lviv (Ukraine) (AFP) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday risked further angering the Kremlin by suggesting that English lessons replace Russian ones in schools to improve the country\u0027s standard of living.Washington (AFP) - A new genetic history of HIV shows how the pandemic almost certainly took root in the 1920s in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo, researchers said Thursday.Dr. Paul Knoepflmacher details stroke and more at Healthination.As explosions erupted from airstrikes in Iraq and Syria over the past 12 days in the U.S.-led military campaign against terrorists there, the sounds of silence from jihadi propagandists also have intensified.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistFri, Oct 3","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsMilitants behead British hostageU.S. officials acknowledge ‘missteps’ in Dallas but defend Ebola responseHow the Secret Service\u0027s problems became a secret in WashingtonPatient with Ebola symptoms enters Washington hospitalWhy You Should Color your Gray at HomeMarriott fined $600,000 for jamming guests\u0027 Wi-FiThai police charge Myanmar men with murder, rape of Brit touristsCorrection: Missing UVa Student storyMarine is first U.S. death in operations against Islamic StatePolice seize ambush suspect\u0027s food suppliesBoko Haram video shows beheading of Nigeria pilotUp to 60% Off Michael Kors Handbags!Factbox: U.S. faces sixth case of Ebola as latest American falls illGOP seizes on Obama comment about his policiesHong Kong protests (72 photos)Dog owner gets at least 15 years in fatal maulingSharks killed after Australian surfer loses hands in attackPolice shoot dead unarmed man in New York1 Mystery Man Worth $59 BillionU.S. nurses say they are unprepared to handle Ebola patientsParents: Bus Driver Did Nothing as Student Was AttackedUK royals issue warning over Prince George picsIslamic State backs up force in Syria with threats, taunting callsTeach English, not Russian in Ukraine schools: presidentHIV\u0027s origins traced to Kinshasa in 1920sWhat is a stroke? Watch Dr. Knoepflmacher explain.ISIS Propaganda Withers Under US StrikesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":6,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
