{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"ABC News’ Anna Wild reports: New video obtained by a TV news station of Teleka Patrick, a Michigan doctor who mysteriously vanished nearly one month ago, may be the clue investigators have been searching for to help discover her whereabouts. The video shows Patrick, 30,...A 40-year-old man with a sore throat and fever was diagnosed with tonsillitis, and was prescribed penicillin, a common antibiotic. But several days later, the man developed a rash over his armpits, groin and buttocks — an unusual condition known as \"baboon syndrome.\" The condition, more formally…You won\u0027t believe the fast joint relief these ingredients can deliverSAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The California Supreme Court granted a law license Thursday to a man who has lived in the U.S. illegally for two decades, a ruling that advocates hope will open the door to millions of immigrants seeking to enter other professions such as medicine, accounting and teaching.New Year’s resolutions are usually predictable: lose weight, quit smoking, find a significant other, or maybe budget money more effectively. A Seattle woman went on a diet but took the task a step further, testing her will to see if she could limit her food consumption to just one outlet. That one…US actor James Avery, most famous as Uncle Phil in hit 1990s sitcom \"The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,\" died on New Year\u0027s Eve aged 68, his publicist said. With a deep baritone voice, Avery regularly played judges, professors or doctors in TV shows in the 1980s and 90s, as well as extensive voice work,…Three sets of New Years twins will have a lifetime of explaining to do. In each case one baby was born on Dec. 31 and the other on Jan. 1. They’re twins, yet they were born in different years. One mother is already dedicated to...As people around the world partied their way into the new year, two mothers gave birth to two of the last babies of 2013 and two of the first babies of 2014.  While born just minutes apart, their twin babies entered the world in two...Retail marijuana stores are open for business on New Years’ Day in Colorado, the first state that has successfully legalized the controlled sale and use of recreation pot. But that doesn’t necessarily mean the cloud of legal controversy has lifted.When Amy Kroezen, 29, graduated from the Art Institute of Atlanta in 2008, she couldn\u0027t find a job that took advantage of her interior design degree. To make matters worse, she soon had to start payments on her student loan debt. She and her husband, a dance instructor, owed about $116,000 in…Brisbane (Australia) (AFP) - Serena Williams Thursday served a perfect first set on her way to setting up a blockbuster semi-final against bitter rival Maria Sharapova at the Brisbane International. The top-seeded Williams did not lose a point on serve during the opening set during her…HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Residents and emergency management officials in New England and parts of New York prepared on Wednesday for a winter storm predicted to help usher in 2014 with snow and frigid temperatures across much of the region.By Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Janet Yellen came a step closer to final approval as the Federal Reserve\u0027s next chair after the U.S. Senate set a Monday vote on President Barack Obama\u0027s choice to succeed Ben Bernanke. The Senate is expected to vote at around 5:30 p.m. EST Monday on…By Niluksi Koswanage KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Islamic authorities in Malaysia on Thursday seized 321 Bibles from a Christian group because they used the word Allah to refer to God, signaling growing intolerance that may inflame ethnic and religious tension in the Southeast Asian country. That…NEW YORK (AP) — \"Duck Dynasty\" star Willie Robertson chose not to quack back.The travel industry\u0027s best kept secret is out. (HINT: You will want to book a cruise after reading this...) See How!DALLAS (AP) — American Airlines says more than 60,000 employees voted and a majority want to paint red, white and blue horizontal stripes on the tails of all AA planes.An unmarried Utah father has filed a $130 million lawsuit against his son\u0027s biological mother, claiming she put their son up for adoption with his knowledge.        Sharpshooters will renew culling the white-tailed deer population, growing fast in the heart of the U.S. capital, as early as Thursday night, the National Park Service said. The nighttime hunts by Department of Agriculture shooters in Washington\u0027s Rock Creek Park will continue until March 31, or…NEW YORK (AP) — Hundreds of brave bathers rang in 2014 with a plunge into the icy ocean off Coney Island.WASHINGTON (AP) — For Democrats and Republicans, the early stages of the 2016 presidential contest are worlds apart.ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan\u0027s former President Pervez Musharraf was rushed to hospital on Thursday with a \"heart problem\" he experienced while on his way to a court hearing in a high treason case, police and lawyers said.Thu, Jan 2","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedStorm comes knocking on Northeast\u0027s doorGun magazine maker follows through on vow to leave Colo.Body found in ruins of Minneapolis apartment fireMissing Doctor\u0027s Video Raises More Questions About Teleka Patrick\u0027Baboon Syndrome\u0027: An Unusual Complication of AntibioticsHow To Relieve JointsCourt grants law license to man in US illegallyWoman Ate Only Starbucks Food for All of 2013\u0027Fresh Prince\u0027 actor James Avery dies, aged 68Mom Says Twins Born in Different Years Will Get Separate PartiesNew Year\u0027s Twin Babies Born in Separate YearsLegal marijuana sales start in Colorado as issues lingerHow One Family Paid Off $118,000 in DebtPerfect serve sets up Williams-Sharapova semi1st snowstorm of 2014 descends on New England, NYSenate sets Monday vote on Janet Yellen to head FedMalaysia\u0027s Islamic authorities seize Bibles as Allah row deepens\u0027Duck\u0027 son Robertson makes nice in Fox interviewHow Cruise Lines Fill All Those Unsold Cabins?American Airlines workers vote on tail paint jobsDad\u0027s $130M Suit: Son Unknowingly Put Up for AdoptionSharpshooters to renew deer cull in heart of Washington D.C.NY bathers splash into new year with ocean swimContrast for parties in 2016 presidential racePakistan\u0027s Musharraf taken to hospital, not courtComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":16,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
