{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.A deep sea lancetfish washed up alive on a Nags Head, North Carolina beach on Monday.More Details Emerge About Woman Accused of Posing as TeenRich Dad Stock Success coming to the San Francisco Area: June 3rd - 5th for a free 2 hour seminar. Free gift for attending! Sign up now!Beyoncé has made her first public statement since the leaked elevator security footage of husband and sister fighting came out this week. This is also the first that has been heard from Solange and Jay Z, as the family trio issued this joint statement to The Associated Press: SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — A New York man was sentenced Friday to life in prison without parole for raping a girl and killing her mother after cutting off his ankle monitor and carjacking them last year.Two blasts hit Kenya\u0027s capital on Friday, killing 10 people and injuring 70 more in the latest in a string of increasingly frequent terror attacks. The blasts came the same week the United States and the U.K. issued renewed warnings about possible terror attacks in Kenya, leading to a bristling…An Indiana man was sentenced on Friday to eight years of home detention after being convicted of raping his wife when she was asleep and likely drugged, prosecutors said. A jury found David Wise, 52, of Indianapolis, guilty on April 30 of six felonies - one count of rape and five counts of deviate…Duncanville High School in Texas was the scene of a mass uprising Wednesday after 170 students were sent home for violating the dress code and an additional unknown number were given in-school suspensions.By Matt Spetalnick WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China\u0027s \"provocative\" actions in maritime disputes with its neighbors are straining ties with the United States, raising questions over how the world\u0027s two biggest economies can work together, a senior U.S. official said. The strong comments from Washington…If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.Fans everywhere recently rejoiced when they found out Carrie Fisher and the gang all signed on for the new \\\"Star Wars\\\" movie. Fisher stepped out Wednesday at an auction event in California, showing a 35-pound weight loss in preparing to play Princess Leia again in \\\"Episode VII.\\\" Fisher\u0027s mother…CAMDEN, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey woman was buried alive in a shallow grave by her landscaper after he offered to drive her to buy a new car, police said Thursday as he and another man were arraigned on murder charges.Passenger Says Plane Plummeted to Avoid Mid-Air CollisionA Sheriff’s Department Captain is calling a theft that occurred recently in Williamson, Illinois, one of the most pathetic and disheartening he’s ever seen.Allegedly Fooled School and Caregiver Into Thinking She Was a TeenA team managed to rescue the creature from a tragic death.Get Paid 20/hour to drive your own car! We connect you with riders, and you work when you want to. Click here to learn more.WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republican leaders intervened Friday to prevent a vote on U.S. immigration legislation, dealing a severe blow to election-year efforts to overhaul the widely denigrated system.By Kelly Twedell Fayetteville, North Carolina (Reuters) - The remains of former U.S. Army combat medic, Kelli Bordeaux, were found Wednesday morning in a wooded area about four miles from the North Carolina bar where she was last seen alive more than two years ago. Nicholas Michael Holbert, 27, who…Treehouses aren\u0027t just a matter of nailing some two-by-fours to a trunk and putting a piece of plywood at the neck of the branches. Treehouse designer Pete Nelson just released a comprehensive source of inspiration and practical information about treehouse design and construction, a book called Be…ST. LOUIS (AP) — Michael Sam and the rest of the St. Louis Rams rookies were on the field for the second straight day in what the team referred to as a skill development period.DEAR ABBY: When my husband and I go to visit my mother (in another city) every other month or so, my brother and his wife insist on coming over to see us while we\u0027re there. Our visits usually last two or three days. Many times when they come over, my sister-in-law will start doing her exercise…LAS VEGAS (AP) — A Las Vegas Strip dancer testified Wednesday that he made multiple 911 calls, but police didn\u0027t take seriously his complaints that he was being harassed and sometimes attacked by the ex-girlfriend he\u0027s charged with killing and dismembering in December 2010.Whether you\u0027re overweight, suffer from sleep apnea or just snore more than normal, there\u0027s a simple, non-surgical solution that may change your life.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistFri, May 16If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedArkansas high court halts gay marriagesShut your \u0027deathtrap\u0027: GM probe reveals banned words listDestructive force of \u0027firenadoes\u0027 can even surprise expertsNightmarish looking deep sea fish washes up on NC shore\u0027Boyfriend\u0027 of Accused 34-Year-Old High School Sophomore: \u0027I Was Shocked\u0027Rich Dad Stock Success San Francisco AreaBeyoncé Breaks Her Silence on the Elevator IncidentNY man who raped girl, killed mom gets life termTwo blasts hit Kenya\u0027s capital (15 photos)Indiana man gets 8 years home detention for rape of sleeping wifeTexas high school sends 170 students home for violating the dress codeU.S. warns China its actions in sea disputes are straining relationsA Simple Way to Pay Off Mortgage\u0027Star Wars\u0027 Star Carrie Fisher Shows Off 35-Pound Weight LossPolice: Missing New Jersey woman was buried alivePassenger Describes Moment Plane Plunged Hundreds of Feet to Avoid Collision‘Good Samaritan’ does a very bad thingWoman, 31, Accused of Posing as High School Student for 7 MonthsAwesome humpback whale rescue caught on camera (with video)Drive part-time, full-time, or anytime with Uber!Republican leaders to block US immigration measureRemains of missing Fort Bragg medic found; suspect arrestedNot just nails and 2X4\u0027s: Pete Nelson\u0027s elevating tree houses (11 photos)Sam, Rams rookies on field for 2nd dayEXERCISE FLOOR SHOW DETRACTS FROM VISITS WITH RELATIVESDefendant called 911 repeatedly about slain dancerWhy Snoring Can Kill - and How to Stop ItComicsA Simple Way to Pay Off MortgageFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":4,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
