{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Violent protests broke out at a Mobil gas station in Berkeley, Mo., where an officer fatally shot an armed man who pointed a handgun at him, police said. Four people were arrested for assaulting police officers and at least two officers were treated for injuries.If you\u0027ve never been to a foreign country, be sure to educate yourself before going. Many of the customs abroad are very different than those . . .The United States dismissed Wednesday a claim by the Islamic State jihadist group that it had shot down a Jordanian F-16 fighter flying with US-led coalition forces, which crashed in eastern Syria. \"Evidence clearly indicates that ISIL did not down the aircraft as the terrorist organization is…Saudi Arabia has given a \"final warning\" to avoid delays on an $8.2 billion high-speed rail project which Spanish and Saudi firms are helping to build. The Haramain High Speed Rail system is to transport Muslim pilgrims, as well as regular travellers, 450 kilometres (280 miles) between the holy…When the Internet in North Korea crashed this week for nearly 10 hours, it\u0027s unlikely that many of the reclusive nation\u0027s millions of residents noticed.That\u0027s because so few North Koreans have access to the Internet, and when they do, they see a very different online world than what most other…HARDAN, Iraq (AP) — After he fled from this tiny northern Iraqi hamlet four months ago, Hayder Khalef got panicked phone calls from his relatives who had remained behind. They were at that moment being led by Islamic State group gunmen toward a checkpoint on the edge of town.The gift of free gift wrapping. Find the perfect gift from Nest.Talk to any avid gamer these days and they’ll tell you about Lizard Squad.Protesters took to the streets of New York City on Tuesday night, despite appeals from Mayor Bill de Blasio for a few days of silence after a mentally ill man shot and killed two NYPD officers. On the morning of Dec. 26, 2004, a magnitude-9.1 earthquake tore open a vast stretch of sea bed off Indonesia\u0027s Sumatra coast. It displaced billions of tons of water, sending waves roaring across the Indian Ocean, in some places at jetliner speeds. It killed about 230,000 people in 14 countries.…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Kobe Bryant wasn\u0027t anywhere in sight when the Los Angeles Lakers pulled off one of the most stunning upsets of the NBA season so far.Here are some other practical uses for rubber bands you may find helpful in everyday life.Two New York police officers were ambushed Saturday by Ismaaiyl Brinsley after he had made threatening posts online, including a vow to put \"wings on pigs\" and references to high-profile cases of white police officers killing unarmed black men. After shooting the officers, Brinsley ran into a…The former US Navy Seal who claims to be the soldier who fired the shots that killed Osama Bin Laden is being investigated for possibly leaking classified information, the US military confirmed. US Navy spokesman Ryan Perry said investigators were probing claims that Rob O\u0027Neill had broken the law…Prosecutors were baffled and outraged Wednesday over a Brooklyn judge`s decision to free a gang member who allegedly posted online threats against cops.The first Western journalist to spend time with ISIS since the launch of U.S. airstrikes in August says he has spent time with upwards of 14 Americans -- including one from New Jersey -- during the 10 days he spent inside the group\u0027s self-styled “Caliphate.\"In an interview with ABC News, German…Were you able to spot these mistakes in some of Hollywood\u0027s biggest movies?A 14-year-old Nigerian girl who was arrested with explosives strapped to her body told journalists Wednesday that her parents volunteered her to take part in a suicide attack. The girl, who was identified as Zahra\u0027u Babangida, was arrested in Kano on December 10 following a double suicide bombing…By David DeKok HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - An aerial search for the embalmed body of a woman whose head was recovered this month along a lonely rural road was due to begin on Tuesday, police in western Pennsylvania said. Police in the borough of Economy, 22 miles northwest of Pittsburgh, said they…Born without hearing, Patrick Otema has spent his life in silence. Israel launched an air strike in southern Gaza on Wednesday and killed a Hamas militant after a sniper attack on a patrol seriously wounded a soldier, the army and medics said. It was only the second time Israel had struck Gaza since a 50-day war ended with a truce on August 26, after witnesses…From pregnancies to drugs to bad public behavior, here’s a list of eight celebrities who were fired from hit TV shows.BEIJING (AP) — Hong Kong action film star Jackie Chan said he feels shame for his son, who has been indicted by Beijing prosecutors on a drug charge and could be jailed for up to three years.By Ian Simpson and Eric M. Johnson (Reuters) - A white policeman shot dead a black man brandishing a gun at a suburban St. Louis gasoline station overnight, police said on Wednesday, igniting violence reminiscent of riots over the police killing of an unarmed black teenager in nearby Ferguson.…Greenland\u0027s disappearing ice shifted gears in the past decade, switching from shrinking glaciers to surface melting, researchers reported here last week at the American Geophysical Union\u0027s annual meeting. Instead of losing ice where massive glaciers meet the sea, Greenland now sends meltwater…Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officer? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayCommon on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerObama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuObama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuNews11:07Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerYahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric talks to Common about his recent appearance at a protest on the steps of New York City Hall to support a list of demands that included the immediate firing of Officer Daniel Pantaleo who was involved in the chokehold death of Eric Garner.20:41Obama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuU.S. President Barack Obama and his family go hiking in Oahu while on vacation in Hawaii. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).30:56George H.W. Bush Taken to HospitalA family spokesman said,former President George H.W. Bush was admitted to a Houston hospital Tuesday evening after experiencing a shortness of breath. According to spokesman Jim McGrath, Bush, 90, was taken by ambulance to Houston Methodist Hospital as a \u0026quot;precaution.\u0026quot; McGrath said in a statement, He \u0026quot;will be held for observation, again as a precaution.\u0026quot; Bush spent nearly two months in the same hospital and was discharged in January 2013 after treatment for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues. The White House said President Barack Obama, who is vacationing in Hawaii, has been notified about Bush\u0026#39;s hospital admission.40:46Japan, Wary of North Korea, Works to Secure Infrastructure After Sony AttackOfficials said, Japan, fearing it could be a soft target for possible North Korean cyberattacks in the escalating row over the Sony Pictures hack, has begun working to ensure basic infrastructure is safe and to formulate its diplomatic response. The hacking of the U.S. unit of Tokyo-based Sony Corp has been seen in Japan largely as an American problem, but the officials said the government is now moving actively to confront the issue after President Barack Obama blamed North Korea and vowed to respond \u0026quot;in a place and time and manner that we choose.\u0026quot;50:49As U.S. Troops Return to Iraq, More Private Contractors FollowA senior U.S. official said, the U.S. government is preparing to boost the number of private contractors in Iraq as part of President Barack Obama\u0026#39;s growing effort to beat back Islamic State militants threatening the Baghdad government. The official said, how many contractors will deploy to Iraq - beyond the roughly 1,800 now working there for the U.S. State Department - will depend in part on how widely dispersed U.S. troops advising Iraqi security forces are, and how far they are from U.S. diplomatic facilities.64:09Stephen Colbert: Your Backstage Pass to the FinaleKatie Couric was at the finale of “The Colbert Report” last night and captured some backstage footage. Her video and blog are now LIVE.71:57UNMIL Announce Fourth Case of EbolaThe United Nations \u003ca href\u003d\"http://unmil.unmissions.org/Default.aspx?tabid\u003d3934\u0026ctl\u003dDetails\u0026mid\u003d9464\u0026ItemID\u003d6444195\u0026language\u003den-US\" target\u003d\"_blank\"\u003eannounced on December 24\u003c/a\u003e that a staff member of the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) tested positive for Ebola the previous day, bringing the total number of staff infected to four.This footage shows Stéphane Dujarric, Spokesman for the United Nations Secretary-General, commenting on UNMIL’s announcement. The Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Karin Landgren, also released a statement on December 24 saying, “Our thoughts are very much with the staff member and their family.” Landgren also said, “Liberians can be proud of the progress they have made against Ebola since October…UNMIL’s commitment to Liberia remains steadfast.” Credit: United Nations81:17\"The Interview\" streams online ahead of theatrical releaseThe latest celebrity news including Sony Pictures makes its controversial comedy, \u0026quot;The Interview,\u0026quot; available on Wednesday (December 24) for online streaming on Google, YouTube, among other online video platforms. John Russell reports.90:58U.S. troops mark Christmas Eve at Bagram AirbaseU.S. troops from the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force celebrate Christmas Eve with prayers and hymns at Bagram Airfield, north of Kabul. Justin Mitchell reports100:58U.S. troops mark Christmas Eve at Bagram AirbaseU.S. troops from the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force celebrate Christmas Eve with prayers and hymns at Bagram Airfield, north of Kabul. Justin Mitchell reportsKatie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentWed, Dec 24","h1":"",".title":"Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerCommon on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerComics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsPotential Ebola Exposure At CDC LabA glance at key police shootings in St. Louis areaIslamic State makes big captureProtesters set off explosives, throw bricks after police officer shoots, kills 18-year-old in Missouri8 Foreign Cultural Norms That Americans Find GrossJordan jet was not shot down by IS group: US militarySaudi issues \u0027final warning\u0027 on high-speed rail projectHere\u0027s What the Internet Looks Like in North KoreaGrisly finds in Iraqi Yazidi village wrested from militantsNest Learning ThermostatThis is Lizard Squad, the nebulous hacker group now tied to the Sony hackWatch the Inspiring Reality Check Eric Garner\u0027s Daughter Gave on the Slain NYPD OfficersThen and now: Devastating Indian Ocean tsunami, 10 years laterLakers stun Warriors 115-105 without Kobe21 Uses For Rubber Bands You Never Thought OfKey developments in case of 2 slain NYPD officersUS Navy investigating soldier who claimed to have shot Bin LadenJudge Releases Gang Member Accused Of Threatening Cops OnlineISIS: Western Journalist Embedded With Group Says He Came Into Contact With Americans15 Mistakes in Famous MoviesNigerian girl, 14, recounts would-be suicide bombingPennsylvania police find head on rural road, seeking body to matchWhen a deaf 15-year-old boy finally learns to speak, what does he say?Israel strikes Gaza, killing militant after soldier shot8 Actors Who Were Fired While FilmingJackie Chan expresses shame over son\u0027s drug chargePolice officer kills armed black man near Ferguson, MissouriGreenland\u0027s Ice Loss Now Comes from SurfaceComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":6,"second":52},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
