{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.China will show off its new aircraft carrier to US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel on Monday, allowing the Pentagon chief a first-hand look at a symbol of the country\u0027s growing military prowess. Hagel will kick off a three-day tour of China with a visit to the carrier at Yuchi naval base in Qingdao,…One of the stars of \"The Blind Side\" says he\u0027s determined to lose weight after he was booted from a US Airways flight for taking up too much room.Do you deserve more success with your business? Learn how to take your business to the next level. Join us at our free event in San Francisco 4/15-16.RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (AP) — LPGA Tour Commissioner Mike Whan weighed in Friday on Golf Digest\u0027s provocative cover featuring Paulina Gretzky.DEAR ABBY: I have been married to my wonderful husband for 10 years. My father-in-law, \"John,\" has always been a man of extremely few words with me. He mostly just ignores me when I\u0027m around. I have mentioned it to my husband and mother-in-law over the years, and they say he\u0027s just \"weird.\"Last…In Dearborn, Mich., home to over 40,000 Americans of Arab descent, some Muslim parents have complained about flyers handed out at public schools advertising an Easter egg hunt at a local Presbyterian church. The Muslim parents assert that the flyers – emblazoned with the word “Eggstravaganza!” –…Brazilian Federal troops have taken control of security operations in Rio\u0027s Mare slums complex to help quell a surge in violent crime following attacks by drug traffickers on police posts in three slums on the north side of the city, government officials said. Less than three months before Rio…By PAULA FARIS Every now and then a story hits home for me. This particular “Nightline” assignment did just that. The woman who has gained notoriety in some quarters as the  my-abs-are-better-than-yours “Fit Mom” flew from her home in Sacramento to Kansas City, Mo., to...KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Crowds of pro-Russian demonstrators stormed government buildings Sunday in several major cities in eastern Ukraine, where secessionist sentiment has sparked frequent protests since Ukraine\u0027s Russia-friendly president was ousted in February.Work out your brain with scientific brain games.Kathleen Wiederman is not staunchly against vaccines. At first, she and her husband agreed on the matter, but when their marriage ended, he pushed for their daughter to get some of her recommended vaccines and Wiederman relented. Now her daughter is five and has had a handful of shots, including…COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — When \"Big\" Sam Parker was elected sheriff of Chesterfield County in South Carolina in 2002, he wanted to make good on his promise to help the place where he lived his life.The end credit scene of ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier’ introduces the new Avengers the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver. Here’s everything you need to know about them.BERLIN (AP) — Michael Guhle met the love of his life on the beach of a little fishing village in Vietnam. Thi An Nguyen was selling freshly cooked mussels and fruit to the German tourist and they immediately clicked. Soon the Berlin nursing home worker was saving up all of his money and vacation…A controversial selfie with President Barack Obama taken by David Ortiz during a visit to the White House by the Boston Red Sox last week may be the last, senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer said on Sunday.Millions of Afghans defied Taliban threats and rain Saturday, underscoring their enormous expectations from an election that comes as the country\u0027s wobbly government prepares to face down a ferocious insurgency largely on its own. With combat forces from the U.S.-led coalition winding down a…What card offers up to 5% cash back? And which one offers 24/7 concierge service? See the best credit cards of 2014. Apply online, quickly \u0026 securely.By Peter Cooney WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jeb Bush, a potential Republican presidential candidate in 2016, said on Sunday that illegal immigrants who come to the United States to provide for their families are not committing a felony but an \"act of love.\" In comments at odds with the views of many in…People clinging to Microsoft\u0027s aging Windows XP operating system will be left to fend off cyber criminals by themselves come Tuesday. On April 8, the US software colossus will stop patching newly found security holes in Windows XP code that hackers could exploit to slip into computers. Despite…Ahead of the release of a Senate Intelligence Committee report that is expected to say the CIA misled the government and the American people about its interrogation techniques, Nancy Pelosi is placing the blame squarely on the former vice president.PERTH, Australia (AP) — Three separate but fleeting sounds from deep in the Indian Ocean offered new hope Sunday in the hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines jet, as officials rushed to determine whether they were signals from the plane\u0027s black boxes before their beacons fall silent.ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — NCAA officials and Kentucky coach John Calipari at least agree on something: The one-and-done rule in college basketball needs to be revised.Police officers walk pass a building that is vandalized by Buddhist mob in Hlekuu, north of Yangon Myanmar and an Afghan woman sits near a voting booth after voting at a polling station in Kabul are some of the photos of the day. (AP/Reuters) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries…The fastest growing floor-care brand in the UK (according to GFK) is now in the US. The AirRam is light, cordless and powerful.Sun, Apr 6","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedSearch moved to area where signals detectedNASA training humanoid robot to perform surgeryOrtiz-Obama selfie sparks White House controversyChina shows off new aircraft carrier to US defence chief\u0027Blind Side\u0027 Star Plans Weight Loss After Booted From FlightAttn: San Francisco Business Owners/EntrepreneursLPGA Tour boss \u0027disappointed\u0027 with Golf DigestWIFE IS HURT OVER BEING IGNORED BY HUSBAND\u0027S DADNow Muslim parents are complaining about flyers for Easter egg huntsBattling Rio\u0027s Gangs (16 photos)Having \u0027Fit Mom\u0027 Come Face-to-Face With Her AdversariesPro-Russians storm Ukraine government buildingsBrain Training GamesIn US, vaccine denial goes mainstreamSC sheriff\u0027s trial has colleagues watchingMeet the Secret ‘Avengers’Married couples separated by German language testOrtiz-Obama selfie may be \u0027end of all selfies\u0027 at White House, senior adviser saysDefying Taliban threats, Afghans vote in droves (13 photos)Revealed: 2014\u0027s Best Credit CardsJeb Bush says illegal immigration often \u0027an act of love\u0027Windows XP diehards to fend off hackers on their ownPelosi: Cheney \u0027proud\u0027 CIA misledMore ships rush to probe signals in plane searchNCAA officials adamantly opposed to one-and-donePhotos of the day - April 5, 2014 (16 photos)Is This the Best Vacuum Cleaner Ever?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":30,"second":55},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
