{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Engineers in the Everglades stumbled upon a near-record-breaking Burmese python measuring more than 18 feet long during a routine inspection of levees on Tuesday, a water management district spokesman said. The snake, measuring at 18 feet 2 inches, fell short of the state record by 6 inches,…DEAR ABBY: After a two-year relationship ended, I got pregnant on the rebound. I called my ex and told him I was having a baby with another man because I wanted to hurt him. Apparently it worked -- at least that\u0027s what his best friend told me. Now that a few months have passed, I ran into him and…Ride in style without breaking the bank! Our experts have picked the best cars that prove you really can have it all with luxury and affordability!On the heels of President Barack Obama\u0027s comments that marijuana is no more dangerous than alcohol, his deputy drug czar has reluctantly agreed.The Miranda warning comes from one of the biggest legal cases of the 1960s--and thanks to countless arrest scenes in TV and movies, it\u0027s one of the best-known applications of the Fifth Amendment. But what you don’t know about Miranda could be more significant than you think.Beyond its big presence in Best Buy stores across the country, Samsung also has a few showrooms of its own scattered about. One such location was visited recently by Kontra, an anonymous “veteran design and management surgeon” who is well-known by Apple bloggers and enthusiasts. Kontra has been…US Secretary of State John Kerry admitted Wednesday that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was making gains on the ground, but he denied US policy in Syria was failing. \"It\u0027s fair to say that Assad has improved his position a little bit, yes. \"The policy in Syria is just very challenging and very…Philippine President Benigno Aquino has warned China\u0027s efforts to claim disputed territories are like Nazi Germany\u0027s before World War II, drawing a fierce Chinese response on Wednesday branding him ignorant and amateurish. In an interview with the New York Times, Aquino called for world leaders…SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A Utah school district that came under fire for taking away $2 school lunches from some 40 students whose parents owed money on food accounts are vowing to make systemic changes to ensure it never happens again.Iranian President Hassan Rouhani faced harsh criticism from conservatives Wednesday over what they say is a poorly implemented scheme to distribute food to low-income families in the sanctions-hit Islamic republic. Both the diplomatic push and the social programme are aimed at alleviating the…New York police arrest four people thought to be involved with selling heroin to the late Philip Seymour Hoffman. Linda So reports.A cafeteria worker is facing a criminal charge after she allegedly threatened to purchase an AK-47 and lay waste to the middle school where she works over a batch of cookies gone wrong. Wendy Ferris made the threat — and others — on Friday at King Philip Middle School in the suburbs of Boston,…Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - Pacific castaway Jose Salvador Alvarenga was preparing on Wednesday for a faster and more comfortable journey home after 13 months adrift in a small fishing boat, as his mother called his rescue \"a divine miracle\". Officials in the Marshall Islands said Alvarenga…A dispute over a $1.6 billion cost overrun in the Panama Canal\u0027s expansion took a new twist Wednesday after a Spanish company leading the project denied it halted work over the spat. The Panama Canal Authority said the consortium led by Spanish builder Sacyr had halted work after negotiations…Officially, national signing day allows high school football players to start signing a letter of intent with the college of their choice.For teaching us that falling only makes us stronger. For giving us the encouragement to try again. Thank you, mom.A mystery barge being built by Google on a pier at a former Navy base in the San Francisco Bay may be told to cast off. It turns out that officials running the base while it is in the process of being turned over to the city of San Francisco don\u0027t have permits for the Internet titan or anyone else…BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — An audio recording from the control tower at Birmingham\u0027s airport shows workers were trying to reopen the main runway when a UPS cargo jet crashed while trying to land on an alternate runway, killing two pilots.More than 1,400 people received free flu shots at Kaiser Permanente Point West Medical Offices on Tuesday afternoon.ISLA MUJERES, Mexico (AP) — A half-hour ferry ride from the nonstop party that is Cancun sits an island seductively named Isla Mujeres, or Island of Women.Morelia (Mexico) (AFP) - Mexico\u0027s President Enrique Pena Nieto announced plans Tuesday to spend $3.4 billion to build roads, schools and other infrastructure to shore up a troubled state where vigilantes have battled a drug cartel. Pena Nieto said the massive project, which includes hospitals,…The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas. That\u0027s compared to an average of…Wed, Feb 5","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Olympic flights get toothpaste bomb warningFire breaks out at underground nuclear repository in N.M.3 arrested in stun-gun theft of 300-year-old Stradivarius18-foot Burmese python found in Florida EvergladesWoman On The Rebound Wants Back In Ex\u0027s Court10 Best Luxury Cars Under $40,000U.S. deputy drug czar says pot is less dangerous than alcoholCommon misunderstandings about Miranda warningsHere’s what happens when a huge Apple fan visits a Samsung Galaxy storeSyria\u0027s Assad making gains, Kerry admitsPhilippine leader likens China\u0027s rulers to HitlerUtah district explains why $2 lunches were takenIran\u0027s Rouhani faces backlash over food handout schemeArrests in connection with heroin found in actor Philip Seymour Hoffman\u0027s apartmentLunch lady threatens to shoot up middle school over batch of cookies gone wrongPacific castaway prepares to go homePanama says canal work suspended, company denies5 Things to Know: College Football Signing DayP\u0026G - Pick Them Back UpGoogle mystery barge may be homelessAirport tried to open runway before UPS jet crashMassive Lines for Flu Shots During Unusually Serious SeasonIsla Mujeres, Mexico: Near Cancun but a world awayMexico to spend millions in violence-plagued state10 Most Expensive Public Schools for In-State StudentsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":17,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
