{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Davos (Switzerland) (AFP) - Iran on Thursday stepped up attempts to normalise its relations with the West with a Davos charm offensive that was immediately attacked by Israel as a confidence trick. On a visit to the Swiss resort aimed at enticing international investors back to Iran, President…US pop music stars Jennifer Lopez and Pitbull will join Brazilian singer Claudia Leitte on the official World Cup anthem \"We Are One,\" FIFA announced in Rio on Thursday. \"Only music and football can attract 80,000 people to a stadium, but a concert has just one artist, while football has 22,\" said…Get Unlimited streaming for only $7.99/month. Start your free month of streaming now.An extremely elusive creature called a bay cat has been photographed in stunning detail in its native Borneo in Southeast Asia. The bay cat, or Pardofelis badia, is a mysterious little wildcat that lives only on the island of Borneo, which includes the countries of Malaysia, Brunei and Indonesia. …DEAR ABBY: I am 36. My husband is 60. We have been together for 10 years. During the first four years we got along great, but he now says he wants to have affairs. He texts women and tries to hide it from me. I found out he was texting his first ex-wife. It made me uncomfortable, so I asked him to…DALLAS (AP) — The pregnant, brain-dead Texas woman being kept on life support over her family\u0027s protests is carrying a fetus that is \"distinctly abnormal,\" attorneys for the woman\u0027s husband said Wednesday.Davos (Switzerland) (AFP) - Japan on Wednesday told the world it must stand up to an increasingly assertive China or risk a regional conflict with catastrophic economic consequences. In a landmark speech to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe issued what amounted…The pot business is booming in Colorado , and the owners of one of the state’s largest marijuana dispensaries have big plans: to become the \"Costco of weed.\" According to the Denver Post\u0027s Cannabist , members of the Williams family, who own Medicine Man in northeast Denver, are embarking on a $2.6…LOS ANGELES (AP) — The New Madrid fault zone in the nation\u0027s midsection is active and could spawn future large earthquakes, scientists reported Thursday.In its first major update since 2007, the full-size Toyota Tundra pickup truck is redesigned with a bold, American-style exterior, a refined, quieter interior and standard backup camera and Bluetooth phone and audio connectivity.KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) — A doctor behaved strangely and erratically with colleagues and others in the hours before her disappearance, southwestern Michigan authorities said Wednesday, adding that it\u0027s a complicating factor in a month-and-a-half-old case with few clues.In particular, Huckabee said his party should stress that it doesn’t believe women are “helpless and hopeless creatures” whose only desire is for government-provided birth control. Here’s the full quote: “And if the Democrats want to insult the women of America by making them believe that they are…Lyle Denniston says the question of the correct constitutional standard about same-sex marriage is going to reach the Supreme Court in a way that can no longer be avoidedThe South African government has ordered the removal of a rabbit that was secretly sculpted into a recently unveiled statue of Nelson Mandela, an official said Wednesday. \"We want to restore the integrity of the sculpture as soon as possible,\" Mogomotsi Mogodiri, spokesman for the ministry of arts…MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — When Li Na talks about not tripping up as being the key to converting her third Australian Open final appearance into a major title, she means it literally.Did you know public records are online for anyone to see? Search anyone now to view bankruptcies, marriage and divorce records, addresses, and more.A big fuss was made over HP’s recent declaration that Windows 7 computers were “back by popular demand.” Why? Because Windows 8?s reception has been beyond disappointing to PC makers and industry watchers alike. HP moving back to Windows 7 would be yet another sign that computer buyers want nothing…A fire raged at a biodiesel complex after an explosion that was felt miles away in northern Mississippi on Wednesday, a county sheriff dispatcher said, and while there were no reports of injuries, it was unclear whether all workers were accounted for. (REUTERS) Find more news related pictures in…Gov\u0027t to Nissan: No, Frontier pickup really can\u0027t do that, and you shouldn\u0027t suggest it can        Iraq hanged 11 people convicted of terrorist offences on Thursday, the justice ministry said, pursuing what a U.N. official has criticized as a \"conveyor-belt of executions\". All those executed were Iraqi nationals, justice ministry spokesman Haider al-Saadi said in a text message to Reuters,…The Fusion DS and Fusion Terminal appear to combat Nintendo\u0027s Wii U woes with their powerful specifications, but a few key anomalies prevent the hype train from going full steam ahead. The Fusion Terminal, on the other hand, would be based on AMD\u0027s RX 200 line of graphics chips, running on an IBM…The market for superfast, super-luxury off roaders is set to become increasingly crowded as the Italian supercar maker\u0027s decision follows a similar move from Bentley. Initially revealed as a little more than a head-turning concept at the 2012 Beijing Motor Show, the Urus looks like a Lamborghini…Thu, Jan 23","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedKerry: Assad\u0027s a \u0027super-magnet\u0027 for terrorMassive highway pileup kills at least 2 in IndianaGallery: Paintings come to lifeIran and Israel cross swords at DavosJ.Lo, Pitbull, Claudia Leitte to sing official World Cup anthemWatch TV Shows and Movies On Your Favorite DeviceRare Borneo Bay Cat Captured in Stunning PhotoHusband Enlists Hemingway In Campaign To Have An AffairAttorneys: Brain-dead woman\u0027s fetus \u0027abnormal\u0027Japan tells world to stand up to China or face consequences\u0027Medicine Man\u0027 marijuana dispensary in Denver, CO (6 photos)Study: New Madrid fault zone alive and activeToyota\u0027s Tundra pickup updated for 2014Sheriff: Doctor \u0027erratic\u0027 before disappearanceHuckabee says Democrats believe women can\u0027t control their libidos. Huh?Constitution Check: Has the Supreme Court already settled the fate of gay marriage bans?S.Africa orders removal of rabbit from Mandela statue\u0027s earLi Na, Cibulkova to meet in Australian Open finalHow You Can See Anyone\u0027s Public Record In SecondsWant a new PC but hate Windows 8? Here’s where you can go to find Windows 7 machinesBiodiesel plant explosion in Mississippi (7 photos)Nissan Settles With Gov\u0027t Over Deceptive Pickup AdIraq hangs 11 convicted of terrorismNintendo console rumor befuddles expertsLamborghini confirms its Urus SUV is going into productionComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":42,"second":4},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
