{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Siva Govindasamy and Tim Hepher KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Whether by accident or design, whoever reached across the dimly lit cockpit of a Malaysia Airlines jet and clicked off a transponder to make Flight MH370 vanish from controllers\u0027 radars flew into a navigational and technical black hole.…She Says She was Forced to Decide Between Her ChildrenIf you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.By Lidia Kelly MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Kremlin-backed journalist issued a stark warning to the United States about Moscow\u0027s nuclear capabilities on Sunday as the White House threatened sanctions over Crimea\u0027s referendum on union with Russia. \"Russia is the only country in the world that is…DEAR ABBY: My 11-year-old daughter, \"Gwen,\" just started middle school. She makes good grades, but she\u0027s strong-willed. Do kids grow up instantly when they start middle school? She wants to know if she can have a boyfriend. I told her not until she\u0027s 15. Now she\u0027s flirting with girls who ask her…Johran McCormick, 17, was shot and killed after the father of a girl he knew discovered him in his daughter\u0027s bedroomPHUKET, Thailand (AP) — When a German tourist refused to surrender his passport as collateral at a car rental stand along a popular beach in the Thai resort city of Phuket, the woman behind the counter pulled out a bag full of passport books to prove he could trust her.KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Ignoring the toughest sanctions against Moscow since the end of the Cold War, Russian President Vladimir Putin recognized Ukraine\u0027s Crimean Peninsula as an \"independent and sovereign country\" on Monday, a bold challenge to Washington that escalates one of Europe\u0027s worst…Here is the latest in the never-ending litany of frighteningly stupid Common Core math worksheets. This one comes from the father of a kindergarten student in the Research Triangle area of North Carolina. “I have a Ph.D., and I have no idea what is supposed to be done with this homework…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2014 credit card offers and find your best offer.Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s Mom Nod to Each Other in CourtKUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — When someone at the controls calmly said the last words heard from the missing Malaysian jetliner, one of the Boeing 777\u0027s communications systems had already been disabled, authorities said, adding to suspicions that one or both of the pilots were involved in the…More than 260 unwanted children, most of them babies, have been abandoned in a Chinese \"safe haven\" in just over six weeks -- more than five a day -- since it opened in late January, authorities said. The \"baby hatch\" in Guangzhou, in the southern province of Guangdong, was suspended on Sunday…China warned the Philippines on Monday to abandon a disputed shoal in the South China Sea after Manila said it planned to challenge a Chinese naval blockade of the area by sending supplies to its troops stationed there. Last week, a senior Philippines military official said his country would send…Two-time NBA champion Lamar Odom\u0027s foray into European basketball has been cut short due to a back injury, his Spanish club said Sunday. Laboral Kutxa Baskonia said Odom\u0027s personal doctors in New York have ruled him unfit to play for two months, meaning \"his present contract with the club has…Couple Who Rented Woman\u0027s Home Already in CustodyThe ultimate skin tightening remedy that is helping every day women achieve younger looking skin without spending money on surgery or injections.A Delta Airlines plane had a lucky escape after part of its wing broke off during a flight from Florida to Georgia.NEW YORK (AP) — Kiss and Def Leppard are joining forces for a summer tour.NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — If it isn\u0027t fermented in Tennessee from mash of at least 51 percent corn, aged in new charred oak barrels, filtered through maple charcoal and bottled at a minimum of 80 proof, it isn\u0027t Tennessee whiskey. So says a year-old law that resembles almost to the letter the process…By Ulf Laessing and Feras Bosalum TRIPOLI (Reuters) - U.S. special forces have seized a tanker that fled with a cargo of oil from a Libyan port controlled by anti-government rebels, halting their attempt to sell crude on the global market. Gunmen demanding regional autonomy and a share of oil…PHOENIX (AP) — A dog that mauled a 4-year-old Phoenix boy has received thousands of pleas for mercy through a Facebook campaign ahead of a court hearing to decide his fate.Tofino (Canada) (AFP) - From a basket hoisted on the back of his trawler, fisherman Freddy Gutmann proudly picks up a giant geoduck clam fresh from the frigid waters off the northwestern Canadian coast. \"This one is a great specimen,\" Gutmann says as sea water gushes from the massive mollusk that…The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.Mon, Mar 17","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedU.S. ship pulled off search for missing jetStudy to test \u0027chocolate\u0027 pills for heart healthPhotos: NYC St. Patrick\u0027s Day ParadePlanning could hold key to disappearance of Flight MH370Fla. Woman Says Church of Scientology Ripped Her Family ApartHomeowners Get a Bailout This YearRussia can turn U.S. to radioactive ash: Kremlin-backed journalistMom Worries About 11-Year-Old Daughter Who Acts Grown UpEmotional farewell to Spring studentMissing plane throws spotlight on passport theftPutin recognizes Crimean independenceBizarro Common Core kindergarten math homework stumps DAD WITH Ph.D.Credit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 MonthsOscar Pistorius Went into \u0027Combat Mode\u0027 Over Washing Machine NoiseFinal words from jet came after systems shutdownFive babies a day left at Chinese city\u0027s \u0027baby hatch\u0027China warns Philippine against \u0027occupation\u0027 of disputed shoalInjury ends former Lakers star Odom\u0027s European stintThird Person Arrested in Aspen Socialite Killing74-Year-Old Outsmarts Doctors. Saves on Facelift.PART OF PLANE\u0027S WING FALLS OFFKiss, Def Leppard pair up for summer tourJack Daniel\u0027s opposes changing Tenn. whiskey lawU.S. forces seize tanker carrying oil from Libya rebel portCampaign to save dog in Arizona maulingCanadian fishermen strike Asian gold with geoduck clamsAnti-Aging Creams of 2014ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":8,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
