{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Money Faker Made Virtually Perfect $20 Bills, Free After Only 45 Days in JailAn open phone line captured a confrontation between a California woman and her boyfriend, a fire official, which may have been the woman\u0027s last moments before she was killed, the Sacramento Bee reported on Friday. Police have been searching for 55-year-old firefighter Orville \\\"Moe\\\" Fleming since…Get safe and effective joint relief. Results in 5 days, guaranteed!The U.S. government has been trying for decades—and burning through billions—to replace Marine One, the president’s helicopters. Will it finally get it right this time?A Florida man shot his wife and two teenage children in the head, then scattered gasoline and fireworks around the mansion they rented before setting the home ablaze and killing himself, deputies said.Jeff Chiarelli went from a 60 inch waist to a 42 inch waist, losing 155 pounds in 10 months!A Fremont, California, family plans to file a lawsuit against their nine-year-old son’s teacher, who slapped the boy twice during class.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m 16 and I need help. I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend, \"Bailey,\" for six months and things are complicated. She\u0027s very insecure, and it\u0027s hard to keep her happy for any extended period of time. I have thought about breaking up with her because I want her to be happy,…A small town Texas police officer responding to an emergency call about a female with a gun has been suspended for shooting dead a 93-year-old woman in her home, authorities said on Thursday. Hearne police officer Stephen Stem fatally shot Pearlie Golden, who was brandishing a firearm, the…Did you know that your record is online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.A ruling by an Australian magistrate has awarded former janitor and current fast food worker/student, Chamindu Amarsinghe A$81,597 (over US$76,000) nearly three years after he found a huge amount of money in a sanitary bin in an office bathroom he was cleaning.Several US lawmakers criticized China Friday for its \\\"deeply troubling\\\" actions in disputed areas of the South China Sea, and urged passage of legislation that seeks peaceful solutions to rising maritime tensions. Communist neighbors China and Vietnam have seen tensions soar since Beijing…Jen Selter has turned photos of her sculpted derriere into a moneymaking career. But copycats, don\u0027t get your hopes up. It\u0027s unlikely this level of belfie success will happen again.DETROIT (AP) — The parents of a Michigan elementary school student who was videotaped while stuck in a classroom chair \"have no recourse\" but to sue now that the school district has decided not to follow through on its plan to fire the boy\u0027s teacher, their lawyer said Friday.Two evangelical Christians who were supposed to host a new real estate show on HGTV have been ousted from the cable channel, after a website revealed that one of the men had made extensive comments condemning homosexuality. Twin brothers David and Jason Benham were set to host the HGTV show \\\"Flip…WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton are in Oxford, England, this weekend to attend the graduation ceremonies of their daughter, Chelsea.Every dealer has a secret price. Compare the best prices on 2014 models in your area. Don\u0027t pay MSRP! Find the lowest price on a Mazda today!It’s not often you see a fisherman cutting a fish free, but that’s exactly what one New Zealand man did after a baby humpback whale became trapped in cray pot lines off the coast of Australia. Fisherman Joe Brogan, 42, grabbed his knife and jumped...BRUSSELS (AP) — Russia\u0027s ongoing confrontation with the West has ignited debate inside and outside the U.S.-led NATO alliance about what its responsibilities are, and how much of its time and effort should be spent to prepare for and if necessary counter Russian President Vladimir Putin\u0027s military…By Barbara Liston ORLANDO (Reuters) - The four people found dead in a burned-out Tampa mansion earlier this week were killed in a murder-suicide, the Hillsborough County Sheriff\u0027s Office said on Friday. Darrin Campbell, 50, who rented the house with his family, shot his wife and two teenage…Photographer Max Ellis has become an internet star - after posting wacky photos of squirrels in hilarious situations, from being sent flying through the air in fear by a Buckaroo to lifting weights. Max places his self-made creations in his garden in Teddington, London, and then painstakingly waits…TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A Tampa woman on trial in the slaying of her two teenage children while her Army officer husband was overseas yelled, \"Liar!\" at a psychiatrist who was testifying Friday that he had told her not to drink while taking drugs to control her bipolar disorder.A man from Weslaco, Texas was driving with his parents Tuesday afternoon over the Donna-Rio Bravo International Bridge across the United States-Mexico border, when he was stopped for what he thought was a routine check.Initial rates as low as 2.75% (2.78% APR) on 5/1 ARM. See if you can get a great rate and start saving money today.Sat, May 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedSupport for kidnapped girls continues to growKatie Couric: The international effort to #BringBackOurGirlsRubio: Democrats threaten American dreamMaster Currency Counterfeiter Prints Millions, Says ‘Screw You’ to USPhone caught California woman\u0027s words before she was killed: reportTired of Joint Problems?Obama’s $20 Billion ChopperMan Killed Wife and Kids, Set Home Ablaze, Deputies SayWeight loss tips from man who dropped 155 lbs. in 10 monthsTeacher Slaps 9-Year-Old Boy, Then Slaps Him AGAINTEENAGER\u0027S LOW SELF-ESTEEM DRAGS HER BOYFRIEND DOWN, TOOTexas police officer shoots dead 93-year-old womanNew Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordHonest janitor awarded over $76k after finding huge stash of money in a toiletUS senators: China sea actions \u0027deeply troubling\u0027There’s Only One Butt Selfie QueenLawyer: Parents blindsided by deal with teacher\u0027Duck Dynasty\u0027 II? Brothers lose HGTV show after antigay comments publicizedChelsea Clinton to receive doctorate from OxfordHow Far Below MSRP Can You Buy a 2014 Mazda?Fisherman Saves Baby Whale Tangled in RopeNATO, facing assertive Russia, ponders what to doFamily found dead in Tampa mansion killed in murder-suicide: policeCurious squirrels make for hilarious photos (12 photos)Fla. mom lashes out during trial for killing teensA seemingly innocent Texas license plate got a man stopped by Mexican soldiers at the borderMortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.78% APR)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":46,"second":24},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
