{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"As House Republicans prepare to sell out the country on immigration this week, Phyllis Schlafly has produced a stunning report on how immigration is changing the country. Citing surveys from the Pew Research Center, the Pew Hispanic Center, Gallup, NBC News, Harris polling, the Annenberg Policy…DEAR ABBY: I have been with my husband for 19 years. I offered his plumbing services to a married couple I work with. While he was fixing the problem, he became friendly with their adult daughter. She was lonely and I knew the family, so I wasn\u0027t concerned. Their relationship developed into…Did you know that your pubic record is online for anyone to see? Search anyone and you can see marriages, bankruptcies, licenses, and more.By Richard Cowan and Thomas Ferraro WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Congress responded in competing voices on Tuesday to President Barack Obama\u0027s annual State of the Union address as various wings of the party vied to advance their prescriptions for the country\u0027s best way forward. …By Bill Cotterell TALLAHASSEE (Reuters) - Excavations at a makeshift graveyard near a now-closed reform school in the Florida Panhandle have yielded remains of 55 bodies, almost twice the number official records say are there, the University of South Florida announced on Tuesday. \"This is…The newly appointed chairman of Japan’s public broadcasting system apparently thinks so. In the latest in a string of revisionist statements by conservative leaders in Japan, Katsuto Momii said the “comfort women” system, in which women were coerced into serving in brothels for Japanese soldiers…ST. LOUIS (AP) — Lawyers for a convicted murderer were making final pleas for his life on Tuesday, just hours before his scheduled execution in Missouri.As the first human cases of H7N9 bird flu infection outside of China begin to emerge—in Taiwan and Hong Kong—health officials around the world are preparing for a potentially perfect storm for a massive flu outbreak. On Thursday, billions of Chinese will be on the move to celebrate the Lunar New…A report from British lawmakers say the Queen`s got just 1 million pounds left in financial reserves after the royal household spent 2.3 million pounds over its budget last year.Former Atlanta Braves star Chipper Jones became the MVP  when he rode to the rescue of an ex-teammate who was among thousands stuck on iced over Atlanta highways Tuesday night. Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman was among the thousands of people stranded when the rare...SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Seventeen rural communities in drought-stricken California are in danger of running out of water within four months, according to a list compiled by state officials.A Texas teenager’s skydiving trip to celebrate her 16th birthday turned nearly fatal when her parachute failed to open and she spun 3,500 feet to the ground. Mackenzie Wethington, 16, traveled from her home in Joshua, Texas, to Chickasha, Okla., with her father, Joe Wethington,...Passengers described hellish conditions onboard a cruise ship where hundreds of passengers fell ill, but some are praising the cruise line.The lesbian daughter of a Hong Kong tycoon, who offered more than $100 million to find her a male suitor, has issued a heartfelt open letter urging him to accept her sexuality. In the letter, which starts \"Dear Daddy\", socialite Gigi Chao asked her father Cecil to treat her partner Sean Eav as \"a…WASHINGTON (AP) — It seems to be something of an occupational hazard for President Barack Obama: When he talks about his health care law, he\u0027s bound to hit a fact bump sooner or later.If you are currently insured, have no DUI\u0027s, and drive less than 50 miles per day, you are paying too much for auto insurance.Well, this one’s horrifying.It started out like dozens of other interviews after Tuesday night’s State of the Union address. But when a reporter decided to press Rep. Michael Grimm on his personal campaign finances, the Republican congressman abruptly ended the interview with a violent threat.Few parts of the job searching process cause job seekers more anxiety than discussions about salary: How much money should you ask for? Of course, employers who inquire into salary history generally claim that they need to know what you\u0027ve earned in the past because it helps them figure out how…Passengers recall days of misery as cruise ship arrives home to NJ after nearly 700 sickened        This seaside town in southern Thailand has seen an explosion in tourism recently, and airlines are taking note. Listed among the New York Times\u0027 \"52 Places to Go in 2014,\" the coastal town has been flooded with visitors lately, according to the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT). The TAT Krabi…BANGUI, Central African Republic (AP) — The French patrol in two armored personnel carriers showed up just as the bystanders started pulling out their mobile phones to photograph what moments ago had been a human being.Wed, Jan 29","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedStudy: One\u0027s \u0027weight fate\u0027 may be set by age 5Defense team hails ruling on secret spy court documentsInside Josef Stalin\u0027s summer villa in SochiGOP CRAFTS PLAN TO WRECK THE COUNTRY, LOSE VOTERSHusband\u0027s Plumbing Help Results In Leaky MarriageHow You Can See Anyone\u0027s Public Record in SecondsRepublicans respond and respond to Obama State of UnionRemains of 55 bodies found near former Florida reform schoolU.S. Rejects Japanese Broadcaster’s Claim It Used ‘Comfort Women’ in World War IIPending execution \u0027terrifies\u0027 inmate, lawyer saysBird Flu Isn’t Just China’s Problem AnymoreQueen Elizabeth down to last million dollarsHow Chipper Jones Saved Atlanta Braves Star From Epic Snowstorm Traffic Jam17 California communities running out of waterTeen\u0027s Parachute Fails to Open on First SkydivePassengers Describe Conditions on Bug-Stricken Cruise ShipGay daughter of HK tycoon makes heartfelt plea to dadFACT CHECK: Obama and Medicare premiumsBad News For Insurance Agents, Good For CaliforniaMan adopted cats only so he could serve them as dinner\u0027I will break you in half\u0027: Congressman threatens to throw reporter off balcony during interviewHow to Respond to Employer Requests for Your Salary HistorySick Cruise Ship Passengers Were \u0027Throwing Up in Buckets\u0027Krabi poised to become one of Thailand\u0027s hottest destinationsFrench struggle to stop C. African Republic mobsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":7,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
