{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Chanetrice Carter, a server at the Glen Allen, Virginia IHOP was overjoyed when she received a huge $200 tip, but she never thought it would lead to her termination.A cosmic mystery is uniting monks and scientists in Japan after a cherry tree grown from a seed that orbited the Earth for eight months bloomed years earlier than expected -- and with very surprising flowers. The four-year-old sapling -- grown from a cherry stone that spent time aboard the…No DUI? Drive less than 100 miles a day? You qualify for the lowest possible insurance rates offered in the U.S. Compare up to 4 quotes in minutes.A woman in Brazil was being interviewed on camera about the high crime rate in the center of Rio de Janeiro when a young thief snatched her necklace.Representative Jim Moran’s efforts to get more money for his fellow congressional members is over, but not before Moran got an earful from some taxpayers.DEAR ABBY: My wife and I were discussing our sons-in-law, and young men in their 20s and 30s in general. We were wondering where the attitude of \"any money I earn is mine\" in a marriage or live-in situation got started. For the first few years of my daughter and her husband \"Joe\u0027s\" marriage, Joe…A 16-year-old transgender girl was transferred from a juvenile facility to an adult prison on Tuesday after a violent outburst in January—despite never having been convicted of a crime. The unnamed Connecticut teen has been in state custody, under the Department of Children and Family, since age…In 24 hours, the search area went from 18,000 square miles to 36 square miles all thanks to one piece of Aussie equipment.Reaction after Father of Famous Michigan Sextuplets Unexpectedly DiesThe retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.Just months ago it was his mother\u0027s fashion choices that sparked a buying frenzy -- but with just one pair of mini-dungarees Prince George appears to have stolen her fashion limelight. When the eight-month-old future king crawled about in a playgroup in Wellington, New Zealand, on Tuesday for what…By Lacey Johnson GEORGETOWN, Delaware (Reuters) - A prominent Delaware pediatrician and best-selling author who punished his 11-year-old stepdaughter using a form of waterboarding was sentenced to three years in prison on Friday. A jury found Dr. Melvin Morse, who has written about near-death…The U.S.S. George Washington, one of the Navy\u0027s 11 aircraft carriers, needs money for fuel. It takes several years to refuel an aircraft carrier, at a cost of more than $1 billion. At a time when NATO, the Pentagon is shrinking its budget, part of President Obama\u0027s . Congress insists that the Navy…One careless text message ended up costing a Buffalo, NY-area man $53,000, Buffalo News reported earlier this week. Louis J. Billittier Jr. dumped his fiancee with a terse text message, breaking off the engagement. Apparently trying to calm down the situation, he then sent a fateful text: “Plus you…By Peter Apps LONDON (Reuters) - NATO says tens of thousands of Russian troops are massed on the border with Ukraine for a potential invasion, yet Western states still lack a strategy to stop Moscow from intervening in its former Soviet neighbors. With military action to protect non-NATO states…43-year-old William McCormack only found out after requiring another appendectomy this year.Build, fight, scavenge, and survive against infected and humans alike in this multiplayer action strategy RPG.WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama paid $98,169 in taxes on $481,098 in adjusted income last year, tax returns the White House released Friday show. They paid an effective federal income tax rate of 20.4 percent and donated significantly less to charity than they did the…Greek and Turkish Cypriots have lived estranged for decades. A power-sharing government crumbled soon after independence from Britain in 1960 and the island has been divided since a Greek Cypriot coup was followed by a Turkish invasion of the north in 1974. Four decades on, a United…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Julia Louis-Dreyfus better hope her latest tattoo is a temporary one.Russia\u0027s Foreign Ministry is warning that Russians should refrain from traveling abroad because they could be entrapped by US secret services who are actively \"hunting\" for Russians to persecute in punishment for Moscow\u0027s recent annexation of Crimea, according to an official notice published on the…KOSTOLAC, Serbia (AP) — Serbian archaeologists on Friday used heavy machinery to move a female mammoth skeleton — believed to be one million years old — from an open mine pit where it was unearthed nearly five years ago.Some longtime Windows XP users are having a hard time letting go of the operating system that has served them so well over the years, but The Register has discovered a way to keep Windows XP alive even if you’ve upgraded to Windows 8 or higher. Basically, The Register says you should start by…If you are currently insured, have no DUI\u0027s, and drive less than 50 miles per day, you are paying too much for auto insurance.Fri, Apr 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedDreams dashed in fatal Calif. crashObama: Our right to vote is under threatRare T.rex sets off on road trip to SmithsonianIHOP server says customer’s $200 tip got her fired\u0027Cherry tree from space\u0027 mystery baffles Japan2014 - Get Even With Your Auto Insurance Company!Woman is mugged during on-camera interview about crimeCongressman cussed out after pay raise requestSTATE OF MODERN MARRIAGE MIRRORS DISPOSABLE SOCIETYWhy Is a Trans Teen Being Sent to Prison If She Hasn\u0027t Been Convicted of a Crime?The Ship That Saved MH370 SearchFather of Famous Michigan Sextuplets Unexpectedly DiesAnti-Aging Creams of 2014Move over, Mum: Prince George is new fashion iconPediatrician gets prison for \u0027waterboarding\u0027 stepdaughterObama\u0027s military budget mistakeHow a careless text message cost one man $53,000West struggles as Russia moves to dominate old USSRMan sues hospital and doctor after they allegedly forgot to remove his appendix during his appendectomyBuild Your Base and Defend Against the Zombies!Obamas pay $98,169 in taxes on income of $481,098Frozen In Time - The Cyprus Buffer Zone (1 photos)Rolling Stone flubs Constitution tattoo on coverRussians warned if they go abroad, US might snatch themSerbia experts use heavy machinery to move mammothHow to keep Windows XP alive by running it through Windows 8Bad News for Insurance Agents, Good for CaliforniaComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":45,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
