{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Cecilio Cruz is charged with second-degree murder and manslaughter. Police in the city of Cottonwood, about 100 miles north of Phoenix, said Cruz fatally shot 17-year-old Marisol Gonzalez in the face on March 25, 1997. Cruz, 34, long had been suspected in Gonzalez\u0027s death, Cottonwood police Sgt.…One simple brand decision scored untold millions for Kim.A Texas woman convicted of the starvation and torture death of her girlfriend\u0027s 9-year-old son a decade ago was executed Wednesday evening. Lisa Coleman, 38, received a lethal injection about an hour after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a last-day appeal to spare her.By David Minsky LAFAYETTE La. (Reuters) - For six months, Catherine Cortez believed that her 30-year-old son, who died in March after a scuffle with police in Louisiana, had succumbed to brain damage from chronic cocaine use. Earlier this month, she was horrified to learn from an 11-page state…A South Carolina father who authorities said killed his five children believed the kids \"were going to kill him, chop him up and feed him to the dogs,\" according to an unredacted arrest warrant released Wednesday. Authorities said Timothy Ray Jones Jr. killed his children at his Lexington home, put…Two tropical storms cause floods, heavy rain, school closures and emergency rescues. Millions of Americans bracing for historic floods across the southwest doing what they look at this this woman building the fortress of sandbags around her home in Arizona and here\u0027s why. Rain pummeling Benson…Polish and Israeli Holocaust researchers say they have discovered the exact location of the building that housed gas chambers at Sobibor, one of the death camps operated by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland. Israel\u0027s Yad Vashem and the Majdanek State Museum in Poland, which oversees Sobibor,…The Ferguson, Missouri police officer whose fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager has ignited weeks of protests testified Tuesday before a St. Louis grand jury hearing evidence in the case, according to a report in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Darren Wilson, who has been in hiding since the…Every dealer has a secret price. Compare the best clearance prices in your area. Don\u0027t pay MSRP! Find the lowest possible price on a Mazda today!Slow moving glops of toxic algae in the northeast Gulf of Mexico are killing sea turtles, sharks and fish, and threatening the waters and beaches that fuel the region\u0027s economy. Known as \"red tide,\" this particular strain called Karenia brevis is present nearly every year off Florida, but large…A Hong Kong tycoon has placed the biggest ever order for Rolls-Royce cars, agreeing to buy 30 Phantoms to chauffeur guests at a luxury resort he\u0027s building in the global gambling capital of Macau. Stephen Hung\u0027s $20 million purchase surpasses the 14 Phantoms bought by Hong Kong\u0027s Peninsula Hotel in…Thailand\u0027s military ruler on Wednesday questioned whether tourists in bikinis are safe in the kingdom, in comments following the murder of two Britons whose battered bodies were found on a Thai island. David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were found dead on the southern island of Koh Tao on…By Brendan O\u0027Brien (Reuters) - A woman convicted of the 2004 starving death of a 9-year-old boy was executed on Wednesday by lethal injection at a Texas state prison, authorities said. Lisa Ann Coleman, 38, was pronounced dead at 6:24 p.m. CDT at the state\u0027s death chamber in Huntsville, said Robert…Cardinals\u0027 Dwyer arrested on assault charges PHOENIX (AP) — Arizona Cardinals running back Jonathan Dwyer was arrested Wednesday on aggravated assault charges in connection with two altercations at his home in July involving a woman and their 18-month-old child, the latest in a string of such cases…Three Massachusetts residents charged with hindering the investigation into the disappearance and death of a 5-year-old boy have been arraigned in Superior Court. Christian Sierra, Ashley Cormier and Caily Thibault pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of perjury and intimidating a witness.…Ellen DeGeneres is not only a comedian and talk show host, she\u0027s also a trailblazer and advocate for gay rights. Here are a few other things to know!It\u0027s especially galling to see someone in broad daylight toss a piece of trash on the ground. Apparently, this occurrence happens often enough in Russia that one GoPro-toting citizen decided to become a vigilante, of sorts. In a video shot using her helmet cam, a woman on a motorcycle rides around…Tycoon\u0027s arrest sends shock wave through Russia MOSCOW (AP) — The arrest of a Russian telecoms and oil tycoon has sent shock waves through the country\u0027s business community, with some fearing a return to the dark days of a decade ago, when the Kremlin asserted its power by imprisoning the country\u0027s…The days may be getting shorter and the nights colder, but for politicians dreaming of a long shot presidential campaign, spring is here already. It’s the season of hope, new beginnings, and first visits to early primary states for this crowd, and one of the first out of the gate is former Maryland…A suspect was airlifted to the hospital after being shot as federal agents served a search warrant at a home in Sugar LandIn the tiny seaside town of Yacahts, Oregon, Buck Henderson is ready to die. Diagnosed with terminal prostate cancer, the 55-year-old spends his days practicing on his electronic drum set, fussing with his cat, Tiger Balm, and smoking pot to keep his appetite up.A 16-year-old boy charged with stabbing 20 students and a security guard at his western Pennsylvania high school was granted a furlough to attend a funeral home visitation for his grandmother. The order signed by a Westmoreland County judge allowed Alex Hribal, of Murrysville, to attend the…This country superstar is known for her fiery anthems and lovelorn ballads, but did you know she\u0027s also a committed philanthropist and entrepreneur?Cell phone video shows police arresting 22-year-old street vendor Jonathan Daza Sunday night at the close of the 5th Avenue Street Festival in Sunset Park.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistThu, Sep 18","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsU.K.\u0027s fate hangs on a divided ScotlandSenate approves Obama plan to arm, train Syrian rebels8 killed in attack on Guinea Ebola education teamTV show helps spur arrest in 1997 Arizona killingKim Kardashian to Make $100 MILLION From This…Texas executes woman for starvation of boy, 9Mother surprised to learn son killed by Louisiana policeWarrant: SC dad feared 5 slain kids would kill himRecord Rain Slams the SouthwestResearchers locate site of gas chambers in PolandCop who killed Missouri teen testifies before grand jury: newspaperHow Far Below MSRP You Can Buy A Mazda?Red tide off northwest Florida could hit economyTycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royces for Macau hotelThai PM questions if \u0027tourists in bikinis\u0027 safe after murdersTexas executes woman convicted of starving nine-year-oldCardinals\u0027 Dwyer arrested on assault charges3 arraigned in disappearance of Mass. boy10 Ellen DeGeneres Facts That You Should KnowVigilante on Motorcycle Throws Trash Back in Litterbugs\u0027 FaceTycoon\u0027s arrest sends shock wave through RussiaThe GOP’s 2016 Dark Horse: This Guy?!Law enforcement shoot man while serving warrantAre Routine Scans Causing Cancer?High school stabbing suspect gets funeral furlough10 Things You Need to Know About Miranda LambertStreet vendor says he was beaten by police in BrooklynComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":9,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
