{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — There was no fist-pumping or wild celebrations by the polygamous family that stars in the TLC reality TV show \"Sister Wives\" when a federal judge in Utah struck down key parts of the state\u0027s polygamy laws.An Indian diplomat at the centre of a bitter row with the United States told Sunday of her \"immense stress\" at leaving behind her young family in New York, and vowed to clear her name. Indian consulate official Devyani Khobragade was allowed to leave the United States on Friday after a month-long…Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.Boy, 14, Dies Tackling Suicide Bomber Entering His SchoolThe Westboro Baptist Church announced on its website that it planned to protest outside four Glendale churches Sunday morning. Kareen Wynter reports from Glendale for the KTLA 5 Morning News on Sunday, Jan. 12, 2014.BOISE, Idaho (AP) — When Dellon Smith spotted the wreckage of his older brother\u0027s airplane on the side of a central Idaho mountain, he started running.JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Having failed in an earlier effort to bar federal agents from enforcing gun regulations in Missouri, conservative lawmakers are trying a new tack this year: banding together with other like-minded states to defy certain federal laws at the same time.ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Walter White\u0027s lawyer is returning to Albuquerque.DEAR ABBY: My husband and I are a young couple, married almost two years. He recently told me he isn\u0027t happy with me anymore and that he may want to leave. He won\u0027t tell me why. He says he doesn\u0027t know why. It was a complete shock to me. He refuses to seek marriage counseling and has dealt with a…Melinda, Charlie Coleman Say Teen Remains HospitalizedBy Philip Pullella VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis baptized 32 babies in the Sistine Chapel on Sunday and told their mothers, including one who was married in a civil service rather than in church, to have no qualms about breast-feeding them there. Unlike his predecessors, who usually…By Joan Biskupic WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When a prominent U.S. appeals court last year slashed President Obama\u0027s power to appoint government officials, many legal experts said the Supreme Court would be unlikely to let that surprising decision stand. In its January 2013 ruling involving \"recess…By Kiyoshi Takenaka NARASHINO, Japan (Reuters) - Japan on Sunday joined the United States in criticising China\u0027s new fishing restrictions in the South China Sea, saying the curbs, coupled with the launch last year of an air defence zone, has left the international community jittery. Defence…Marble scores 22, White 19, No. 20 Iowa dominates down stretch to beat No. 3 Ohio State, 84-74        Bangui (Central African Republic) (AFP) - Rival militiamen struck a truce Sunday and hugged each other in a neighbourhood of the Central African Republic\u0027s capital on the eve of consultations aimed at replacing the president who resigned under international pressure. \"I\u0027m telling you, it feels…Save big on New Balance shoes. Awesome selection and deals. Compare low prices, popular styles and more - fast!The Italian navy rescued more than 400 migrants from two boats south of Sicily on Saturday and Sunday as the immigration crisis that killed hundreds in shipwrecks last year continued. On Saturday afternoon, 236 men, women and children, mostly from Africa, were rescued and were being taken to a…DURBAN, South Africa (AP) — South African Louis Oosthuizen birdied his closing two holes to retain the Volvo Champions title on Sunday after an earlier eagle on the eighth.A fire that raged for nearly 10 hours Saturday razed an ancient Tibetan town in southwest China that\u0027s popular with tourists, burning down hundreds of buildings as fire engines were unable to get onto the narrow streets, state media and witnesses said. There was no immediate report of…UK car maker Jaguar Land Rover reports record sales in 2013, with strong demand from Asia        By Jon Herskovitz AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Legend has it that the long arm of Texas law once extended to hotel balconies where the men with star badges would take into custody anyone who violated a state statute forbidding people to hunt buffalo from such a perch. The legend ends at the…A huge blaze that ripped through the centre of an ancient Tibetan town in the popular Chinese tourist area of Shangri-La has destroyed almost 300 buildings, state media said Sunday. The fire in Gyalthang -- which is situated in an area believed to be the inspiration for James Hilton\u0027s mythical…Sun, Jan 12","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Republicans defend Christie on \u0027bridgegate\u0027Obamacare may get sick if young Americans don\u0027t sign upIran, world powers reach deal opening nuke program\u0027Sister Wives\u0027 family humbled by polygamy rulingIndian diplomat tells of anguish at leaving US without childrenIf You Pay For Car Insurance - Read ThisTeen Dies Saving Classmates From Suicide BomberWestboro Baptist Church Protests Outside Glendale ChurchesBrother describes finding sibling\u0027s plane wreckageLawmakers plot new strategy for defying gun lawsAMC announces premiere for \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027Young Mom Must Keep Her Wits As Husband Considers LeavingMaryville Teen Daisy Coleman\u0027s Mother, Brother Reveal Her Reaction to Accused Rapist\u0027s Misdemeanor PleaBreastfeed babies if you want, pope tells mothers in Sistine ChapelAnalysis: Weighing power among branches, U.S. court could tip against presidentJapan condemns China fishing curbs; vows to defend islandsMarble\u0027s 22 Lift No. 20 Iowa Past No. 3 OSU, 84-74Hugs, truce offer glimmer of hope for C. AfricaWant Awesome New Balance Shoes for Less?Italy rescues more than 400 migrants in 24 hoursOosthuizen wins Volvo ChampionsFire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China (9 photos)Jaguar Land Rover Reports Record Car Sales in 2013Myth-busting librarians debunk rumors about Texas\u0027 Wild West laws300 houses destroyed in \u0027Shangri-La\u0027 Tibet village: reportComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":11,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
