{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.PARIS (AP) — U.S. Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has told people treating him at an American military medical facility in Germany that he was tortured, beaten and held in a cage by his Taliban captors in Afghanistan after he tried to escape, a senior U.S. official said Sunday.The incident happened this week at Woodland Park Middle School in the San Diego, Calif. suburb of San Marcos, reports local ABC affiliate KGTV. Some of the labeled signs were innocuous, according to KGTV. “The parents sign permission slips for the class and can look at the curriculum prior,” the…Earn a living (or make extra cash) just for helping people get around, and we\u0027re looking for people like you to apply. Click here to get started!LOS ANGELES (AP) — For years, Fred Goldman was adamant that he would never rest until he had held O.J. Simpson accountable for the killings of his son and Simpson\u0027s ex-wife 20 years ago — even if a jury had acquitted the former football star.SAN ANTONIO (AP) — The San Antonio Spurs and Miami Heat expect more comfortable conditions, and better overall play, in Game 2 of the NBA Finals.US actor and comedian Tracy Morgan was in critical condition Saturday after a fatal six-vehicle accident early in the morning in New Jersey, his representative told AFP. \"Tracy remains in critical condition at Robert Wood Johnson Hospital. He sustained these injuries in an accident that occurred…WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama is prepping new executive steps to help Americans struggling to pay off their student debt, and throwing his support behind Senate Democratic legislation with a similar goal but potentially a much more profound impact.NEW YORK (AP) — California Chrome went home to the West Coast on Sunday with a bandaged right front foot — and no Triple Crown — after bumping another horse leaving the Belmont Stakes starting gate.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m having problems with my boyfriend, \"Adam,\" and I feel stuck. He recently was accepted to graduate school, and we\u0027re planning to move there. We haven\u0027t lived together before, and I\u0027m not sure I\u0027m doing the right thing. I will be working and paying for everything, and Adam will be just…Medicare supplement insurance plans insured by UnitedHealthcare Ins Co.For the first three rounds of the playoffs, LeBron James ran roughshod over the competition, barging through defences like child\u0027s play and picking up field goals like they were on sale at bargain prices. So the Miami Heat was shocked when the two-time reigning NBA finals Most Valuable Player was…Pope Francis waded head-first into Mideast peace-making Sunday, welcoming the Israeli and Palestinian presidents to the Vatican for an evening of peace prayers just weeks after the last round of U.S.-sponsored negotiations collapsed. Israeli President Shimon Peres and Palestinian President Mahmoud…NEW YORK (AP) — In a box-office battle that pitted young against old, female against male, modest drama against big-budget spectacle, the teenage romance \"The Fault in Our Stars\" easily bested the time-shifting Tom Cruise action film \"Edge of Tomorrow.\"By Isaac Abrak and Lanre Ola ABUJA/MAIDUGURI Nigeria (Reuters) - A female suicide bomber killed herself and a soldier outside an army barracks in Nigeria\u0027s northeastern city of Gombe on Sunday, the military said, as local leaders reported the death count from a string of earlier militant attacks…By Richard Balmforth KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine\u0027s newly-installed President Petro Poroshenko is set to remake a governing team which will handle the crisis with Russia, with talks on gas prices on Monday providing an early test of his new relationship with Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin. Poroshenko\u0027s…WASHINGTON (AP) — With most of this year\u0027s Senate primary elections complete, Democrats talk boldly about their chances in Kentucky and Mississippi, while Republicans gaze hungrily at Oregon and Colorado.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 21 months. Other offers including double miles and 40k points or $100 cash!NEW YORK (AP) — Hut ... hut ... home run!An investigation was underway on Sunday after a fight at a house party in Carson ended with one man dead and several others injured, the Los Angeles County Sheriff`s Department said. Erin Myers reports from Carson for the KTLA 5 morning News on Sunday, June 8, 2014.MADRID (AP) — Spain\u0027s King Juan Carlos presided over his last military parade before abdicating in favor of his son.Heavily armed militants attacked Pakistan\u0027s busiest airport in the southern city of Karachi Sunday night, forcing the suspension of all flights, officials said. Senior police official Rao Muhammad Anwar said the militants were armed with automatic weapons and grenades and were exchanging gunfire…Miguel Cotto battered Sergio Martinez for nine rounds, his technical knockout triumph giving him the World Boxing Council middleweight title to make him Puerto Rico\u0027s first four-division champion. Argentina\u0027s Martinez didn\u0027t answer the bell for the 10th round, and referee Michael Griffin officially…United Nations (United States) (AFP) - The diplomat ridding the world of Syria\u0027s chemical weapons is Sigrid Kaag, a statuesque and impeccably dressed mother of four who speaks six languages and is fearless in a war zone. For nine months she has led the international mission to destroy Damascus\u0027s…The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistSun, Jun 8Earn a living (or make extra cash) just for helping people get around, and we\u0027re looking for people like you to apply. Click here to get started!Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels to find the best deal on your Las Vegas room. Available now on trivago!Requesting a free, no-obligation term life insurance quote through AIG Direct is now faster and easier than ever! Get a quote today!Black Book is an online leader in offering timely, independent \u0026 accurate used car values. Get trade-in value from Black Book \u0026 a new car price quote!Educate yourself! Understand how a reverse mortgage works. Learn more now.","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFeatured3 dead in Las Vegas shootingPakistan\u0027s Karachi airport under attack: officialsPope wades into Mideast peace with prayer summitBergdahl says he was tortured by Taliban captors‘Dating Lesson’ Asks Eighth-Grade Girls To Publicly Declare How Far They Will Go SexuallyDrive with Uber! Get Paid \u0026 Make Your Own Hours.Victim family helped jail O.J., but not for murder5 things to watch in Game 2 of the NBA FinalsUS actor Tracy Morgan critically injured in crashObama to take executive steps on student loansCalifornia Chrome heads home with bandaged footGIRLFRIEND WORRIES SHE WILL BE A CHECKBOOK FOR HER BEAUAARP Health InsuranceJames\u0027s cramps become hot issue, Gatorade apologizesPope peace prayers (18 photos)\u0027Fault\u0027 tops Tom Cruise at box office with $48.2MFemale suicide bomber hits Nigerian barracks: witnessesUkraine\u0027s Poroshenko plans new team to take on Putin, build ties with WestVoting trends undermine parties\u0027 Senate dreamsCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 21 Months.Manziel joins list of QBs drafted by MLB teams1 Dead, 4 Injured After Stabbing, Fight at Carson House PartySpain\u0027s king attends last parade before abdicationPakistan\u0027s Karachi airport under attack: officialsCotto stops Martinez for WBC middleweight titleThe Dutch \u0027Iron Lady\u0027 destroying Syria\u0027s chemicalsAnti-Aging Creams of 2014ComicsDrive with Uber! Get Paid \u0026 Make Your Own Hours.Las Vegas Hotel Deals That Pass Under the Radar$250,000 of Term Life Coverage for $14/moWondering What Your Car is Worth in California?Reverse Mortgage: How it Works (Age 62 Plus)Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":10,"second":11},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
