{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Nicki Minaj, who has recently dropped her colorful and oddball style for a more natural and sophisticated look, says it\u0027s because she\u0027s more comfortable in her skin. Minaj\u0027s new look includes her natural black hair color versus the wild and bright wigs she\u0027s worn that helped establish her name in…Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!Their little bodies shrouded in plastic bags, the five children of Timothy Ray Jones Jr. had been dead for days by the time he led investigators to the spot where they had been dumped among dead trees and scrub brush. The children\u0027s journey to that isolated hilltop in central Alabama covered…Scientists: \u0027Extreme\u0027 solar storm heading to Earth WASHINGTON (AP) — An extreme solar flare is blasting its way to Earth and could mess up some power grids, satellites and radio transmissions, scientists say. It\u0027s been several years since Earth has had a solar storm of this size coming from…Several posh golf courses, including Trump National Golf Club, turned down President Obama’s request to tee off on their links over Labor Day weekend. Though the request was a day or two in advance, the Westchester courses, such as Winged Foot and WillowA 19-year-old Colorado woman became the latest American to admit to attempting to join a Middle East terrorist group, pleading guilty on Wednesday to conspiring to provide support to the Islamic State militants in Syria. The FBI first noticed Shannon Conley when she showed up last fall at a church…By Victoria Cavaliere SEATTLE (Reuters) - Two young girls have died and a boy was hospitalized in critical condition in the Pacific Northwest on Wednesday after becoming infected with E.coli in two separate incidents, health officials said. Investigations have been launched into the source and…9/11: Then and nowYahoo News photographer Gordon Donovan returned this week to the scenes of many memorable images taken on Sept. 11, 2001, closely matching them with images from today. Since 2001, new obstacles have arisen, requiring some adjustments1 simple Warren Buffett quote explains the key investing strategy that could create unimaginable long term wealth for you and your family.Russia will counter military moves by the U.S. At the same time, he emphasized that Russia will not enter a new arms race and will tightly control its military budget to avoid overburdening the economy. Putin accused the West of using the crisis in Ukraine to reinvigorate NATO, warning that Moscow…Seven people, including three 15-year-olds, are accused in a machete attack that left a deep wound on a man\u0027s head after he and his brother refused to flash gang signs at a Chicago train station, authorities said Wednesday. The attack occurred early Monday at the Kedzie Brown Line stop on the…By Tim Ghianni NASHVILLE Tenn. (Reuters) - The partial remains of missing Tennessee student Holly Bobo, a cousin of country music singer Whitney Duncan, have been found in Tennessee more than three years after she disappeared, officials said. A human skull was discovered on Sunday by two men…The US Air Force has told a sergeant he will have to leave the military unless he agrees to take an oath with the phrase \"so help me God,\" officials said Tuesday. In the latest religious controversy to roil the air force, the atheist airman last month was denied his request to re-enlist because of…How to Check If You Were Exposed by Today\u0027s 5 Million Password LeakToday, almost five million email addresses and passwords were posted on Bitcoin Security, a Russian forum. The forum member who posted the various Gmail and Yandex accounts, \"tvskit,\"By Youssri Mohammed ISMAILIA Egypt (Reuters) - Residents in Egypt\u0027s Sinai Peninsula said on Wednesday they found a beheaded corpse bearing a note signed by an Islamist militant group linked to the Syria and Iraq-based Islamic State, accusing the victim of being an Israeli spy. The beheading is the…In the market for a new car? Don\u0027t pay MSRP. Save yourself both time and money. Find a great low price for your new car before you buy.By Therese Apel JACKSON Miss. (Reuters) - The bodies of five children aged between 2 and 8 were found stuffed into garbage bags on Tuesday near a logging road in Alabama after their father confessed to killing them and led police to the scene, authorities said. Timothy Ray Jones, the father of the…A shark killed a 50-year-old swimmer Tuesday at eastern Australia\u0027s popular Byron Bay despite a beachgoer\u0027s brave rescue attempt, police said. Beachgoer Mark Hickey swam 15 to 20 meters (50-65 feet) into the water at Clarkes Beach to retrieve the severely wounded victim, Police Inspector Bobbie…Lawyers for a Utah woman accused of leaving her newborn baby to die in a trash can say her mental state will be a central issue in the case. Alicia Marie Englert, 23, made her first court appearance Wednesday in Salt Lake City with her hands shackled behind her back. A state judge allowed Englert\u0027s…Two Indianapolis police officers who were off duty at a bar drinking shots with a pregnant bartender beat up a patron who began arguing with the woman, an affidavit released Wednesday said. John Serban and Michael Reiger face felony battery charges over the Aug. 7 incident, the Indianapolis…The same day the Utah mother accused of the crime was in court, the newborn she allegedly tossed in her neighbor`s trash has been released from the hospital.A devil-worshiping group hell-bent on hosting a satanic black mass is planning to go ahead with its controversial ceremony this month, despite fervent protests by residents of Oklahoma City and a lawsuit from the Catholic Church. The co-founder of Dakhma of Angra Mainyu told ABC News that the…Hair salons are scrambling to keep you from learning about a new hair care company called eSalon. \"Hairstylists have written us angry letters...\"Thirteen years after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, this was supposed to be a season of relief, with Iraq managing on its own and most U.S. Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr FILE - In this Friday, Oct. 16, 2009 file photo, Maj. Xavier Miller of the New…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistWed, Sep 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsWatch live: Obama\u0027s Islamic State speechHighway shutdown averted at Ferguson protestsToronto Mayor Rob Ford hospitalized with suspected tumorNicki Minaj: Natural look stems from confidenceNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!\u0027Loving\u0027 father now tied to his 5 kids\u0027 deathsScientists: \u0027Extreme\u0027 solar storm heading to EarthTrump Golf Course Tells Obama No He Can’tColorado woman latest American to admit attempt to join Islamist militantsE.coli kills two girls in U.S. Pacific Northwest, boy hospitalized9/11: Then and now (54 photos)The Average Joe\u0027s Guide to Getting RichPutin promises new weapons to fend Western threats7 charged in Chicago gang signs machete attackRemains of Tennessee student found three years after her disappearanceAtheist must swear to God -- or leave US Air ForceHow to Check If You Were Exposed by Today\u0027s 5 Million Password LeakIslamist militants leave signed note on beheaded corpse in Sinai: residentsDid You Know Every New Car Has a Secret Price?Five children aged two to eight found dead in AlabamaShark kills man in Australia despite rescue tryMental state central in case of baby left in trash2 Indianapolis officers charged with bar beatingMother Accused Of Tossing Newborn In Trash Makes First Court AppearanceSatanists to Hold Controversial Black Mass in OklahomaWhy You Should Color your Gray at HomeNo end in sight for America\u0027s Mideast war duties (14 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":35,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
