{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a 27-year-old woman who has never had a boyfriend or been kissed. I was never interested in romance or having a significant other. I felt strong being independent and taking care of myself. Now that I have a degree, a career and a house, I feel ready to try to let a man into my life.…In the spirit of fast-rising white Republicans who say dumb things about race, Mississippi State Sen. Chris McDaniel can now add his name to the list after Mother Jones uncovered a 2006 tape where the Tea Party darling bragged about not wanting to pay slavery reparations and only knowing how to hit…Do you deserve more success with your business? Learn how to take your business to the next level. Join us at our free event in San Francisco 4/15-16.Something that caught a Baton Rouge, Louisiana resident’s eye led to the rescue of an enormous alligator snapping turtle.Matt Gutman reports from the South Africa courtroom where Pistorius says he saw Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s leg in bed before the shooting.It had been a while since we had a new conservative meme, so let\u0027s embrace this one: Conservatives are angry that Attorney General Eric Holder plans to make them wear \"gun tracking bracelets.\" Which, as you might expect, he doesn\u0027t. Before a House subcommittee, Holder explained that while the…A life science teacher at private Evangel Christian Academy School in Shreveport, Louisiana caused a 12-year-old student to sob after allegedly calling her a, ‘sassy slut.’One careless text message ended up costing a Buffalo, NY-area man $53,000, Buffalo News reported earlier this week. Louis J. Billittier Jr. dumped his fiancee with a terse text message, breaking off the engagement. Apparently trying to calm down the situation, he then sent a fateful text: “Plus you…MOSCOW (AP) — Dragging much of Europe into his fight with Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin urged European leaders Thursday to quickly help Ukraine settle its gas debt to Russia to prevent an imminent shutdown of Russian natural gas supplies to the continent.No DUI? Drive less than 100 miles a day? You qualify for the lowest possible insurance rates offered in the U.S. Compare up to 4 quotes in minutes.Aerospace giant Boeing is designing a new type of aircraft capable of taking off, hovering and landing vertically, the company says. Boeing was one of four companies recently selected to receive funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) — the arm of the U.S. Department of…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Julia Louis-Dreyfus better hope her latest tattoo is a temporary one.A look at where things stand in the NBA playoff picture, with seven days remaining in the regular season:PERTH, Australia (AP) — With hopes high that search crews are zeroing in on the missing Malaysian jetliner\u0027s crash site, ships and planes hunting for the aircraft intensified their efforts Thursday after equipment picked up sounds consistent with a plane\u0027s black box in the deep waters of the Indian…By Andrea Shalal WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator John McCain on Wednesday blasted the U.S. Navy\u0027s new Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) program as a \"shameful\" and dangerous waste of taxpayer money, and he urged the Pentagon to cut its planned purchases back by another eight ships to 24 ships. McCain, a…Alisha White, a senior at Pierce High School in Nebraska, was excited about her prom but never thought that a photo session on the big day would result in a soggy ending.Shop for 100% authentic euramerican retro handbags, shoes, and accessories from luxury outlet online,free shipping worldwide.CHICAGO (AP) — A high-ranking member of Mexico\u0027s Sinaloa cartel and son of one of the drug ring\u0027s leaders pleaded guilty to drug trafficking a year ago and has been cooperating with authorities, federal prosecutors in Chicago announced Thursday.WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans rallied behind a slashing budget blueprint on Thursday, passing a non-binding but politically imposing measure that promises a balanced federal ledger in 10 years with sweeping budget cuts and termination of health care coverage under the Affordable Care Act.Instead of getting surgery, an adventurous surfer in Hawaii sought a different approach to treat his eye condition — he dipped his head into the rushing water while surfing a gigantic, 30-foot (10 meters) wave, according to a new report of his case. A band of fibrous tissue growing over the outer…OOPS: Rolling Stone really messed up the new cover. The U.S. Constitution is on Julia Louis-Dreyfus\u0027 back, but there\u0027s one big mistake.Whatever your opinions are on Google Glass, you’ve probably never had the opportunity to pick one up for yourself. The Explorer Program has been closed to the public ever since its inception, but according to The Verge, that might change later this month. A leaked document reveals that Google is…Graciousness is not always high on the list of attributes you find in successful rock \u0027n\u0027 roll stars.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.Thu, Apr 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedHealth secretary Sebelius resigning from postMore than 100 get virus on California cruiseU.S. ambassadors court the world in campaign-style videosMAN IS PATIENT AS INDEPENDENT WOMAN STRUGGLES WITH INTIMACYMississippi Tea Party Darling Bragged About His \u0027Mamacita\u0027 OutreachAttn: San Francisco Business Owners/EntrepreneursEnormous alligator snapping turtle rescued from drainage culvertOscar Pistorius\u0027 Testimony of Shooting Reveals InconsistenciesConservatives Are Furious that Eric Holder Will Make Them Wear Anti-Freedom JewelryTeacher allegedly calls student a ‘sassy slut’ then receives punishment of six day paid suspensionHow a careless text message cost one man $53,000Putin warns Europe about Ukraine gas debt2014 - Get Even With Your Auto Insurance Company!Boeing Going Vertical with \u0027Phantom Swift\u0027 Military X-Plane (Video)Rolling Stone flubs Constitution tattoo on coverA look at the NBA playoff pictureFlight 370 search intensifies after pings heardMcCain blasts Navy\u0027s LCS ship plan; urges cut to 24 vesselsProm photo session a downer after bridge collapse$200Louis Vuiton Bags OutletFeds: Sinaloa cartel member cooperating with USHouse passes Ryan budget with big cutsSurfer Treats His Own Eye Problem with Giant WaveCONSTITUTIONAL SCREW-UPGoogle to allow anyone in the U.S. to buy Glass for one day onlyKiss not the first to tell Rock Hall to kiss offAnti-Aging Creams of 2014ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":37,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
