{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"US jets and drones launched more air strikes in northern Iraq on Thursday to destroy vehicles operated by extremist fighters from the so-called Islamic State, the military said. The latest operations came after President Barack Obama said the air campaign had achieved its initial objectives but…Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine suffered dramatic setbacks Thursday as top military chiefs quit and Ukraine\u0027s forces pummelled their strongholds, cutting off a key rebel-held city from the Russian border. Kiev\u0027s advance came as a massive Russian \"humanitarian\" convoy parked up close to…Former Florida Rep. Allen West declared President Obama an Islamist who is intentionally working against the security of the United States.Protests in the St. Louis suburb rocked by racial unrest since a white police officer shot an unarmed black teenager to death turned violent Wednesday night, with some people lobbing Molotov cocktails and other objects at police who responded with smoke bombs and tear gas to disperse the crowd.…Al Qaeda issued another, more urgent public plea Wednesday to the family of American hostage Warren Weinstein to pressure Washington to negotiate for his release, but his wife told ABC News she feels \"powerless\" to help free him after three years.BRENTWOOD, N.H. (AP) — A man accused of inflicting a \"reign of terror\" on his girlfriend\u0027s 3-year-old son before fleeing to a Florida amusement park was sentenced Thursday to up to 67 years in prison on assault and other charges.CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — There may be itsy-bitsy aliens among us.Save up to 90% off your electricity bills through solar power systems. Find out how much you can save with solar -- free! Takes 1 minute.Apple Stores are perhaps the most respected retail establishments in the world, racking up more revenue per square foot than any other large retail chain on the planet. Of course, not all retail store employees live up to expectations, and one Portland, Oregon Apple retail location now finds itself…Democrats have taken notice of Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.). Operatives from the Democratic National Committee have spent the last two weeks relentlessly attacking the first-term senator as he\u0027s traveled in and out of Iowa, hammering him over everything from scampering away from an undocumented immigrant…ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Searchers scoured a patch of far northern New York on Thursday for two Amish girls who were apparently abducted from their family\u0027s roadside farm stand, a hunt hampered by the lack of photos of the girls for authorities to circulate among a frightened community.By Nick Carey FERGUSON Mo. (Reuters) - Missouri\u0027s governor moved on Thursday to calm days of racially charged protests over the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager, naming an African-American captain of the Highway Patrol to oversee security in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson. Captain Ron…Israel secured supplies of ammunition from the Pentagon last month without the approval of the White House or the State Department, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. President Barack Obama\u0027s administration, caught off guard as it tried to restrain Israel\u0027s campaign in Gaza, has since…PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Minutes after learning a mother had also died from a Philadelphia carjacking crash that killed three of her children, a teen suspect blurted out a lament during a brief court hearing Wednesday.What this site reveals might be the best thing for many homeowners. If you have a mortgage, you better read this now...An artist has slammed junk food culture by creating shocking portraits of models covered in burgers, fries and even ketchup. Some of James Ostrer’s pictures resemble one of Willy Wonka’s nightmares as he uses liquorice for eyes and strawberry bootlaces for hair. In others, the 35-year-old smears…A New Hampshire teenager who was missing for nine months and mysteriously returned home in July \"suffered numerous acts of unspeakable violence\" at the hands of the man authorities charged with kidnapping her, according to a family lawyer. Fifteen-year-old Abigail Hernandez said she was abducted by…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m not much of a drinker. I have nothing against drinking or those who do. I just do not like the taste of alcohol. Worse, I have a very low tolerance for it. After only half a glass of wine, I become so sleepy I can barely keep my eyes open. It makes me feel physically awful. My…A nurse who contracted Ebola at a Lagos hospital travelled to the eastern part of Nigeria before falling sick, raising fears of new infections outside the city, officials said Wednesday. The nurse was infected with the deadly tropical disease while caring for Patrick Sawyer, the Liberian government…Siri is a lot of things to a lot of people, but we don’t think we’ve ever seen it as a potential accomplice to murder before. 9to5Mac has a nice roundup of news surrounding the trial of a Florida man whom prosecutors are alleging murdered his roommate and then asked Siri for some advice on how to…An Arizona math teacher arrived drunk at her high school and hit the bottle again in the classroom, where she yelled at her students before one of the pupils alerted administrators, authorities said on Thursday. Kathleen Jardine, 57, a teacher at Poston Butte High School faces one count of public…After spending so many seasons with these characters, they practically felt like family. And for that, we never really got over the loss. Could you?SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — The father of the driver run over and killed by Tony Stewart told The Syracuse Post-Standard that \"there\u0027s no reason for\" the crash that led to his son\u0027s death.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistThu, Aug 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFed agent acquitted in fast-food shootingMissouri shooting: No leader among DOJ investigatorsStewart sitting out Mich. race after dirt-car deathUS jets strike IS armored vehicles in IraqNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!Rebel forces unravel as Ukraine military cuts off key strongholdAllen West Declares Obama An IslamistFatal shooting of teenager sparks protests (54 photos)Al Qaeda Begs For American Hostage SwapMan gets up to 67 years for beating 3-year-old boySpecks returned from space may be alien visitorsHow Much Can You Save With Home Solar Panels?Apple Store insults customer with awful anti-gay slur printed on receiptDemocrats Give Rand Paul the Beating They Never Cared to Give His Father2 Amish girls abducted from roadside farm standMissouri takes control of security away from Ferguson policeWhite House in the dark over arms supplies to Israel: reportPhilly carjack suspect seeks forgiveness; 4 deadHomeowners Are In For A Big SurpriseFood for thought: An artist\u0027s statement on junk food culture (12 photos)Kidnapped New Hampshire teen suffered \u0027unspeakable violence\u0027: lawyerDRINKING BECOMES A PROBLEM FOR WIFE PRESSURED TO IMBIBENigeria fears Ebola spread to east by infected nurseAlleged idiot killer asked Siri to help him hide his roommate’s corpseArizona math teacher arrives drunk to class and keeps drinking: police13 TV Deaths We Never Got OverReport: Ward\u0027s father says \u0027no reason\u0027 for crashComicsNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":57,"second":28},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
