{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.A Charleston, South Carolina man is speaking out after receiving a $525 ticket following his soda refill at a Veterans Affairs (VA) hospital.Ukraine on Thursday disbanded an army unit that lost six armoured vehicles to pro-Russian militants, as Kiev\u0027s military reeled from a disastrous attempt to oust separatists in its eastern regions. \"The 25th parachute brigade, members of which showed cowardice and gave up their weapons, will be…Midsized SUVs come in many shapes and sizes. There\u0027s 2-row and 3-row seating, 4-wheel drive and more! We\u0027ve found this year\u0027s best options for you!Russian Leader Dissed the 49th State During Annual Question-and-Answer SessionHundreds are still missing after the South Korea ferry accident. The Coast Guard is battling bad weather during the rescue efforts.DEAR ABBY: I am a 34-year-old wife and mother of four. I\u0027m concerned about my husband. He is 44 and drinks at home every evening after work. I don\u0027t mind him having a few cans of beer, but he drinks between six and 12 a day. He refuses to see a doctor for checkups or when he is sick. I am worried…Last week, in a decision that contorted both law and fact, a state judge ruled against an illiterate, intellectually disabled black man named Jerry Hartfield. Hartfield has been imprisoned for more than 33 years — without a valid conviction or sentence authorizing his confinement. In the latest…ST. LOUIS (AP) — After he was convicted of armed robbery in 2000, Cornealious Anderson was sentenced to 13 years behind bars and told to await instructions on when and where to report to prison. But those instructions never came.Derk West of Boonville, Indiana had his car stolen and then did something very generous when he could have just taken it back.NBC will announce a Publishers Clearing House SuperPrize winner soon so be sure to get your free entry at PCH.com today!We can now pinpoint the exact moment when the Obamacare Census Bureau conspiracy theory lost its intellectual credibility on the right. On Wednesday night, Michael R. Strain, a resident scholar at the right-leaning, pro-business, and anti-Obamacare think tank American Enterprise Institute, argued…Lamar Odom\u0027s twisting path from NBA champion with the Lakers to tabloid target along with reality TV star wife Khloe Kardashian has brought him, for now, to the New York Knicks. Knicks President Phil Jackson, who coached Odom on two Los Angeles Lakers title-winning teams in 2009 and 2010, announced…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Astronomers have discovered what they say is the most Earth-like planet yet detected — a distant, rocky world that\u0027s similar in size to our own and exists in the Goldilocks zone where it\u0027s not too hot and not too cold for life.Scores of internally displaced Muslims are at the heart of the humanitarian crisis in Central African Republic, where violence between Christians and Muslims has threatened to spiral into genocide. (Photographs by Goran Tomosavic/REUTERS) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and…By Steve Gutterman and Alessandra Prentice MOSCOW (Reuters) - Edward Snowden, the fugitive former U.S. spy agency contractor who leaked details of U.S. intelligence eavesdropping, asked Russian President Vladimir Putin a question on Thursday during a televised call-in show. The exchange was the…Rare footage has New Jersey residents recollecting memories from a time when summer debauchery was far from limited to just the Jersey Shore.The Cannonball Loop was as talked about by New Jersey residents as the theme park it could be found in. Now, rare footage of the slide has park-goers…Don’t sacrifice style for comfort. With a portfolio of sizes, looks and finishes, get the best of both worlds the Haiku® ceiling fan. Free info kit.Heart-wrenching messages of fear, love and despair, sent by high school students from a sinking South Korean ferry, added extra emotional weight Thursday to a tragedy that has stunned the nation. Nearly 300 people -- most of them students on a high school trip to a holiday island -- are still…By Derek Jensen SALT LAKE CITY (Reuters) - A Utah mother accused of slaying six of her own infant children over the course of a decade secretly gave birth to each of the babies without medical assistance at home and then immediately killed them, police said on Wednesday. Megan Huntsman, 39, was…NEW YORK (AP) — Shaken by the advances of newer, sportier rivals, the Toyota Camry is trying to shed its vanilla reputation.A young man in Brazil who suffered from throbbing headaches and vision problems for 10 years turned out to have stonelike buildups of calcium in his brain.The BBC is reporting that video of Banksy, the elusive street artist, has been captured by surveillance video outside of his latest installation.PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The mix of 38 million gallons of treated water and one teen\u0027s urine has proven unacceptable to Portland officials who plan to flush away the whole lot — the second time in less than three years the city has gone to such lengths to keep its water pure.Work out your brain with scientific brain games.Fri, Apr 18","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedAvalanche sweeps Everest; 6 killed, 9 missingCaptain wasn’t at helm when ferry capsizedObama shows skepticism on Russia in UkraineMan’s soda refill costs him $525 and gets him slapped with a federal chargeUkraine disbands army unit after fiasco push into east10 Best Midsized SUVs for 2014Why Vladimir Putin Needs to Show Alaska Some LoveDEATHS RISE IN FERRY ACCIDENTFATHER OF FOUR IS SELFISH TO PUT HIS HEALTH AT RISKTexas has been holding this man hostage for 12,600 daysArmed robber was never told to report to prisonMan allows 72-year-old who unwittingly bought his stolen car keep itPCH Winner Could Take Home $7,000 a Week for LifeA Conservative Think Tank Shoots Down the Obamacare Census Conspiracy TheoryKnicks ink Odom as season winds downAstronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet\u0027Displaced in C.A.R.\u0027: Victims of sectarian violence in Central African Republic (20 photos)Putin fields question from U.S. fugitive SnowdenRare Video Shows People Riding Infamous New Jersey Looped Water SlideFreshen Up Your Home This Spring!Heartbreaking texts from students on sinking S. Korea ferryPolice say Utah mom gave birth at home before killing infantsToyota Camry gets a top-to-bottom makeoverBrain \u0027Stones\u0027 Found in Man with Celiac DiseaseDid surveillance video catch Banksy on camera?Reservoir to be flushed because of urinating teenLumosity Brain Training GamesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":15,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
