{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Jeff Mason WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Tuesday he would not wait for Congress to pass legislation to advance his policy priorities this year and said he was \"getting close\" to finishing a review of U.S. surveillance practices - to be unveiled on Friday. Obama,…Kingston (Jamaica) (AFP) - The former 100-metre world record holder Asafa Powell told a Jamaican disciplinary hearing that he received several injections from his physical therapist. The 31-year-old Jamaican sprint star said he received \"four injections,\" including vitamin B12, from Christopher…Missing 28-year-old. Last seen in Oakland January 1 at 4:30pm with red sneakers. Brown hair, eyes. Code tattoo. Call 415-999-5911 with any info.DALLAS (AP) — The fate of a brain-dead, pregnant Texas woman and her fetus likely will be decided in a courtroom after the woman\u0027s husband sued the hospital keeping her on life support against his wishes.When doctors examined an X-ray image of the knees of a woman experiencing severe joint pain, they found a gold mine: hundreds of tiny gold acupuncture needles left in her tissue. But when pain relievers and anti-inflammatory drugs didn\u0027t alleviate the pain in her knees and only caused stomach…DEAR ABBY: My family has been keeping a secret from my grandmother. I have a 17-month-old daughter that she doesn\u0027t know exists. I wanted to tell my grandma from the start about her great-granddaughter (her first), but I am afraid to. My family thinks that telling her will cause too much stress on…These are the stunning shots of one photographer who is putting everyday \u0027selfies\u0027 to shame. Paul Zizka, 34, began experimenting with night photography just two years ago and immediately became fascinated with the spectacular scenes he discovered. To create something more unique he started adding…JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel\u0027s defense minister was quoted Tuesday as deriding U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry\u0027s Mideast peace efforts as naive and foolhardy, triggering an angry response from Washington and rekindling simmering tensions with Israel\u0027s closest and most important ally.By Zachary Cook NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York woman was sentenced on Monday under the state\u0027s \"Granny Law\" to one year in jail for punching an elderly Wal-Mart greeter in the face after a Christmas Eve shopping spree. It was the second time the upstate New York woman, Jacquetta Simmons, 28, was…A 2-year-old girl on a walk with her mother, fell into a septic tank after the plastic lid buckled under her.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Kristen Stewart has signed on to play the lead in \"Like Crazy\" director Drake Doremus\u0027 futuristic love story \"Equals,\" and it\u0027s making her a nervous wreck.DETROIT - The North American International Auto Show begins this week in Detroit with media and industry previews. It opens to the public Jan. 18.On a flight from Des Moines, Iowa, to Denver, Colo., two announcements were made over the intercom. The first asked if anyone on the plane had medical experience. The second asked if any passenger had flight experience. This story could have had a very tragic ending. But, instead, two nurses came…According to the latest reports from the U.S. Labor Department, unemployment statistics are creeping downward. Economists attribute the decreasing unemployment rate to three main factors: 2. The first wave of the baby boomer generation is cycling out of the workforce. As more baby boomers…A shooter opened fire at a middle school in New Mexico on Tuesday, seriously wounding at least two teenage students before being taken into custody, police and hospital officials said. A student at Berrendo Middle School, which serves students in grades six through eight, told the Albuquerque…Initial mortgage rates are back down this month in California to 2.75% (2.84% APR). See if you can get a great rate and start saving money today.Here’s how you know that T-Mobile is onto something: It’s making Wall Street very nervous for all the right reasons. Reuters recently talked with several financial analysts who all expressed fear that T-Mobile was sparking a pricing war in the wireless industry and that carriers were starting to…The Korea-based electronics giant now sells five versions of the Galaxy S4, including the standard version, the Galaxy S4 Mini, the Galaxy S4 Zoom, the Galaxy S4 Active and the LTE Advanced version. The newly unveiled Galaxy Note Pro also comes in 8, 10 and 12 inch sizes.The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas. Resident tuition and required fees…So, it seems pretty cold in Norway.Ralph Wettstein, a Costco member, is claiming that he bit into box cutter blades found in pieces of Lilydale brand boneless chicken bought from the big box retailer.JetBlue\u0027s \"Wing In The New Year\" sale is valid for travel from January 21 through April 12. According to JetBlue\u0027s sale details, the last travel date is March 5, but we found these fares to be available through mid-April.Wed, Jan 15","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedN.M. school had \u0027active shooter\u0027 trainingU.S. judge strikes down Okla. same-sex marriage banPhotos: Detroit auto show gassed up and ready to goObama: Won\u0027t wait for legislation to advance 2014 prioritiesPowell forgot to check WADA\u0027s listMissing Person: Have You Seen Luke Arduini?Pregnant, brain-dead woman\u0027s husband sues hospitalX-Ray Reveals Hundreds of Gold Needles in Woman\u0027s KneesGrandmother Deserves To Know Her Secret Great-GranddaughterPhotographer puts everyday \u0027selfies\u0027 to shame (17 photos)Israeli defense chief comments spark spat with USNY woman gets one year in jail for punching Wal-Mart greeterMan, two weeks out of prison, helps rescue 2-year-old girlKristen Stewart \u0027terrified\u0027 to film \u0027Equals\u0027Hot cars at the Detroit auto showNurses Spring Into Action When Pilot Has Heart Attack Mid FlightHow to Answer: \"What Have You Been Doing While Unemployed?\"Roswell middle school shooting (17 photos)California Mortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.84% APR)T-Mobile is scaring Wall Street for all the right reasonsSamsung Galaxy Note 3 Lite Gets Price at Online Retailers10 Low-Cost Public Colleges for In-State StudentsIt got so cold so quickly in this Norwegian bay that it froze a bunch of fish swimming in itMan says box cutter blades were in chicken bought at CostcoTwo-Day Sale from JetBlueComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":48,"second":8},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
