{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"In a speech in Wisconsin on Thursday, President Barack Obama insulted perhaps the most fervent members of his political base: art history majors. After extolling his own economic policies at some length, Obama observed that “manufacturing jobs typically pay well” in the United States. “A lot of…Warren, Michigan officials quickly acted to rectify the matter.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - An emaciated man whose boat washed up on a remote Pacific atoll this week claims he survived 16 months adrift on the Pacific, floating more than 12,500 kilometres (8,000 miles) from Mexico, a researcher said Friday. The man, with long hair and beard, was…All lanes reopened around 4:30 p.m. Saturday, several hours after a rollover accident shut down the southbound Dan Ryan Expressway near 81st Street.A brilliant late Gael Fickou try helped France to a stunning 26-24 win over England in the Six Nations on Saturday. Maxime Machenaud kicked the resulting conversion from under the posts as an exhilarating contest ended in fitting style with France beating their fiercest rivals for the first time…By Victoria Cavaliere and Jonathan Allen NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was greeted with audible boos and a few loud cheers during a Super Bowl-related appearance in New York City on Saturday, a day after a former appointee said the popular Republican knew about politically…HOUSTON (AP) — A ship was to set sail from a Houston-area port two days after returning from a cruise a day early with more than 180 ill passengers and crew aboard.Twitter is exploring ways to sell products directly from the 140-character missives the one-to-many text messaging service site is famous for, a technology news site has reported. It said it found the image posted on e-commerce site Fancy.com, which appeared to be working on a partnership with…Anaheim cabdriver gets 6 years for aid to terrorists in native Somali, last of 4 sentenced        BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand\u0027s tense national election got underway Sunday amid signs of disruptions at several polling stations and fears of violence, a day after gun battles between protesters and would-be voters broke out at a busy Bangkok intersection. The extent of disruptions was not immediately…Nigerian police have rescued three Indian sailors who were kidnapped from a cargo ship off the coast of Equatorial Guinea last month, a rare success story in its fight against piracy. The Equatorial Guinea-owned MV San Miguel was attacked by pirates on January 3 and three Indian crew members were…\"The publicized origin story of Square Inc. is a fabrication,\" starts a lawsuit filed by a Washington University engineering professor who is suing the mobile credit card reader company.        Chinese New Year 2014 has begun, setting off 15-day celebrations in China and countries around the world with sizeable Chinese population. The Lunar New Year will end on the day of Lantern Festival, which falls on the 15th day of the first month of Chinese calendar. (IBT) Find more news related…\"Talks will resume on Tuesday,\" the government\u0027s Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration said in a statement. Jimmy Gama of the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU) that launched the strike of around 80,000 miners on January 23, crippling the platinum sector,…If you are a frequent flyer or you travel a lot, an airline or travel credit card can help save you money. Reach your dream destinations sooner.Bangkok gripped by sense of dread on eve of election amid fears of violence, political limbo        With crowd focused on football, only a few boos for NJ Gov. Christie at NYC Super Bowl event        Worries about global economy, US earnings hurt stocks in January; S\u0026P 500 index falls 4 pct        By Steve Gorman LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A worsening drought in California will likely force a first-ever complete cutoff this year in state-supplied water sold to 29 irrigation districts, public water agencies and municipalities up and down the state, officials said Friday. Although the state…In a strange new photo, embattled Toronto Mayor Ford appears to be tickled by the city\u0027s chief budget officer.BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — You\u0027ve heard of flash mobs? Behold the Mass mob.Sat, Feb 1","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Syrian forces launch new Aleppo strikesGOP ponders scandal\u0027s toll on Christie\u0027s futureDylan Farrow resurrects Allen molestation claimCruel, heartless Obama mocks his most loyal, unquestioning supportersPolice officer hacks off woman’s hair, gets fired (with video)Credit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Man washes up in Marshall Islands \u0027after 16 months adrift\u0027Dan Ryan semi crash blocks southbound lanes near 81st Street; Lanes reopen hours laterLast gasp France stun England in ParisNJ Gov Christie, dogged by bridge closure, booed at Super Bowl eventCruise ship sails 2 days after early returnTwitter developing e-commerce service6 Years for Anaheim Cabbie for Aid to Somali GroupTop Asian News at 3:00 a.m. GMTNigeria says frees three Indians kidnapped off E.Guinea5 Highly Publicized Start-up Squeeze-outsChinese New Year - the year of the horse (19 photos)South African strike talks suspended until TuesdayTop Airline and Travel Credit Card Offers of 2014Fear of Violence Grips Thai Capital on Eve of VoteA Few Boos for Christie at NYC Super Bowl EventStock Investors Hit From All Sides in JanuaryCalifornia water allocation forecast hits record-low levelYou crack me up: Toronto official denies tickling Rob FordMass mobs fill pews, lift prayers at NY churchesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":11,"second":35},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
