{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (AP) — LPGA Tour Commissioner Mike Whan weighed in Friday on Golf Digest\u0027s provocative cover featuring Paulina Gretzky.A Ratcliffe, Texas couple have caged what they believe to be a legendary chupacabra.1000s of American men \u0026 women are taking an incredible natural ingredient that erases 7 lbs of beIIy each week.In Dearborn, Mich., home to over 40,000 Americans of Arab descent, some Muslim parents have complained about flyers handed out at public schools advertising an Easter egg hunt at a local Presbyterian church. The Muslim parents assert that the flyers – emblazoned with the word “Eggstravaganza!” –…By PAULA FARIS Every now and then a story hits home for me. This particular “Nightline” assignment did just that. The woman who has gained notoriety in some quarters as the  my-abs-are-better-than-yours “Fit Mom” flew from her home in Sacramento to Kansas City, Mo., to...DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m 15. Yesterday, they told our class that one of my friend\u0027s parents had died suddenly. Every single person in our grade cried, except for me. I felt bad about not crying for my friend\u0027s loss, but I just didn\u0027t. Another friend told me that last night people were texting, and it had…Arthur Williams hasn\u0027t been given a good reason why his car was towed away by police only 15 minutes after it had been returned to him.TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Kansas legislators gave final approval Saturday to a bill that would nullify city and county gun restrictions and ensure that it\u0027s legal across the state to openly carry firearms, a measure the National Rifle Association sees as a nationwide model for stripping local officials…On a beautiful Sunday last October, Detective Dan Douglas stood in a suburban Minnesota home and looked down at a lifeless 20-year-old — a needle mark in his arm, a syringe in his pocket. It didn\u0027t take long for Douglas to realize that the man, fresh out of treatment, was his second heroin overdose…1000\u0027s of American men and women are eating an incredible natural ingredient that erases 7 lbs of fat EVERY week. Featured on Dr OzEurope issued fresh calls Saturday for dialogue with Russia over Ukraine, warning Moscow it faces having a failed state in its backyard just as it tightens the economic noose on Kiev. Russia needs to understand it is not in its interest \"to have a collapsing state in its neighbourhood\", German…An Afghan girl helps her brother down from a security barrier set up outside the Independent Election Commission (IEC) office in the eastern Afghan city of Khost, Rwandan children walk to watch a torch ceremony as hundreds gather to await the arrival of a small flame of remembrance at the Petit…Spc. Ivan Lopez Wanted a Leave of Absence FormThe \"odd character\" is making a lot of people in Kildare, Ireland smile.North Korea published comments on Friday attacking South Korean President Park Geun-hye, descending to unprecedented levels of personal insult by describing her as a \"repulsive wench\" who had failed to marry or bear children. The KCNA news agency carried what it said were comments by a private…KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Months after vowing to boost security at a Kansas City school where a student says she was dragged to a room and raped, district officials have suspended six employees amid new allegations from a 14-year-old girl who alleges a boy repeatedly raped her at school.Open Auto Classifieds is a free, open source auto classifieds vehicle listing manager. Intended to be both easy to install and administer.The end credit scene of ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier’ introduces the new Avengers the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver. Here’s everything you need to know about them.From his backyard in Palo Alto, Calif., Chris Robinson is building a tsunami-proof capsule out of epoxy and plywood that he hopes will be strong enough to survive a tsunami and save the lives of those inside it. He’s a user experience designer by trade and looks at everything as a challenge. “What…PERTH, Australia (AP) — A Chinese ship involved in the hunt for the missing Malaysian jetliner reported hearing a \"pulse signal\" Saturday in southern Indian Ocean waters with the same frequency emitted by the plane\u0027s data recorders, as Malaysia vowed not to give up the search for the aircraft.A violent confrontation between a teacher and a student at Santa Monica High School was caught on cellphone video.WASHINGTON (AP) — A Republican running in Georgia\u0027s seven-way Senate primary released Friday an ad featuring a fake phone call from President Barack Obama.“I think it says a lot more about Americans than it does Swedes,” says Richard Hall, a young Swede holding his 13-month-old daughter Martha in one hand, a coffee in the other, at a funky cafe in central Stockholm. Swedish parents are entitled to a total of 480 days of paid parental leave between…Order MichaeI Kors on outlet online store, save up to 80%off with free shipping and best service. Check nowSat, Apr 5","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedShip hunting for Malaysia jet detects signalTennessee proposes free community college for high school gradsObama: Afghan election marks important milestoneLPGA Tour boss \u0027disappointed\u0027 with Golf DigestCouple who claimed they caught a live chupacabra, chooses to have the animal euthanizedShe Ate This Food \u0026 Lost 7 Lbs of Fat EVERY Week!Now Muslim parents are complaining about flyers for Easter egg huntsHaving \u0027Fit Mom\u0027 Come Face-to-Face With Her AdversariesTEEN SHARES IN FRIEND\u0027S GRIEF WITHOUT SHEDDING ANY TEARSMan pays $1,100 to have stolen car returned to him from impound lot, car is towed from his home only 15 minutes later by policeKansas lawmakers OK bill to void local gun rules\u0027We\u0027re all paying:\u0027 Heroin spreads misery in USDr Oz: Burn 25 lbs of Fat in 1 month. No Exercise.Russia cannot afford \u0027collapsing state\u0027 in its backyardPhotos of the day - April 3, 2014 (51 photos)Fort Hood Shooter Angered When Told To Come Back Next DayIf you’ve ever wondered what a goat/sheep lovechild would look like, today is your lucky dayNorth Korea launches unprecedented personal attack on South Korea leader6 suspended amid Missouri school rape allegationsClassified Automobiles - 2003 Jeep Wrangler $3,900Meet the Secret ‘Avengers’Modern-Day Noah Makes Tsunami-Proof BoatChina ship hears \u0027signal\u0027; unclear if jet-relatedTeacher-student fight caught on camera at Santa Monica High SchoolRepublican candidate in Georgia uses Obama in adNo, Sweden is not full of gay nannies. Those are the dads.Shop $60MichaeI Kors Bags OnlineComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":44,"second":11},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
