{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.A man and woman who killed two Las Vegas police officers and a Wal-Mart shopper before they died in a store shootout earlier this month were heavily armed and carried ammunition including armor-piercing bullets.Genesis Haley Was Discovered When a Jogger Heard Cries From BrushEarn a living (or make extra cash) just for helping people get around, and we\u0027re looking for people like you to apply. Click here to get started!There’s no doubt that Samsung’s Galaxy S5 is significantly outselling the HTC One (M8). Nonetheless, that hasn’t stopped HTC from having a bit of fun at its rival’s expense and the company’s official Twitter account on Monday posted a new message that simply reads, “One of these things is not like…LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Portugal fans searching for explanations for their team\u0027s disappointing World Cup performances are finding plenty of possible culprits.By James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea\u0027s rivers, streams and reservoirs are running dry in a prolonged drought, state media said on Monday, prompting the isolated country to mobilize some of its million-strong army to try to protect precious crops. The drought is the worst in North Korea…DEAR ABBY: I fell in love with a boy when I was 12, deeply in love. We met at our county fair. We grew up together and have remained friends for 30 years. He married and had children, as did I. I am now divorced, but he\u0027s still married. Recently our friendship has grown into something more. He…PITTSBURGH (AP) — A former Pennsylvania prosecutor and his wife pleaded no contest Monday to endangering the welfare of two adopted Ethiopian children after child welfare officials found the boy had been underfed and the girl physically abused.North America\u0027s largest earthquake rattled Alaska 50 years ago, killing 15 people and creating a tsunami that killed 124 more from Alaska to California. (AP) Find more news related pictures on our photo galleries page and follow us on Tumblr.Medicare supplement insurance plans insured by UnitedHealthcare Ins Co.SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — President Barack Obama has quietly done more to advance rights for transgender people than any other president, but they remain among the nation\u0027s most misunderstood minorities. Here are five things to know about transgender America:A decade ago, Lessya Kotelevskaya suffered an injury when a cheering fan accidentally hit her at a basketball game, causing swelling in her right jaw. Her doctors put her through cancer radiation that impaired her ability to eat and talk. As a result, she was unable to work and lost her husband,…A Georgia father was charged with felony murder in the death of his 22-month-old son, after the boy was left inside a mini-SUV for hours on a sweltering day.JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli warplanes bombed a series of targets inside Syria early on Monday, the Israeli military said, in response to a cross-border attack that killed an Israeli teenager the previous day.CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts (AP) — A graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who went missing more than a week ago in northern India has been found dead in a ravine after she reportedly slipped while jogging and fell several hundred feet off a cliff, MIT officials said Sunday.WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration has released into the U.S. an untold number of immigrant families caught traveling illegally from Central America in recent months — and although the government knows how many it\u0027s released, it won\u0027t say publicly.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.Here\u0027s a story that sounds way too familiar: Mississippi conservatives will be watching the polls during Tuesday\u0027s primary, to make sure black Democrats aren\u0027t breaking any voting laws. Following incumbent Sen. Thad Cochran\u0027s outreach to black voters in his bid to ward off a primary challenger, a…Australian gaming tycoon James Packer\u0027s ex-wife Jodhi Meares faces possible jail time after allegedly crashing her Range Rover into parked cars and being charged with drink-driving, reports said Monday. She was widely identified by the media as Meares. Packer, one of Australia\u0027s richest men with a…A 16-year-old New Jersey student has been charged with hacking into his school`s computer system and changing grades. The Orange County High School Sophomore has been charged with second degree computer theft for allegedly using a school staff member`s password to access the computer system and…DONETSK, Ukraine (AP) — Insurgents in eastern Ukraine promised Monday to honor a cease-fire declared by the Ukrainian president and engage in more talks to help resolve the conflict that has left hundreds dead in eastern Ukraine.By Andrea Shalal WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force on Monday temporarily halted flights at a Florida air base of 26 F-35A fighter jets built by Lockheed Martin Corp after a jet caught fire as it was preparing to take off for a training flight, a Pentagon spokesman said. The pilot aborted…An 8.0-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Alaska on Monday, the US Geological Survey said, generating a local tsunami warning. The National Tsunami Warning Center said the warning was in effect for coastal areas from Nikolski on Umnak Island to Attu Island at the far western end of the…Take advantage of low mortgage rates. Lock in a rate as low as 2.62% (2.99% APR) and lower your mortgage payment today!Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Jun 23Earn a living (or make extra cash) just for helping people get around, and we\u0027re looking for people like you to apply. Click here to get started!Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels to find the best deal on your Las Vegas room. Available now on trivago!Veterans can qualify for $0 down with the VA home loan benefit. Competitive rates. No private mortgage insurance required. Prequalify online in 2 min.The Casper is a mattress that\u0027s worth talking about. It has just the right sink and bounce. Try a risk-free trial with free shipping and returns.The fastest growing floor-care brand in the UK (according to GFK) is now in the US. The AirRam is light, cordless and powerful.","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFeatured19 injured in Beirut blastAlaskans evacuate after 8.0 quakeHusband of slain Iraqi woman sentencedCop Killers Were Heavily Armed, Wore Diapers, Police SayInfant in Stolen Car Found in Bushes Still Snuggled in Car SeatDrive with Uber! Get Paid \u0026 Make Your Own Hours.HTC gleefully trashes the Galaxy S5 with brutal Band-Aid graphicPortuguese seek culprits for World Cup flopNorth Korea army mobilized as rivers run dry in worst drought in yearsLOVE OF WOMAN\u0027S LIFE CAN BE ONLY A PART-TIME PASSIONEx-prosecutor, wife plead in adoption abuse caseMarch 1964 quake causes tsunami, destruction from Alaska to California (10 photos)AARP Health Insurance5 things to know about transgender peopleWoman Disfigured After Cancer Misdiagnosis to Get Free SurgeryFather Charged With Felony Murder in Son\u0027s Heat-Stroke Vehicle DeathIsraeli military carries out airstrikes in SyriaUS student dies after falling off cliff in IndiaUS releases immigrant families, won\u0027t say how manyOften Overlooked Method to Pay Off MortgageConservatives Poll Watchers Will Police the Voter Integrity of Mississippi\u0027s Black DemocratsAustralia tycoon Packer\u0027s ex-wife Meares facing jail: reportsStudent Charged With Hacking Into School`s Computer System, Changing GradesUkraine rebels: We will honor the cease-fireF-35A fighter jet flights suspended after fire at U.S. air baseMajor quake strikes off Alaska; local tsunami warningMortgage Refinance Rates Hit 2.62%ComicsDrive with Uber! Get Paid \u0026 Make Your Own Hours.Cheapest Las Vegas Hotels Available Now!Veterans United $0 Down VA Loans - NMLS #1907Learn more about a mattress with ultimate comfort.Is This the Best Vacuum Cleaner Ever?Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":17,"second":9},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
