{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"CANTON, N.Y. (AP) — Two young Amish sisters were sexually abused after their abduction from a roadside farm stand in northern New York, a prosecutor said Saturday.Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a nurse who has been providing flu vaccinations for customers in a big box store. Most of them regard us health care workers as people who want to keep them healthy. My problem is parents who use me as a threat of punishment for their kids. I have had parents drag their screaming,…One man was found dead and 34 others still alive in a shipping container on Saturday after staff at a British port heard banging and screaming coming from inside. The men, women and children, all believed to be from the Indian subcontinent, were discovered inside the container at Tilbury Docks,…Mexico\u0027s foreign ministry late Friday protested Texas Governor Rick Perry\u0027s deployment of National Guard troops to the southern US border to halt the surge of child migrants. Mexico \"reiterates, in a firm and categorical way, its rejection of this measure,\" read a statement from the foreign…Kurdish forces backed by US warplanes battled on Saturday to retake Iraq\u0027s largest dam from jihadist fighters, a day after militants carried out a \"massacre\" of dozens of villagers. Two months of violence have brought Iraq to the brink of breakup, and world powers relieved by the exit of long-time…WINCHESTER, Va. (AP) — A Virginia deputy sheriff shot his 16-year-old daughter after mistaking her for an intruder, then crashed his car as he rushed her to the hospital, authorities said.PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Pyongyang isn\u0027t just any North Korean city. So when a 23-story apartment building under construction collapsed in the center of the showcase capital in May, officials faced a bona fide emergency.What this site reveals might be the best thing for many homeowners. If you have a mortgage, you better read this now...CHICAGO (AP) — The roars for Derrick Rose started with the pregame introductions and did not fade until the final buzzer.A 21-year-old man was booked on suspicion of attempted murder of a peace officer Saturday after critically injuring a deputy at the Lakewood Center Mall, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff`s Department. Chris Wolfe reports for the KTLA 5 News at 6 on Aug. 16, 2014.RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A decorated retired Marine whose career as a sniper was derailed by a video that showed him urinating on the corpses of Taliban fighters has died, his attorney said Friday.The foreign ministers of Russia, Ukraine, Germany and France will hold urgent talks in Berlin Sunday, seeking to defuse tensions in east Ukraine where Kiev is attempting to defeat pro-Russian rebels. European leaders on Saturday scrambled to ease tensions over claims that Ukrainian forces had…A drunken commuter stabbed and wounded three men with a knife as he got off a subway train arriving at New York\u0027s Grand Central Terminal early on Saturday morning, police said. Ivan DeLeon, 38, got into a dispute after a bumping into a child that was with the three men who were trying to board the…Lionfish, an invasive Pacific Ocean species, have been wiping out native fish populations in the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean for the past couple of decades. Now, research reveals the \"terminator\"-style approach to hunting that has likely made them so successful: When other predatory fish quit…A 2014 IIHS Top Safety Pick. Advanced safety features are available on the new 2015 Mazda6. Your safety is our priority.In an electrical storm, the storm clouds are charged like giant capacitors in the sky. The upper portion of the cloud is positive and the lower portion is negative. How the cloud acquires this charge is still not agreed upon within the scientific community, but the following description provides…GREENVILLE, Texas (AP) — Two men were stabbed to death and several other people wounded in a fight early Saturday outside a North Texas roller skating rink, officials said.PHOENIX (AP) — Women\u0027s basketball stars Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson are engaged.The Ebola virus has now killed more than 1,000 people in West Africa. Although the mortality rate of the most recent outbreak isn\u0027t as high as in previous events, it\u0027s still the case that most people who become infected with Ebola will not survive. But despite this somber prognosis, health experts…Like so many people, I was devastated by the news of Robin Williams\u0027 suicide. I had had the sheer joy of interviewing him, and he\u0027d also done a hilarious bit about colonoscopies at a benefit I hosted for colon cancer awareness back in 2002. Robin and I shared the belief that laughter really is the…The two problems were the drug-fueled crime wave of the \u002770s and \u002780s and the post-9/11 fear that local police forces would soon be overwhelmed with local terrorist plots. In America, big problems require big guns, and so one response to these fears was the so-called \"1033 program\", where the…Take your marketing career to the next level with a degree in Internet Marketing from Full Sail University.In an interview on the Hugh Hewitt radio show, former Bush adviser Karl Rove said he considers President Obama’s lax attitude towards interacting with world leaders to be appalling and that the “true Obama” is starting to show. Obama is leaving his successor with a geopolitical mess, Rove said, and…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistSun, Aug 17","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsTensions rise in Ferguson ahead of curfewPhotos: Ferguson officer Darren Wilson earned police honor before fatal shootingTexas Gov. Perry calls indictment politically motivatedOfficial: Amish girls sexually abused in abductionNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!NURSE OBJECTS WHEN MOTHER THREATENS GIRL WITH FLU SHOTScreaming survivors found in container at UK portMexico protests Texas National Guard troops on US borderKurds fight to retake Iraq\u0027s largest dam after \u0027massacre\u0027Police: Virginia deputy shot daughter, crashed carBuilding fail sheds light on N. Korean prioritiesHomeowners Are In For A Big SurpriseRose hears cheers as US beats Brazil 95-78Sheriff`s Deputy in Critical Condition After Being Attacked at Lakewood MallMarine who urinated on corpses in Afghanistan diesRussian, Ukraine foreign ministers to meet in bid to defuse tensionsDrunk commuter stabs three men on New York City subway platformLionfish\u0027s Terminator-Style Killing Alarms ScientistsThe 2015 Mazda6When lightning strikes (25 photos)2 stabbed to death outside Texas skating rinkWNBA players Griner, Johnson engaged5 Viruses That Are Scarier Than EbolaOn Robin Williams, Parkinson\u0027s and DepressionOne sentence that explains why local police don’t need military weaponsLearn Internet Marketing at Full Sail UniversityRove: ‘We’re Now Seeing The Real, True Obama’ [VIDEO]Comics12 Things You Never Knew About \"Bring It On\"Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":29,"second":52},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
