{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Wedding season is upon us. It\u0027s understandable that some people get cold feet, but this guy went to extremes to avoid getting married — by faking his own death. Tucker Blandford, 23, met his bride-to-be, Alex Lanchester, in August 2012 at a college in Connecticut. They hit it off and quickly fell…What this site reveals might be the best thing for many homeowners. If you have a mortgage, you better read this now...At a time when tensions between police and civilians are at an all-time high, and scrutiny of police tactics has never been greater, police in St. Louis shot and killed a man on Tuesday, just miles from where Michael Brown died. This incident involved a St. Louis Police Department officer, where as…(Reuters) - A veteran outdoorsman fell to his death on a solo climb at Yosemite National Park in California the same day he proposed to his girlfriend, a newspaper reported. Brad Parker, 36, of Sebastopol, California, and his girlfriend, Jainee Dial, climbed to the top of Cathedral Peak on Saturday…ANGLETON, Texas (AP) — A drunk driver did not deserve \"execution\" by a Texas father accused of taking the law into his own hands in a fit of rage over the killing of his two sons in a wreck, a prosecutor told jurors on Tuesday.WASHINGTON (AP) — A video by Islamic State group militants Tuesday purported to show the killing of American journalist James Foley as retribution for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq. The White House, his family and employer said they could not determine the video\u0027s authenticity and were trying to confirm…PORTLAND, Oregon (AP) — An immigration judge has dismissed the case against a 19-year-old Oregon woman who faced possible deportation to Mexico after she drove an SUV into a leaf pile, accidentally killing two young girls playing in it.Flooding from heavy monsoon season rains in the Phoenix area forced authorities on Tuesday to close several major roads, including a portion of Interstate 17, while elsewhere firefighters rescued multiple motorists and a small trailer park was evacuated. The National Weather Service issued a flash…Doctors speak out about knee \u0026 shoulder relief.Sudanese model Ataui Deng, who went missing for nearly two weeks, has been found alive in a New York hospital, police said Tuesday. \"She was found in an area hospital,\" a New York Police Department spokesman told AFP, adding that she was fine. According to the New York Post, Deng -- also known as…LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — Johnny Manziel raised his middle finger toward the Washington Redskins bench as he returned to the huddle late in the third quarter. It was one of the few times a Cleveland Browns quarterback actually found his intended target.An 8-year-old girl plunged some 550 feet (168 meters) to her death at Yellowstone National Park on Sunday after stepping off a trail overlooking a 1,200-foot (366-m) canyon and losing her footing, a park official said on Monday. The child and her family were hiking a popular path along the Grand…The Islamic State is vowing retribution should U.S. According to Reuters, a newly released video by the Islamic State shows a picture of an American man who had been beheaded in Iraq during the initial U.S. The Islamic State has focused on its goal of establishing a caliphate by seizing land in…BRISTOL, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut man was charged with murder, accused of fatally slashing his 1-year-old niece in her abdomen while babysitting, police said.Liberia said Tuesday it had found 17 Ebola patients who had fled an attack on their clinic, sparking a panicked manhunt across its capital, which is in the throes of a seemingly unstoppable epidemic. The World Health Organization, meanwhile, said the tropical virus had killed 84 people in just…If you drive less than 55 miles/day OR have no DUI\u0027s you can get auto insurance for as $29/ Month! See if you qualifyFew people were surprised when conservative commentators started criticizing President Obama for commenting on the Michael Brown shooting and aftermath in Ferguson, Missouri, and a new Pew poll shows why: white and Republican Americans are more likely to think race is getting too much attention in…Fighters from Lebanon\u0027s Hezbollah have killed a top jihadist from the Islamic State group in Syria who allegedly planned bloody attacks in Lebanon, a monitoring group said on Tuesday. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Hezbollah fighters had killed Abu Abdullah al-Iraqi in the Qalamun…Russia announced plans Tuesday to bolster its navy with more advanced weapons in response to NATO\u0027s vow to halt the Kremlin\u0027s push into Ukraine and feared expansion into eastern Europe. Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu told a general security meeting that he expected to hear a detailed report from…A 29-year-old man who allegedly broke into a woman`s Santa Ana home and climbed into bed with the sleeping victim was arrested after he left behind his driver`s license, police said Monday. Chip Yost reports from Santa Ana for the KTLA 5 News at 1 on Tuesday, Aug. 19, 2014.Hunted for generations for its tasty meat, the scaly-skinned pangolin is under threat in Gabon as demand for the small mammal surges in Asia, where it is used in traditional medicine. \"People hunt the pangolin like any other meat because the forest is often the only resource\" for people in Gabon,…Pope Francis on Monday publicly broached the prospect of his own death for the first time, giving himself \"two or three years\" but not ruling out retirement before then. Talking to reporters on a flight back to the Vatican from South Korea, the 77-year-old pontiff, who seemed in good spirits, was…Black Book is an online leader in offering timely, independent and accurate used car values. Get a free new car price quote with your used car value!Last week, a so-called Imperial Wizard for the Ku Klux Klan sent an email soliciting funds for Darren Wilson, the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown. We are setting up a reward/fund for the police officer who shot this thug. It\u0027s not surprising that an organization known for…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistTue, Aug 19","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsCops: Men hold 6 hostages in Ill. suburbISIL claims beheading of U.S. journalist, holding anotherPerry booked for abusing power, vows he will fight this injustice’Man Fakes Own Death to Avoid Upcoming WeddingHomeowners Are In For A Big SurpriseWith City on Edge, St. Louis Police Shoot and Kill Another ManClimber proposes to girlfriend before falling to death at Yosemite: reportProsecutor: Killing of drunk driver an \u0027execution\u0027US trying to verify video of American\u0027s killing19-year-old in leaf-pile deaths avoids deportationFlooding in Phoenix (13 photos)Knee \u0026 Shoulder ReliefMissing model Ataui Deng found in New York hospitalManziel\u0027s gesture taints Browns\u0027 loss to RedskinsGirl plunges 550 feet to her death at Yellowstone National ParkIslamic State Promises to \u0027Drown All of You in Blood\u0027Man charged in fatal stabbing of 1-year-old nieceLiberia Ebola patients found as death toll surgesDo not pay your insurance bill until you read thisPeople Who Don\u0027t Think Race Matters In Ferguson Think Obama\u0027s Remarks Are RacistLebanon\u0027s Hezbollah kills top jihadist in Syria: NGORussia vows to strengthen navy to ward off NATOActor Accused of Breaking Into Santa Ana Home, Getting Into Bed With WomanPangolins under threat in Gabon as demand surges in AsiaGod will give me two or three more years, says PopeAre You Wondering What Your Current Car is Worth?KKK Disowns KKK Fundraiser for Darren WilsonComicsHomeowners Are In For A Big SurpriseFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":47,"second":55},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
