{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"LOS ANGELES (AP) — Much has transpired since Nadya Suleman became \"Octomom\" by giving birth to eight premature but otherwise healthy children on Jan. 26, 2009. She\u0027s gone from medical marvel — hers are the only known full set of octuplets to live past their first week — to national punch line for…North Korea took its demand for the United States and South Korea to halt joint military drills to the United Nations, holding a rare news conference on Friday to warn that the exercises could get \"out of control and plunge into unimaginable disaster.\" North Korea\u0027s U.N. Ambassador Sin Son Ho said…Join us for a free Rich Dad Education financial workshop in the San Francisco area. Attendees are entered to win a Kindle Fire! Save your spot now!US pop music stars Jennifer Lopez and Pitbull will join Brazilian singer Claudia Leitte on the official World Cup anthem \"We Are One,\" FIFA announced in Rio on Thursday. \"Only music and football can attract 80,000 people to a stadium, but a concert has just one artist, while football has 22,\" said…Mars may have been capable of supporting microbial life for hundreds of millions of years in the ancient past, new findings from a long-lived Red Planet rover suggest. NASA\u0027s Opportunity rover, which celebrates 10 years of Mars exploration on Friday (Jan. 24), has uncovered evidence that benign,…The case of the Texas woman who has been declared brain-dead, but who is being kept on life-support systems against her husband\u0027s wishes because she is pregnant, has become more complicated, with attorneys for the husband saying the fetus shows abnormalities. Hospital officials say a Texas law…The family was known to authorities for their \"unorthodox\" living arrangements but there was no cause for intervention and no way of knowing what the parents were planning, the report said. Mick and Mairead Philpott were jailed in April last year, along with their friend Paul Mosley, after being…\"Pulp Fiction\" and \"Django Unchained\" director Quentin Tarantino is on the warpath, after someone leaked his latest screenplay, prompting him to scrap plans to make it as his next film. The \"Reservoir Dogs\" filmmaker is pointing the finger at someone linked to only six people with whom he shared…BEIJING (AP) — China said Friday it has begun issuing warnings to foreign military planes entering its self-declared air defense zone over the East China Sea amid heightened tensions with its neighbors, especially Japan.At the age of 43 Sandra Chambers decided she needed to find a way to lose weight. Little did she know putting on a pair of figure skates would transorm her body, and her life.China\u0027s Li Na guns for her second Grand Slam title and her first in three Australian Open finals Saturday against a player who is in some of the best form of her life. The fourth seed, who became Asia\u0027s first Grand Slam winner when she was crowned French Open champion in 2011, made the decider at…WASHINGTON (AP) — Mike Huckabee\u0027s comments about contraception proved quick fodder for Democrats and a headache for Republicans trying to market themselves as a better choice for female voters who have proved elusive to the GOP.ABC News Fixer Investigates When One Carrier Hands Your Package to AnotherDEAR ABBY: I am 36. My husband is 60. We have been together for 10 years. During the first four years we got along great, but he now says he wants to have affairs. He texts women and tries to hide it from me. I found out he was texting his first ex-wife. It made me uncomfortable, so I asked him to…KIHEI, Hawaii (AP) — A surge in shark attacks on Maui over the past year, including two fatal ones, hasn\u0027t stopped people from surfing and swimming in the warm ocean waters that surround the Hawaii island.Save 59% on opaquesSoft and warm fleece-lined leggings - sssorted colors only on Nomorerack. Limited quantities. Shop now!Along the way you\u0027ll have an opportunity to check for noisy neighbors, test the water pressure, and inadvertently, for one couple - learn how concerned the neighbors are and even how quickly the police respond. While the show didn\u0027t start a national trend of sleeping in a home before deciding to…\u0027I am an alcoholic,\u0027 says ABC News\u0027 Elizabeth Vargas as she returns to the air after treatment        MEXICO CITY (AP) — \"Drink the water.\"KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — The towering fleece hats and elaborate beards of Ukraine\u0027s 16th-century Cossacks are favored by many of the demonstrators on Kiev\u0027s main square, who have camped out in anti-government protests for nearly two months.Visitors to Universal Orlando this summer will be able to retrace the steps of Harry Potter as he crosses over from the Muggle world to the wizarding world, at a new theme park that will include a Hogwarts Express train, Diagon Alley and a recreation of London landmarks -- to real-life scale. The…Jerry Dalrymple, 65, from Chicago was headed to Laporte to visit relatives when he was killed. Jerry was pronounced dead at the scene. His dog also died in the crash.Fri, Jan 24","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedDenver nuns win contraception compromiseFarmers, schools scramble for propane amid freezeGeorge Zimmerman hit with copyright claim over latest painting8 things to know about \u0027Octomom\u0027 Nadya SulemanNorth Korea warns U.S., South Korea military drills could spark disasterFree Event in the San Francisco Area 2/10-2/15!J.Lo, Pitbull, Claudia Leitte to sing official World Cup anthemAncient Mars May Have Been Habitable for Hundreds of Millions of YearsCase of brain-dead pregnant Texas woman takes complicating turnDerby family fire deaths \u0027could not have been prevented\u0027Tarantino on warpath after screenplay leakedChina warns foreign planes entering defense zoneSecond Act: How a Pair of Ice Skates Transformed One Woman\u0027s LifeChina\u0027s Li guns for second Grand Slam titleHuckabee\u0027s comments on birth control gift for DemsHelp! I\u0027m A Victim of Shipping \u0027Bait-And-Switch\u0027Husband Enlists Hemingway In Campaign To Have An AffairAnti-shark devices popular on Maui after attacksCyber Monday Deal - Leggings for Only $7!Why You Should Try Out a Home Before You Buy ItABC News\u0027 Elizabeth Vargas: \u0027I Am an Alcoholic\u0027Mexico City bets on tap water law to change habitIn Ukraine, protests resemble Medieval battleNew to Harry Potter theme park: Hogwarts Express train and Diagon AlleyEmotional interview with daughter of crash victim in I-94 crashComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":18,"second":25},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
