{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Republican Representative Paul Ryan on Friday agreed to meet with the Congressional Black Caucus after members of the group branded his remarks about inner-city poverty this week \"highly offensive\". The controversy began on Wednesday after Ryan said on William Bennett\u0027s talk radio show, \"Morning in…School officials at Yates Magnet Elementary School in Schenectady, N.Y. totally bought it when a kindergarten girl showed up on Wednesday all by herself and pretended to be a new student all day. The student, Janeya Nevins, ended up at Yates Elementary because she got on the wrong school bus in the…Houses in California worth over $100k now qualify for the lowest mortgage rate. You can start saving $1000s of dollars per year. See if you qualify!MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Brian Stowe sat with his head down as, one by one, three women walked to the front of a Wisconsin courtroom and described their shock at finding out their close friend had drugged them to the point of unconsciousness, then sexually assaulted and photographed them.KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — A Malaysia Airlines plane sent signals to a satellite for four hours after the aircraft went missing, an indication that it was still flying for hundreds of miles or more, a U.S. official briefed on the search said Thursday.USS Kidd Being Moved to Search the AreaIf the U.S. moves to sanction Putin and his pals next week, Moscow will definitely strike back. Inside the Obama administration, officials are gearing up for an economic Cold War.By Laila Kearney San Francisco (Reuters) - A northern California teen-age father has been arrested on suspicion of biting off the tip of his infant son\u0027s nose in a fit of rage over the child\u0027s crying, police said on Friday. Joshua Cooper, 18, was booked into jail on Thursday on suspicion of child…PALM HARBOR, Fla. (AP) — John Daly has gone 17 straight years on the PGA Tour with at least one round in the 80s. He didn\u0027t even manage that Friday in the Valspar Championship.Find out why this joint relief product is flying off shelves.DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Officials across much of the Muslim world said Thursday that the upcoming big-budget Hollywood film \"Noah\" featuring Russell Crowe as the ark-building prophet will not be shown in local theaters because it could offend viewers.This is the heart-stopping moment a photographer came within inches of a young cheetah when it stuck its head through her sun roof. Australian Bobby-Jo Clow, 31, was on safari in Tanzania when the juvenile started heading towards her Landrover with his sibling. She snapped away as the young male…To steal Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 out of midair would require a pilot who knew how to elude detection by both civilian and military radar. It would take a runway at least a mile long to land the wide-body jet, possibly in the dark, and a hangar big enough to hide it. All without being seen.BRISTOL, Tenn. (AP) — Danica Patrick wrecked just minutes into what turned into a dicey first practice session Friday at Bristol Motor Speedway.One of the U.S. Army\u0027s \"15 Most Wanted\" fugitives was arrested in Florida on Thursday, more than 36 years after the man escaped from a federal prison in Kansas and went on the run. James Robert Jones, a U.S. Army private, was arrested as he showed up for work near Deerfield Beach, Florida, the U.S.…Many people rely on pain medication to relieve their headaches, but pill popping isn\u0027t the best way tame your throbbing head. More often than not, you can remedy your headaches naturally with a few simple lifestyle changes: Watch Your Blood Sugar Levels This isn\u0027t a good thing, because high blood…New policy gives homeowners the chance to reduce their monthly mortgage payments and possibly save thousands of dollars. Here is how it works.By David Alexander WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon\u0027s decision to retire the entire U.S. fleet of popular A-10 \"Warthog\" aircraft is painful but necessary as the military is forced to save money now to develop tomorrow\u0027s weapons, Air Force leaders said on Friday. General Mark Welsh, the Air…SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) — A speeding car carrying four women veered out of control, smashed through a metal bridge railing, plunged 20 feet into a concrete wash and burst into flames, killing everyone, authorities said Friday.A high school sophomore in California says she did not know that she had been drugged and sexually assaulted until video of it started circulating around school.ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The new Harry Potter area opening at Universal Orlando Resort this summer will allow fans to ride the Hogwarts Express train and experience the British countryside just as the characters did in the book and movie series.\"You can do almost anything if you go to YouTube and figure it out,\" says John Sylvestre, owner of Sylvestre Construction in Minneapolis. \"There\u0027s so many options out there.\" An even easier project: Replace all your outlet and switch covers with clean new ones.Imagine sitting down with Warren Buffett to discuss how you should invest for retirement. Would he suggest buying shares of Berkshire Hathaway? Would he favor individual stocks or mutual funds? In his recently released letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders, Buffett gives us a glimpse into how…Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.Fri, Mar 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedWest braces for Crimea vote after talks failOne week since Flight 370 vanished, rival theories at playNote from Clinton White House files: \u0027Send a Muslim!\u0027Paul Ryan to meet black U.S. lawmakers after \u0027offensive\u0027 remarksKindergartener takes bus to wrong school, says she’s a new student, school totally buys itBanks Cut Mortgage Rate to 3.12% APR in MarchWis. man sentenced for drugging, assaulting womenMissing plane sent signals to satellite for hoursUS Officials Have \u0027Indication\u0027 Malaysia Airline Crashed into Indian OceanU.S. Preps for Russian RetaliationCalifornia teen dad suspected of biting off crying baby\u0027s noseJohn Daly shoots a 12 on his way to a 90Clever Joint Relief\u0027Noah\u0027 will not debut in much of Muslim worldA cheetah encounter in the Serengeti (9 photos)Missing jet: Piracy would require special skillsHigh speeds lead to several crashes at BristolOne of U.S. Army\u0027s \u002715 Most Wanted\u0027 fugitives arrested in FloridaHow to Stop a HeadacheHomeowners May Finally Get a BailoutAir Force leaders defend move to retire popular \u0027Warthog\u0027 planeCar crashes off bridge, plunges 20 feet, killing 4Teen Says Friends Recorded Her Being Sexually AssaultedUniversal Orlando reveals Harry Potter details10 Do-It-Yourself Home Projects You Can Finish in a WeekendThe Warren Buffett Guide to Retirement InvestingThe Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":55,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
