{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The fourth recently identified hijacked plane appeared to be on a heading for Washington, and there was no time to arm the base’s fighter aircraft before Penney and her commanding officer took off to intercept the rogue Boeing 757 passenger plane. Penney, the first female F-16 pilot of the D.C. Air…Remember the Sweet Aroma and Delicious Taste of Froot Loops? Bring Back the Awesome with a Bowl of Froot Loops Today!How the world responded to Obama\u0027s Islamic State speech From Tehran to Berlin, commentators are chewing over President Barack Obama’s speech last night on fighting the self-named Islamic State (IS). Mr. Obama’s speech wasn’t top news in many outlets, and more reactions will likely follow.During his trial, Oscar Pistorius sometimes retched and sobbed. The double-amputee Olympian sobbed again on Thursday, this time in apparent relief as a judge said the evidence did not support a murder conviction for killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. The judge could still convict Pistorius of a…An unresolved question in the controversial shooting death of Michael Brown is whether or not the unarmed teen may have charged at Ferguson officer Darren Wilson, giving the policeman reasonable fear to fire a barrage of fatal shots. The witness is one of two contractors who were working nearby on…Here\u0027s What Congress Tweeted While Obama Was Asking for Their Support Against ISIS As President Obama addressed the American people tonight on the administration\u0027s plans to \"degrade and ultimately destroy\" ISIS, he repeatedly mentioned that he wants Congress\u0027s support for his plans. On Twitter,…Two Houston, Texas school district police officers pinned a 15-year-old girl face down on the floor on Tuesday because she didn’t want to relinquish her cell phone to an assistant principal. The girl, sophomore Ixel Perez, weighs 70 pounds, according to her brother. In a video of the incident, one…Former White House Press Secretary and newly-minted CNN employee Jay Carney spent his first night on the network being put through the wringer by Sen. John McCain. During a segment that followed the President\u0027s primetime speech, the two continually talked over each other as McCain argued that…There\u0027s a Sonata that\u0027s perfect for you, and this is your chance to build it! Visit the Hyundai Official Site to customize your 2015 Sonata today!Corey Bowden, 42, turned himself in to Chesterfield, Virginia, police early Thursday morning after he admitted to shooting his wife in the head, Chesterfield Police Lt. Justin Miller said. The woman, 27, was rushed to VCU Medical Center where she died, according to her mother. Officers responded to…Their little bodies shrouded in plastic bags, the five children of Timothy Ray Jones Jr. had been dead for days by the time he led investigators to the spot where they had been dumped among dead trees and scrub brush. The children\u0027s journey to that isolated hilltop in central Alabama covered…By Barbara Liston ORLANDO Fla. (Reuters) - A young Florida mother was charged in connection with the Sept. 3 drowning death of her toddler, who had been hospitalized for a near-drowning several weeks earlier, a prosecutor said on Thursday. Stephanie Howell, 22, of DeFuniak Springs in the Panhandle,…Syrian and Iranian officials criticized the Obama administration on Thursday for excluding them from an international coalition coming together in the battle against the Islamic State group, while a state-run Syrian daily warned that unauthorized U.S. The strongest reaction, however, came from…The children, aged 3 and 4, and adult staff members of the Growing Tree Learning Center in downtown Jersey City were transported in five ambulances to the Jersey City Medical Center after a late-morning call to 911, said Mark Rabson, a hospital spokesman. \"There was a poisoning and many children…A father accused of killing his five small children has not said why he allegedly murdered them, an emotional sheriff said today, but the sheriff said the dad appeared \"disoriented\" when stopped by cops and that they found synthetic marijuana known as \"spice\" in his car. Timothy Ray Jones Jr. will…Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL Fla. (Reuters) - A rare double burst of magnetically charged solar storms will hit Earth Thursday night and Friday, raising concerns that GPS signals, radio communications and power transmissions could be disrupted, officials said on Thursday. Individually, the storms,…The European Union on Thursday slapped more sanctions on Russia for helping separatists destabilize Ukraine, limiting Russia\u0027s access to its financial market, hitting the country\u0027s vital oil industry, curbing high-tech exports and targeting more officials with travel bans and asset freezes. Many EU…A 14-year-old has entered a guilty plea for shooting his sister and killing her. A juvenile court judge accepted the second-degree murder plea Wednesday afternoon.Picture the fearsome creatures of \"Jurassic Park\" crossed with the shark from \"Jaws.\" Then super-size to the biggest predator ever to roam Earth. The beast, called Spinosaurus aegyptiacus, was already known to scientists from a long-ago fossil discovery, but most of those bones were destroyed in…Carolina Panthers Pro Bowl defensive end Greg Hardy has been convicted on two counts of domestic violence and is still playing. Ray McDonald of the San Francisco 49ers also remains active while he is being investigated for abuse allegations. The Panthers and 49ers have not publicly discussed…Richard Kiel, the towering actor best known for portraying steel-toothed villain Jaws in a pair of James Bond films, has died. Kelley Sanchez, director of communications at Saint Agnes Medical Center, confirmed Wednesday that Kiel was a patient at the hospital and died. Kiel\u0027s agent, Steven…See how Elantra\u0027s features measure up to their competitors. Explore all the features and benefits at the Hyundai Official Site.By Victoria Cavaliere SEATTLE (Reuters) - Two young girls have died and a boy was hospitalized in critical condition in the Pacific Northwest on Wednesday after becoming infected with E.coli in two separate incidents, health officials said. Investigations have been launched into the source and…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistThu, Sep 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsWhite House locked down after man jumps fencePortman calls for vote on Syrian airstrikesOkla. police: McCaskill wrong on extreme militarizationHow An American F-16 Pilot Was Given A Kamikaze Mission On Sept. 11Check Out the Official Froot Loops Site!How the world responded to Obama\u0027s Islamic State speechPistorius not guilty of murder but was negligentWitness: Michael Brown was \u0027walking dead guy,\u0027 not rushing Ferguson officerHere\u0027s What Congress Tweeted While Obama Was Asking for Their Support Against ISISSuper-Tough Cops Take Down 70-Pound High School Girl Who Wanted To Keep Her Cell PhoneJay Carney Spent His First Night on CNN Being Called a Liar by John McCainThe New 2015 Sonata: A Step Above the CompetitionMan `Can`t Believe` He Shot His Wife In The Head\u0027Loving\u0027 father now tied to his 5 kids\u0027 deathsFlorida woman jailed for child neglect after drowning of toddlerSyria, Iran slam US strategy in fighting militantsDozens of children at N.J. day care center accidentally drink bleachDad Accused of Killing His Five Kids Had \u0027Spice\u0027 Drug, Cops SayNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!Double solar storms headed to Earth raise disruption concernsDespite economic fears, EU sanctions Russia again14-Year-Old Pleads Guilty To Shooting, Killing SisterAlien-like giant water-living dinosaur unveiled2 more NFL players face domestic violence issuesJaws actor from Bond films Richard Kiel dies at 74Elantra Takes On The CompetitionE.coli kills two girls in U.S. Pacific Northwest, boy hospitalizedComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":10,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
