{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"LeBron James added fuel to rumours he may leave the Miami Heat in a birthday message he sent over Instagram to teammate Dwyane Wade on Friday. James, a four-time NBA Most Valuable Player, left the Cleveland Cavaliers to join Wade, 32 on Friday, and Chris Bosh in Miami in 2010. But James, Wade and…Greg Snider was in a Houston, Texas parking lot, on the phone making a business call. While in the lot, a homeless man approached his car and asked for change. Snider gave him 75 cents and then drove off. KPRC Local 2 News reported on the shocking thing that happened next.Missing 28-year-old. Last seen in Oakland January 1 at 4:30pm with red sneakers. Brown hair, eyes. Code tattoo. Call 415-999-5911 with any info.By Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Immigration reform advocates, who saw their hopes dashed in 2013 for major legislation, are encouraged by stirrings in the Republican-led House of Representatives for taking up the issue. The Senate last June passed a sweeping immigration bill that would…Adkins reportedly got into a fight at a bar on the ship with a Trace Adkins impersonator who was doing karaoke.NEW YORK (AP) — A week before his big night at the Grammy Awards, Pharrell is happy — and speechless — over his Oscar nomination.By Jonathan Saul LONDON (Reuters) - In recent weeks Russia has stepped up supplies of military gear to Syria, including armored vehicles, drones and guided bombs, boosting President Bashar al-Assad just as rebel infighting has weakened the insurgency against him, sources with knowledge of the…Many people shop at Costco because they want good value on the more than 3,700 items in stock. Yet few people know just how Costco is able to give its customers such quality and value, or what makes Costco different from other wholesale companies. We spoke with regular Costco shoppers -- or…World number one Serena Williams set a new record of 61 Australian Open wins Friday as she scorched into the fourth round -- and warned she plans to get even better. The American top seed used her powerful serve to good effect as she raced past experienced Slovak Daniela Hantuchova on another hot…We’ve argued in the past that it wouldn’t be fair to compare Windows 8 to Vista, in part because Vista was widely hated by many Windows users while Windows 8 is merely polarizing. In other words, even though Microsoft surely wishes more people liked Windows 8, it can at least take solace in the…Marijuana Shop Owner Says Edibles Are So Popular, She\u0027s Had to Impose Purchase LimitBy Sarah McBride SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency on Friday, a move that will allow the parched state to seek federal aid as it grapples with what could turn out to be the driest year in recorded state history for many areas. The dry year…By Steve Holland, Mark Hosenball and Jeff Mason WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama banned U.S. eavesdropping on the leaders of close friends and allies on Friday and began reining in the vast collection of Americans\u0027 phone data in a series of limited reforms triggered by Edward…NEW YORK (AP) — The United Methodist Church has formally charged another clergyman for presiding at the same-sex wedding of his son.Living on half your income. Impossible? No. Daunting? Yes. How do we accomplish this? With willpower made of steely determination and making major sacrifices. Add to that a dash of honesty, and you\u0027re on your way. Easy, right?The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.DUNMORE, Pa. (AP) — Between the mysteriously banging doors, the odd noises coming from the basement, and the persistent feeling that someone is standing behind them, homeowners Gregory and Sandi Leeson are thoroughly creeped out by their 113-year-old Victorian.Gangster rappers and royalty rejoice -- two years after the brand was axed due to poor sales, the ultra-luxury limousine marque is making a return. The new ultra-luxury cars will be ultra-long-wheelbase versions of the company’s new flagship S Class model and will take the comfort up to 11. When…Police say a woman living in a quiet Pennsylvania neighborhood stabbed her 2-year-old son before turning the knife on herself.Minerva Schools of KGI, a radically experimental university in San Francisco, is sifting through applications for its first class, starting this fall. The school is an alliance between Minerva Project, a venture-backed for-profit company, and Keck Graduate Institute, one of California\u0027s Claremont…KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Ukraine\u0027s president on Friday ignored sharp Western criticism and approved controversial anti-protest legislation aimed at quashing anti-government demonstrations, which have rocked Kiev for nearly two months.PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Lex Luthor is sporting a new title on his business card: Hero.Fri, Jan 17","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedDeadly attack on popular Kabul restaurantEight questions about Obama’s spying overhaulDramatic photos of 1986 shuttle disaster found in atticJames birthday message to Wade highlights uncertain futureMan gives change to homeless person, is handcuffed and held by police for an hourMissing Person: Have You Seen Luke Arduini?U.S. immigration reform advocates see new hope in 2014Country singer Trace Adkins enters rehabOh \u0027Happy\u0027 day: Pharrell speechless over Oscar nodExclusive: Russia steps up military lifeline to Syria\u0027s Assad - sources7 Things You Need to Know About CostcoTop seed Serena through with record 61st winMicrosoft employees reportedly call Windows 8 ‘the new Vista’Colorado Shop Owners Can\u0027t Keep Marijuana Edibles in StockCalifornia governor declares drought emergencyObama bans spying on leaders of U.S. allies, scales back NSA programNY Methodist clergyman charged over gay weddingThe Case for Living On Half Your IncomeAnti-Aging Creams Of 2014Pa. couple advertises home as \u0027slightly haunted\u0027Mercedes bringing back the MaybachMother Stabs Baby in Attempted Murder-SuicideA new university bets on a hybrid online-learning modelUkrainian leader signs anti-protest billsIn DC\u0027s \u0027Justice League,\u0027 an unlikely leaderComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":22,"second":25},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
