{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Supreme Court on Wednesday rejected a last-day appeal from a Texas woman convicted of the starvation and torture death of her girlfriend\u0027s 9-year-old son a decade ago, clearing the way for her execution. Lisa Coleman, 38, would be the ninth convicted killer and second woman to receive a lethal…This simple Warren Buffett lesson explains the key strategy that could create unimaginable long term wealth for you and your family.By David Minsky LAFAYETTE La. (Reuters) - For six months, Catherine Cortez believed that her 30-year-old son, who died in March after a scuffle with police in Louisiana, had succumbed to brain damage from chronic cocaine use. Earlier this month, she was horrified to learn from an 11-page state…The Ferguson, Missouri police officer whose fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager has ignited weeks of protests testified Tuesday before a St. Louis grand jury hearing evidence in the case, according to a report in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Darren Wilson, who has been in hiding since the…Thailand\u0027s military ruler on Wednesday questioned whether tourists in bikinis are safe in the kingdom, in comments following the murder of two Britons whose battered bodies were found on a Thai island. David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were found dead on the southern island of Koh Tao on…A Florida woman charged with killing her 5-year-old son more than 20 years ago in New Jersey has pleaded not guilty. A lawyer for Michelle Lodzinski entered the plea during a brief court hearing in New Brunswick on Tuesday. Gerald Krovatin of Newark told the court his client adamantly maintains her…Sven Fennema, 33, captured the incredible shots, which include a forgotten villa and casino in northern Italy and abandoned churches in Poland. \"It is not possible to show these panoramic views as pictures in the classical way, because an interactive view is impossible. These are the stunning 360…Cuts to the nation\u0027s food stamp program enacted this year are only affecting four states, far from the sweeping overhaul that Republicans had pushed, an Associated Press review has found. As a result, it\u0027s unclear whether the law will realize the estimated $8.6 billion in savings over 10 years that…Hair salons are scrambling to keep you from learning about a new hair care company called eSalon. \"Hairstylists have written us angry letters...\"A Hong Kong tycoon has placed the biggest ever order for Rolls-Royce cars, agreeing to buy 30 Phantoms to chauffeur guests at a luxury resort he\u0027s building in the global gambling capital of Macau. Stephen Hung\u0027s $20 million purchase surpasses the 14 Phantoms bought by Hong Kong\u0027s Peninsula Hotel in…By Brendan O\u0027Brien (Reuters) - A woman convicted of the 2004 starving death of a nine-year-old boy is scheduled to die on Wednesday by lethal injection at a Texas state prison, authorities said. Lisa Ann Coleman, 38, would be the second woman executed in the United States this year and the 15th…King Richard III\u0027s Final Moments Were Quick \u0026 Brutal Richard III\u0027s last moments were likely quick but terrifying, according to a new study of the death wounds of the last king of England to die in battle. But Richard III\u0027s last moments were the stuff of legend alone, as the king\u0027s body was lost…The days may be getting shorter and the nights colder, but for politicians dreaming of a long shot presidential campaign, spring is here already. It’s the season of hope, new beginnings, and first visits to early primary states for this crowd, and one of the first out of the gate is former Maryland…California Sen. Barbara Boxer was absolutely shocked Wednesday that senators would aim angry comments at Secretary of State John Kerry, while he was testifying before committee about the U.S. “Thank you Secretary Kerry, for your tireless work,” she said in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee…Judge Thokozile Masipa is wrapping up the most famous trial of her career, that of athlete Oscar Pistorius for shooting and killing his then girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, on Valentines Day 2013.  Masipa has been repeatedly threatened for her findings in the trial and now, she\u0027s under police…We asked recruiting managers and career experts about resume errors that cause them to crumple and toss a resume - their answers may surprise you.A 16-year-old boy charged with stabbing 20 students and a security guard at his western Pennsylvania high school was granted a furlough to attend a funeral home visitation for his grandmother. The order signed by a Westmoreland County judge allowed Alex Hribal, of Murrysville, to attend the…The two sides in Scotland\u0027s independence debate scrambled Tuesday to convert undecided voters, with just two days to go until a referendum on separation. Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr A young girl holds a flag at a \u0027Yes\u0027 campaign rally in Glasgow,…The 48-year-old Palestinian woman\u0027s husband was shot to death in 2012 by militants in the Gaza Strip for spying for Israel. A mother of seven, she herself was jailed by Gaza\u0027s Hamas rulers for aiding and abetting a spy — her husband. The widow\u0027s account to The Associated Press gave a rare look into…By Maria Golovnina ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Al Qaeda\u0027s South Asia wing has claimed responsibility for hijacking a Pakistani naval ship and trying to use it to fire rockets at U.S. The SITE monitoring service quoted its spokesman, Usama Mahmoud, as saying a group of militants had succeeded in seizing…At least 15 children died after receiving vaccinations in rebel-held parts of northwestern Syria, while the death toll from two days of government airstrikes on a central city climbed to nearly 50, a heavy toll even by the vicious standards of the country\u0027s civil war, activists said. The children,…CBS and Rihanna are splitting up, more fallout from the Ray Rice domestic violence incident and the turmoil it has caused for the NFL. The network said Tuesday it was permanently editing a song featuring Rihanna\u0027s voice out of its Thursday night NFL telecasts — after the singer issued a profane…Black Book is an online leader in offering timely, independent \u0026 accurate used car values. Get trade-in value from Black Book \u0026 a new car price quote!Traffickers \u0027laughed\u0027 as they capsized boat to drown refugees Rome (AFP) - Survivors of Europe\u0027s most deadly migrant shipwreck in years have described the horrifying moment traffickers capsized their boat and left them to drown, as the EU cried murder and vowed to step up the fight against people…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistWed, Sep 17","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsTexas executes woman for starving boy to deathS.C. dad feared 5 slain kids would kill him: warrant\u0027Going crazy\u0027: survivors tell of Europe\u0027s deadliest migrant shipwreckTexas woman set to die for starvation of child, 9Warren Buffett\u0027s Advice To Become A Millionaire.Mother surprised to learn son killed by Louisiana policeCop who killed Missouri teen testifies before grand jury: newspaperThai PM questions if \u0027tourists in bikinis\u0027 safe after murdersMom pleads not guilty in 5-year-old son\u0027s death360 degrees views of abandoned buildings in Europe (19 photos)Only 4 states will see cuts to food stampsWhy You Should Color your Gray at HomeTycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royces for Macau hotelTexas set to execute woman convicted of starving nine-year-oldKing Richard III\u0027s Final Moments Were Quick \u0026 BrutalThe GOP’s 2016 Dark Horse: This Guy?!Sen. Boxer SHOCKED Kerry Withstood Angry Criticism In ISIS HearingPistorius Judge Under 24-Hour Police Protection After Controversial RulingFour Things That Can Send Your Resume to the TrashHigh school stabbing suspect gets funeral furloughScotland\u0027s vote for independence (27 photos)Gaza widow offers insight into world of spiesNew al Qaeda wing in South Asia claims major attack15 Syrian children die after getting vaccinationsCBS: Rihanna out of NFL telecastWondering What Your Car is Worth in California?Traffickers \u0027laughed\u0027 as they capsized boat to drown refugeesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":1,"second":53},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
