{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.An open phone line captured a confrontation between a California woman and her boyfriend, a fire official, which may have been the woman\u0027s last moments before she was killed, the Sacramento Bee reported on Friday. Police have been searching for 55-year-old firefighter Orville \\\"Moe\\\" Fleming since…The NBC journalist had broken her leg while hiking on a trail in New York State.The U.S. government has been trying for decades—and burning through billions—to replace Marine One, the president’s helicopters. Will it finally get it right this time?A Florida man shot his wife and two teenage children in the head, then scattered gasoline and fireworks around the mansion they rented before setting the home ablaze and killing himself, deputies said.PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Adam Scott\u0027s wedding was so secret that not even his guests knew about it.Two evangelical Christians who were supposed to host a new real estate show on HGTV have been ousted from the cable channel, after a website revealed that one of the men had made extensive comments condemning homosexuality. Twin brothers David and Jason Benham were set to host the HGTV show \\\"Flip…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m 16 and I need help. I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend, \"Bailey,\" for six months and things are complicated. She\u0027s very insecure, and it\u0027s hard to keep her happy for any extended period of time. I have thought about breaking up with her because I want her to be happy,…By David Jones NEWARK, New Jersey (Reuters) - A New Jersey man was arrested on Saturday and charged with stabbing his estranged wife to death and driving off in her car with their two young sons to a relative\u0027s home in South Carolina, police and prosecutors said. John R. Jordan, 47, of Lodi, N.J.,…The unidentified remains of those killed on Sept. 11 returned to the World Trade Center site in a solemn procession on a foggy Saturday morning. The remains left the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner on Manhattan\u0027s East Side shortly before 7 a.m. in three city vehicles. They were accompanied by…By Luiza Illie BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania asked Moscow for an explanation on Saturday after Russia\u0027s Deputy Prime Minister Dmitri Rogozin, reacting to being barred from its airspace, tweeted he would return in a TU-160 strategic bomber. Rogozin, one of the senior Russian officials sanctioned by…Jen Selter has turned photos of her sculpted derriere into a moneymaking career. But copycats, don\u0027t get your hopes up. It\u0027s unlikely this level of belfie success will happen again.Money Faker Made Virtually Perfect $20 Bills, Free After Only 45 Days in JailTAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A Tampa woman on trial in the slaying of her two teenage children while her Army officer husband was overseas yelled, \"Liar!\" at a psychiatrist who was testifying Friday that he had told her not to drink while taking drugs to control her bipolar disorder.A ruling by an Australian magistrate has awarded former janitor and current fast food worker/student, Chamindu Amarsinghe A$81,597 (over US$76,000) nearly three years after he found a huge amount of money in a sanitary bin in an office bathroom he was cleaning.WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton are in Oxford, England, this weekend to attend the graduation ceremonies of their daughter, Chelsea.Dozens of people rode their ATVs and motorcycles on an off-limits trail in southern Utah on Saturday in a protest against what the group calls the federal government\u0027s overreaching control of public lands.Scientists have discovered 14 new species of so-called dancing frogs in the jungle mountains of southern India — just in time, they fear, to watch them fade away. Indian biologists say they found the tiny acrobatic amphibians, which earned their name with the unusual kicks they use to attract…A court has convicted a stunning Saudi Arabian immigrant of a bank robbery spree in the Twin Cities—and she says she did it in the name of love.A Fremont, California, family plans to file a lawsuit against their nine-year-old son’s teacher, who slapped the boy twice during class.By Brendan O\u0027Brien MADISON, Wisconsin (Reuters) - After surviving two long, cold Wisconsin winters on the streets, Betty Ybarra traded freezing park benches and tents for a tiny house made of recycled wood she helped build herself. Her 99-square-foot home, which boasts flower window boxes, was…Sat, May 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedDeadly Va. hot air balloon crashBoy Scouts rescue TV journalist Ann Curry on N.J. hiking trailSt. Louis Rams pick Michael Sam in NFL draftPhone caught California woman\u0027s words before she was killed: reportBoy Scouts rescue Ann Curry after TV journalist is hurt on hiking trailObama’s $20 Billion ChopperMan Killed Wife and Kids, Set Home Ablaze, Deputies SayScott\u0027s marriage a surprise to even his guests\u0027Duck Dynasty\u0027 II? Brothers lose HGTV show after antigay comments publicizedTEENAGER\u0027S LOW SELF-ESTEEM DRAGS HER BOYFRIEND DOWN, TOONew Jersey woman found stabbed to death, sons found in South Carolina9/11 remains returned to WTC site (16 photos)Romania queries Moscow after deputy PM sends bomber jet tweetsThere’s Only One Butt Selfie QueenMaster Currency Counterfeiter Prints Millions, Says ‘Screw You’ to USFla. mom lashes out during trial for killing teensHonest janitor awarded over $76k after finding huge stash of money in a toiletChelsea Clinton to receive doctorate from OxfordDozens of protesters ride in off-limits canyonNew frog species found in troubled Indian habitat (7 photos)The Saudi Beauty Robbing Twin City BanksTeacher Slaps 9-Year-Old Boy, Then Slaps Him AGAINTiny houses a way off the streets for Wisconsin homelessComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":57,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
