{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Lisa Maria Garza DALLAS (Reuters) - A Fort Bliss, Texas, soldier beat his 2-year-old daughter to death after he became upset that she soiled her diaper, police said on Monday. Peyton Graham was found unresponsive with suspicious injuries in her father\u0027s apartment and later died at a hospital on…This step-by-step article exposes a ridiculously simple method to add $1,000\u0027s to your bottom line year after year.A man hiking in a heavily wooded area of northern New Jersey was killed by a black bear during the weekend, police said on Monday, in what experts called an extremely rare attack. Darsh Patel, 22, of Edison, New Jersey, and four friends encountered the bear on Sunday afternoon in the Apshawa…A letter from Hillary Clinton to the late community organizer Saul Alinsky in 1971 was published Sunday by the Washington Free Beacon. In it, Clinton, then a 23-year-old law school graduate living in Berkeley, Calif., informs the Chicago activist that she had “survived law school, slightly bruised,…Prosecutors say a Rutgers University student has died after she \"became distressed\" while attending a small gathering at a fraternity house. A preliminary investigation determined the death of 19-year-old Caitlyn Kovacs may be alcohol related.Joyce Hardin Garrard, 49, stands accused of forcing Savannah Hardin to run non-stop for three hours in February 2012. Hardin died from dehydration and low sodium, a condition common in marathon runners, Etowah County Sheriff\u0027s spokeswoman Natalie Barton said. Hardin suffered from unspecified…An Iowa man is charged with locking his girlfriend\u0027s five children in a bedroom for more than 24 hours at a time without food or a bathroom, authorities said Monday. Deputies who responded to a domestic disturbance at a Westgate home Friday found several children crying and yelling through a window…By David Schwartz PHOENIX (Reuters) - A 46-year-old Indiana man collapsed and died while trying to hike rim-to-rim with his two brothers at Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona, a park official said on Monday. Michael Sperry, of Valparaiso, was pronounced dead at the scene about half a mile below…A new site has made it simple to find the truth out about anyone\u0027s Past online. It\u0027s as easy as typing in a Name and selecting a State!Jihadists attacked an Iraqi army base west of Baghdad with six suicide bombers, killing 40 soldiers and capturing at least 70 others who fled, a senior army officer said Monday. Four suicide bombers detonated explosives-rigged armoured personnel carriers at the base in Saqlawiyah on Sunday, while…Three Afghan National Army soldiers who did not return to a training exercise at U.S. The men presented themselves at a border crossing near Niagara Falls, New York, said David Procopio, a spokesman with the Massachusetts State Police. \"We were notified this morning by federal law enforcement that…Lois Lerner says she is no Jeffery Dahmer. The former Internal Revenue Service official referenced the infamous cannibalistic serial killer as she broke her silence for the first time about last year’s IRS scandal. Lerner told the website Politico that she has been the recipient of threats and hate…By Joe McDonald BLOOMING GROVE Pa. (Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett said on Monday that police believed the survivalist suspected of killing a state trooper and wounding another was still hiding in a remote part of the Pocono Mountains, as an intensive manhunt entered its 11th day.…Fresh claims have emerged in Nigeria that Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau, or at least someone impersonating him, may be dead -- and not for the first time Rumours have been flying since last Thursday when the military tweeted that \"a seriously wounded high ranking terrorist leader\" had been…A group bridesmaids used their dresses and a mud run to celebrate the life of a bride-to-be who was killed in a car crash a month before her weddingJust take 1 look at this chart. You\u0027ll see why.An Algerian group linked to Islamic State jihadists on Monday claimed the kidnapping of a French national and threatened to kill the hostage within 24 hours unless Paris halts air strikes on the IS in Iraq. Jund al-Khilifa (Soldiers of the Caliphate) posted a video showing the white-haired and…Police say two women dressed from head to toe as ninjas broke into a home in an effort to abduct a 15-year-old girl, Salt Lake City Fox affiliate KSTU reports. The attack happened in the generally placid Salt Lake City suburb of West Jordan, Utah, late Thursday night. “I heard a creak, and there…Rob Bironas, who worked his way through odd jobs and the Arena Football League before becoming one of the NFL\u0027s most accurate kickers, died in a car crash. The former Tennessee Titans player died Saturday night when he lost control on a curve in his 2009 GMC Yukon Denali and crashed after 11 p.m.…Four Saudi men have been sentenced to death for their role in one of the kingdom\u0027s \"bloodiest terror cells\", official SPA news agency has reported. The agency said late Sunday that a special criminal court in Riyadh jailed \"as many as 20\" others for between two and 23 years for a variety of crimes.Millions of Sierra Leoneans emerged from their homes on Monday after a controversial nationwide lockdown during which more than 200 dead bodies and new cases of Ebola infections were uncovered. The west African country had confined its six million people to their homes for 72 hours in a bid to stem…The Republican Party’s top leader in Congress is catching flak for a comment that appears to call the jobless lazy – a comment that has rekindled an old challenge for the party: appearing insensitive or uncaring toward Americans who are poor or in financial difficulty. House Speaker John Boehner…Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels in the click of a button and never pay full price for your Vegas hotel again. Deals now available on trivago!Investigators found more than 800 rounds of ammunition in the car of the man accused of scaling the White House fence and sprinting inside the building, a federal prosecutor said Monday. The accused intruder, former soldier Omar J. Gonzalez, had been arrested earlier in the summer in Virginia with…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Sep 22","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsJury: Arab Bank liable in terror attacksDenver deputies on trial in street preacher\u0027s jail deathNearly 700 held or investigated in major Asia counterfeit sweepTexas soldier beat toddler to death for soiling diaper: policeLiving Paycheck to Paycheck? Here\u0027s Your Solution.New Jersey hiker killed by black bear : policeRead Hillary Clinton\u0027s 1971 letter to Saul Alinsky19-Year-Old Student Dies After Fraternity PartyWoman accused of running granddaughter to death to go on trialSheriff: Iowa man locked 5 kids in bedroom all dayIndiana man dies trying rim-to-rim hike at Grand CanyonNew Site Releases Everyone\u0027s Past Online!Jihadists kill 40 Iraqi soldiers, capture at least 70Missing Afghan soldiers found trying to cross U.S.-Canada border: officialLois Lerner Compares Herself To Jeffrey DahmerPennsylvania police ambush suspect believed hiding in remote woodsDead or alive? Rumours swirl again over Boko Haram leaderBridesmaids wear gowns to mud run to honor bride killed before weddingPlease Don\u0027t Retire At 62. Here\u0027s Why.IS-linked group threatens to kill French hostage in AlgeriaPolygamist Ninja Women Sneak Into Utah Home To Abduct 15-Year-Old Girl, Fail MiserablyFormer Titans kicker Bironas killed in car crashDeath sentences for 4 Saudis in \u0027bloodiest terror\u0027 cellS. Leone faces \u0027overflow\u0027 of Ebola dead as curfew endsBoehner says unemployed ‘don’t really want’ jobs. How bad a gaffe for GOP?Las Vegas Hotels from $34 a Night Available NowProsecutor: 800 rounds found in intruder caseComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":31,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
