{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) claimed Friday that it cannot produce Lois Lerner’s emails to and from the White House and other administration departments due to a supposed computer crash. The IRS previously agreed to hand over all of the ex-IRS official’s emails from 2009 to 2011 to the House…Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels to find the best deal on your Las Vegas room. Available now on trivago!There’s no doubt that Ferris Bueller’s Day Off is one of the most iconic films from the 1980s. Ferris skips school, goes to a Cubs game, drives a Ferrari, gets the gorgeous girl, and outwits Principal Rooney. That’s exactly what happened to 55-year-old Pennsylvania mom Eileen DiNino. Although the…Two long-range Russian bombers flew within 50 miles of the northern California coast Monday, but stayed out of U.S. airspace, a defense official said today. The incident began much further north when four Russian Tu-95 Bear bomber planes and a refueling tanker enter the outer...The Iraqi government wants U.S. air power to help stop the terror groups taking over their cities. It wouldn’t take long to deliver air support, if Obama gives the green light.LOS ANGELES (AP) — A substance-abuse counselor was sentenced Thursday to 55 years to life in prison for hitting a pedestrian with her car and driving through a Los Angeles suburb with the dying man on her windshield.The State Department announced on Friday that it has confirmed that Russia, which has repeatedly denied stoking unrest in Ukraine, sent tanks, rocket launchers and other weapons into the country.  The New York Times reports that \"a Western official said that the intelligence about the movement of…LOS ANGELES (AP) — The 2014 Electronic Entertainment Expo wasn\u0027t as dramatic as last year\u0027s, when Sony and Microsoft were battling for attention in advance of the fall debuts of their new game consoles, the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.WASHINGTON (AP) — The surge in immigrant children caught crossing the southern border in Texas that has dominated headlines and risks becoming a political crisis for President Barack Obama and Congress includes a new threat facing Border Patrol agents: reporters.PARIS (AP) — French police are warning young people about the dangers of a dare spreading on Facebook that has left a young man dead and another severely injured.Meaning both “destination” and “destiny” in Spanish, \u0027Destino\u0027 portrays the perilous journey of undocumented Central American migrants along the network of freight trains lurching inexorably across Mexico, towards the hope of finding work in the United States. It is the odyssey of a generation of…By Mary Wisniewski CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Chicago man who served almost 32 years in prison for murder and rape before being exonerated by DNA evidence has been charged with murder in another case, officials said on Friday. Andre Davis, 53, was charged with murder and kidnapping in connection with…The World Cup is underway in Brazil, voluteers pile onto trucks to join the Iraqi Army to fight Sunni Islamist militants and twin gorilla babies explore a birthday gift in the Netherlands are just a few of the photos of the day for June 13, 2014. Find more news related pictures in our photo…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a married father with a son 19 months old, and a baby girl on the way. While I couldn\u0027t be more excited about my daughter\u0027s impending arrival, I\u0027m unsure about whether there is a right time to stop doing things like changing a diaper or seeing my daughter unclothed because she\u0027s a…Challenge your brain with games from Lumosity.com, the personal trainer for your brain.The San Antonio Spurs blitzed Miami for their second straight blowout win of the NBA finals, their 107-86 triumph putting the Spurs on the brink of a fifth title. Kawhi Leonard scored 20 points Thursday for the top-seeded Spurs, who made the two-time defending champion Heat look helpless at home…Police in eastern India were searching Friday for six men who allegedly chopped off a 19-year-old man\u0027s fingers before pouring acid into his eyes following a minor dispute, an officer said. The man was recovering in hospital following the attack late Thursday in which most of his fingers were…By Jon Herskovitz AUSTIN Texas (Reuters) - Demolition crews on Friday burned down a luxury house that had been left dangling 75 feet (23 meters) above a lake when a decaying cliff gave out underneath the abandoned structure. TV news helicopters circled over the house, that once had an estimated…By Curtis Skinner WHITE PLAINS N.Y. (Reuters) - The great-grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller was killed on Friday when his small plane crashed in fog and rain shortly after taking off from a suburban New York airport, a family spokesman and the Federal Aviation Administration said. Dr.…Eric Cantor lost because hard-core voters think his kind keep selling out to Obama. The idea is insane as they are.US Secretary of State John Kerry criticized Sudan for sentencing a Christian woman to hang for apostasy, urging Khartoum to repeal its laws banning Muslims from converting. Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, who was born to a Muslim father, was sentenced to death on May 15 under Islamic sharia law that…Receive up to $250,000 in life insurance coverage for as low as $14/month. Policies customized to fit your budget. Get your free quote today!One Taliban leader met his end on the machine designed to shed pounds and strengthen cardio — causing his obvious omission from the list of leaders the radical Islamic group wanted back from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. According to a Foreign Policy report, Awal…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistFri, Jun 13Discover a safe, natural sleep-aid that is helping people of all ages get the best sleep of their life.No DUI? Drive less than 100 miles a day? You qualify for the lowest possible insurance rates offered in the U.S. Compare up to 4 quotes in minutes.The one-step wrinkle reducing treatment that is helping women achieve younger looking skin without spending thousands of dollars on pricey proceduresThinking of getting dental implants? There are critical things you should know before going under the knife for the perfect smile.This analyst has devised a strategy to instantly collect $1,200+ in \"dividends\" from anywhere, with just a few mouse clicks. Learn how she does it...","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFeaturedObama witnesses tribal culture, strugglesVA: Vets who got quick appointments were left out of auditArmy: \u0027No timeline\u0027 for BergdahlIRS: So… Our Computer Crashed And Erased All Of Lois Lerner’s EmailsCheapest Las Vegas Hotels Available NowThis Mom Died in Jail Because She Didn\u0027t Pay Her Kid\u0027s Truancy FinesRussian Bombers Buzz CaliforniaU.S. Aircraft Could Strike Iraq TomorrowWoman who drove with dying man on car gets prisonU.S. Confirms Russia Sent Tanks, Weapons to Ukrainian SeparatistsWinners and losers from the E3 video-game showAn Interesting Method to Pay Off MortgageBorder agents in Texas warned not to talk to mediaFrenchman dead, another injured in Facebook dare\u0027Destino\u0027: Photojournalist Michelle Frankfurter\u0027s look at the plight of undocumented Central American migrants in search of the American dream (13 photos)Jailed Chicago man freed by DNA evidence faces new murder chargePhotos of the day - June 13, 2014 (29 photos)DAD IS EAGER TO DO EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR HIS BABY DAUGHTERBrain Training GamesSpurs stun Heat, on brink of 5th NBA titleIndia man\u0027s \u0027fingers chopped off, acid poured in eyes\u0027Texas homeowner solves mansion cliff-hanger by burning down the houseRockefeller heir killed in small plane crash near New York CityThe Entire GOP Could Get Cantor’dUS condemns Sudan over Christian woman\u0027s death penaltySurprise Dad With $250,000 in Term Life CoverageThe Taliban Wanted A 6th Guy Back, But He Died On An EllipticalComicsBrand New Sleep-Aid Takes CVS by Storm2014 - Best Way to Cut Your Auto Insurance Bill!What All Women Ought To Know About Retinol CreamsDental Implants: What You Should KnowOne Woman\u0027s Strategy To Instant \"Dividends\"Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":11,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
