{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — A Colorado woman charged with kidnapping a newborn baby who was found alive after being left outside in freezing temperatures last week is being jailed away from the general population for safety reasons, an Iowa sheriff said Monday.House Republicans said Tuesday they will introduce a measure this week to extend US borrowing authority with no conditions attached, marking a clear victory for President Barack Obama. House Speaker John Boehner said he will now seek to pass a clean debt ceiling hike with help from most Democrats…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas. The number of international…An unnamed teenage juvenile was arrested by Norman, Oklahoma police for stealing nearly $30,000 from three area Walmarts.The first of four US high-tech destroyers arrived in Spain Tuesday to form a key part of a ballistic missile shield for Europe which Russia says directly threatens its security. The USS Donald Cook took up station in the southern port of Rota from where it will operate as an anti-missile platform…SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Alexei stops in his tracks as he sees a half-breed Labrador snooping around at a cafe\u0027s back door.Audi has confirmed that its superfast Frankfurt show car will be going into production as a standalone GT range. The concept car, built to celebrate the original Audi Quattro\u0027s 30th birthday, was an absolute monster in terms of potential power and performance, thanks to a 560PS V8 engine mated with…AMERICAN BOZO: A WOMAN IN GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN IS BEING ACCUSED OF SHOOTING AT A MCDONALD\u0027S DRIVE-THRU WINDOW BECAUSE THEY GOT HER ORDER WRONG.The White House is deporting more than 1,100 illegal immigrants per day. Why Obama can—and should—stop sending away would-be Americans.On the day Philip Seymour Hoffman died of an apparent heroin overdose, so did roughly 100 other Americans -- 100 lives claimed by heroin or some other drug. \"Everyone\u0027s talking about him, and we want to know whose phone numbers were in his cellphone,\" says Steve Pasierb, president and CEO of The…Washington Post: Surveillance Tape Shows Delta Force Grabbing Suspected Terrorist From TripoliMunich (Germany) (AFP) - Around another 60 artworks, including pieces by Monet and Renoir, have come to light at the Austrian home of an elderly German recluse whose earlier discovered art hoard is suspected to contain Nazi-looted works. The latest pieces were found at the property in Salzburg…DEAR ABBY: My 38-year-old son is mentally ill and refuses medication, counseling or any type of help. I\u0027m 63, and he physically and mentally abuses me. I had him committed, but he refused to cooperate, so they released him after two weeks. Life after that became worse. I have no time to myself…By Angus McDowall RIYADH (Reuters) - After serving for years as the main conduit for weapons and cash to rebels battling Syria\u0027s Bashar al-Assad, Saudi Arabia is shifting its policy to contain the spread of Islamist militancy at home, diplomats and figures close to the government say. Riyadh is…Did you know that your driving record is online? All those missed stop signs and speeding tickets are now online. Search yours todayMONEY: McDonald\u0027s announced sales dropped 3.3% in the U.S. this January, but rose 1.2% globally. Toyota will stop making cars in Australia in 2017. Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, were the most generous philanthropists in the U.S. in 2013.By Colleen Jenkins WINSTON-SALEM, North Carolina (Reuters) - A major winter storm threatened a wide swath of the U.S. South again, prompting hundreds of school and business closures from Texas to North Carolina on Tuesday and warnings for motorists to stay off the roads ahead of potentially…The Pulte family of Detroit made billions building houses across the United States. Now the founder\u0027s grandson wants to revitalize the city by tearing homes down.The world\u0027s wealthiest man Bill Gates would still pick up a $100 bill on the street, but he has no tips about how to get by on less than $100,000 a year. Oh, and the 58-year-old Microsoft co-founder says he can still leap over a chair, if it is a small one. Along with playful personal…US health officials closed down a spoof Starbucks coffee shop shortly after a TV comic revealed himself as the man behind the stunt, which drew media attention and plenty of customers. The \"Dumb Starbucks\" cropped up in a Los Angeles neighborhood on Friday adorned with the signature green logo and…A leading contender to become Paris mayor has proposed demolishing the imposing Tour Montparnasse, long derided as a blight on the French capital\u0027s historic skyline. Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, the mayoral hopeful for the centre-right UMP party, has described the 210-metre (690-foot) tower as an…Tue, Feb 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Seeking the light in dark DetroitVolunteers are rescuing Sochi dogs, smuggling them out of townGOP chooses \u0027clean\u0027 debt billSheriff: Suspect in newborn kidnapping in own cellRepublicans to offer condition-free US debt ceiling hikeCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Universities That Attract the Most International StudentsTeenage con artist accused of stealing nearly $30,000 from WalmartNATO gets first US destroyer for missile shieldVolunteers smuggle Sochi dogs out of townAudi Sport Quattro going from concept to realityWOMAN LOSES IT OVER BOTCHED ORDERObama’s Two Millionth DeportationThe Facts About HeroinGone in 60 Seconds: Video Shows Secret US Anti-Terror Grab60 more works found in German\u0027s \u0027Nazi art trove\u0027Mother Feels Imprisoned By Mentally Ill Adult SonIslamist threat at home forces Saudi rethink on SyriaAnyone Can See Your Driving Record OnlineZUCKERBERG GIVES HIS MONEY AWAYHeavy ice and snow threaten travel again in U.S. SouthMeet Detroit\u0027s unlikeliest home wreckerBill Gates would still pick up a $100 bill\u0027Dumb\u0027 US Starbucks closed after comic reveals stuntParis mayor hopeful eyes demolition of landmark towerComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":26,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
