{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"As people around the world partied their way into the new year, two mothers gave birth to two of the last babies of 2013 and two of the first babies of 2014.  While born just minutes apart, their twin babies entered the world in two...US actor James Avery, most famous as Uncle Phil in hit 1990s sitcom \"The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,\" died on New Year\u0027s Eve aged 68, his publicist said. With a deep baritone voice, Avery regularly played judges, professors or doctors in TV shows in the 1980s and 90s, as well as extensive voice work,…Our experts have put together a list of the best SUVs for great prices, starting at $25,000. Check out our countdown of the best SUVs for less!A Chinese man who tried to fly a hot-air balloon hundreds of kilometres to islands disputed between Beijing and Tokyo was rescued by Japan\u0027s coastguard after ditching in the sea, an official said Thursday. The 35-year-old took off from China\u0027s Fujian province on Wednesday morning in an attempt to…One hundred twenty-five years of tradition collided with change and controversy as the Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., today included a gay marriage ceremony on a float. The theme of the parade was “Dreams Come True,” and they evidently did for Danny LeClair and Aubrey Loots....AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Forget whether Hillary Clinton could win the White House in 2016. Women still have yet to run many statehouses, but in 2014 two Texas Democrats are going for a new kind of history: Winning as an all-female ticket for governor and lieutenant governor.Seoul (AFP) - North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un on Wednesday called for the construction of \"world-class\" structures, praising the speedy completion of his pet ski resort project.NEW YORK (AP) — \"Duck Dynasty\" star Willie Robertson chose not to quack back.An eyewitness to the crash told ABC11 that he saw the driver charged driving recklessly just minutes before the crash.HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Residents and emergency management officials in New England and parts of New York prepared on Wednesday for a winter storm predicted to help usher in 2014 with snow and frigid temperatures across much of the region.China\u0027s first aircraft carrier has successfully finished a series of tests during a training mission in the disputed South China Sea and has returned to port, state media reported. Last month\u0027s drills off the coast of Hainan Island marked not only the first time China has sent a carrier into the…DENVER (AP) — The nation\u0027s first recreational pot industry opened in Colorado on Wednesday, kicking off a marijuana experiment that will be watched closely around the world. Already, it is attracting people from across the country.Bortles throws for 3 TDs, No. 15 Central Florida upsets No. 6 Baylor 52-42 in Fiesta Bowl        A sophisticated, real-world study confirms that dialing, texting or reaching for a cellphone while driving raises the risk of a crash or near-miss, especially for younger drivers. But the research also produced a surprise: Simply talking on the phone did not prove dangerous, as it has in other…Nicklas Bendtner and Theo Walcott scored last-gasp goals as Arsenal edged Cardiff City 2-0 on New Year\u0027s Day to preserve their place at the Premier League summit. With former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in attendance, amid reports he is due to succeed the sacked Malky Mackay as…Cut down your stomach flab with this 1 weird tip. J-Io did it and lost 23Lbs!Shortly after the ball dropped Wednesday in Times Square, cleanup crews got to work . About 40 workers from the Times Square Alliance were ready with brooms and blowers to clear the confetti paper, pizza boxes, streamers, popped balloons and empty soda bottles littered on the sidewalks and push…Wimbledon champion Andy Murray warned of \"bumps along the road\" during his comeback from injury and his words proved prophetic as he began the new year with a stunning second-round loss in the Qatar Open. Murray led by a set and 3-0 and yet lost 3-6, 6-4, 6-2 to Florian Mayer, the world number 40…We all know that snowflakes are completely and utterly unique, but Alexey Kljatov takes that truism to a new level. His close-up shots prove each snowflake\u0027s individuality and provide an intimate look into their complex design.Sea ice stalled a planned helicopter rescue of passengers on a Russian ship trapped in frozen Antarctic seas Thursday, despite improved weather conditions that had raised hopes the complex operation could proceed. The Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) had planned to begin an airlift of…Google must really want Robert Scoble to stop talking about or doing anything with Google Glass. Scoble, who last year annoyed Google CEO Larry Page with his infamous Glass-enhanced shower selfie, has taken to Google+ to write that Glass is essentially a “doomed” product in 2014. Scoble’s reason…A former head of Rwanda\u0027s external intelligence service was found strangled in a hotel in South Africa, where he has lived in exile for several years, his opposition party said on Thursday. \"The Rwandan opposition is deeply saddened to announce the assassination of Colonel Patrick Karegeya in…Thu, Jan 2","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedAntarctic rescue effort finally begins2014\u0027s first big storm bears down on northeast USHospital: Former Israeli PM Sharon is criticalNew Year\u0027s Twin Babies Born in Separate Years\u0027Fresh Prince\u0027 actor James Avery dies, aged 6810 Best SUVs Under $25,000Japan rescues Chinese balloonist trying to reach islandsGay Wedding on Float Featured at Contentious Rose ParadeTwo-woman ticket in Texas goes for history in 2014N. Korea\u0027s Kim vows to build \u0027world-class\u0027 structures\u0027Duck\u0027 son Robertson makes nice in Fox interviewWitness describes horrific crash scene1st snowstorm of 2014 descends on New England, NYChina\u0027s first aircraft carrier completes South China Sea drillsSights from Colorado pot industry\u0027s opening dayKnights Knock off Bears 52-42 in Fiesta BowlTexting, dialing while driving raises crash riskSubs save Arsenal to keep Man City waitingJenni­fe­r Lop?ez: \"I Lost 83% Of Bell?y Fa?t\"After the Times Square party comes the cleanup (11 photos)Murray\u0027s new year starts with setback, Nadal throughSnowflakes as you\u0027ve never seen them beforeSea ice stalls complex Antarctic rescue bidGoogle Glass’s No. 1 fan already thinks product is ‘doomed’ this yearRwanda ex-spy chief \u0027murdered\u0027 in South AfricaComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":12,"minute":34,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
