{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.FITCHBURG, Mass. (AP) — The father of a 5-year-old boy who was missing for months before his body was found by the side of a highway apologized at his funeral Saturday, saying he wished he could have saved his son.Never mind the obvious hypocrisy from the ruthless regime. On some points, Kim Jong-un’s state-owned media is unnervingly accurate about America’s problems.Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.High school students in Kansas City, Kansas were shocked when their teacher flipped on a classroom projector that revealed a pornographic image.By Steve Quinn JUNEAU, Alaska (Reuters) - Two Alaska State Troopers, who have been featured in a reality TV show, were killed while investigating a report of a person brandishing a gun in a remote village, officials said on Friday. The two troopers killed on Thursday, Sergeant Patrick Johnson and…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a single mother of a 1-year-old boy, Zack. His father, my ex, has shared custody, but we don\u0027t have a very good co-parenting relationship. Shortly after I gave birth, he left me to be with a woman he had met while I was pregnant, and they are still in a relationship. She thinks it\u0027s…SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A Utah woman accused of killing six of her newborns and storing them in her garage couldn\u0027t recall exactly how many dead infants were in her home on the day she was arrested, according to documents made public Friday.Lucknow (India) (AFP) - An Indian politician hugged during a television election debate by a \"human torch\" has died of burn injuries, his family said Saturday. The politician died late Friday in hospital, his family told AFP, after suffering burns to 75 percent of his body when a member of the…CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — Jurors heard emotional testimony Friday from one of the sons of a Missouri woman on trial for allegedly shooting her husband in Wyoming almost 40 years ago.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Clippers coach Doc Rivers said employees on the team\u0027s business side considered not working for the franchise after owner Donald Sterling\u0027s racist comments were exposed a week ago.Family members and other supporters took a Nevada rancher\u0027s grazing rights fight against the U.S. government to the sheriff in Las Vegas on Friday, filing reports alleging crimes by federal agents against people protesting a roundup of cattle from public land. Rancher Cliven Bundy wasn\u0027t among…A Navy SEAL who worked in Central and South America has pleaded guilty to conspiring to smuggle drugs into the U.S. after he was nabbed with bricks of cocaine in Miami.A children\u0027s playground becomes a crime scene after 19 razor blades are found in San Diego\u0027s Bonita Cove Park, the latest in a string of similar incidents across the country. Jillian Kitchener reports.Near Slavyansk (Ukraine) (AFP) - Blood flowing from a bullet wound, the grey-haired man lies in the middle of the roadblock waving weakly for help as shots ring out nearby and thick black smoke from burning tyres curls into the sky. The sound of their mounted machine guns and the soldiers\u0027…Tanya Weyker of Milwaukee, Wisconsin has been fighting for over a year to clear her name and get her medical bills paid following a serious car accident with a Milwaukee County Sheriff’s Deputy.Hear what the experts have to say about this joint discoveryA U-2 spy plane caused a computer glitch at a California air traffic control center that led officials to halt takeoffs on Wednesday at several airports in the Southwestern United States and ground planes bound for the region from other parts of the country, NBC reported on Saturday. The computer…There’s one candidate who would make a whole lot of sense—and he’s got history and plenty of experience in his favor.Many U.S. parents don\u0027t place their babies to sleep on their backs, even though putting babies down on their backs is recommended to lower babies\u0027 risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), a new study suggests. About two-thirds of U.S. babies born after full term pregnancies are positioned to…\u0027I’m Mr. Sterling’s Everything,\u0027 She SaysAndy Raymond, a Rockland, Md., firearms dealer, found out how much some people who love guns and the Second Amendment really hate some guns, causing the owner of Engage Armament this week to reverse his plan to sell the Armatix iP1, the nation’s first “smart” gun. Gun control advocates, including…Craig Ferguson announced his plans Monday to step down as host of “The Late Late Show” in December. Ferguson broke the news to his studio audience, echoing a similar move by “Late Show” host David Letterman on April 3. “I’ve been doing this show for 10 years,” Ferguson said during the open of…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Other offers including double miles and 40k points or $100 cash!Sat, May 3","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedPolitics and Hollywood collide at \u0027nerd prom\u0027Biden: Immigration crucial to American innovationCalifornia Chrome wins Kentucky DerbyDad of dead boy, 5, apologizes for not saving himNorth Korea: ‘The U.S. Is a Living Hell’The Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterStudents suspended after teacher shows pornographic image on projectorTwo Alaska troopers who appeared on reality TV killed in remote villageBABY-DADDY\u0027S NEW GIRLFRIEND TAKES ON A MOTHERLY ROLEWarrant: Mom couldn\u0027t recall number of dead babiesIndian politician hugged by \u0027human torch\u0027 dies of burnsMan tells mother he hates her during murder trialAnti-Aging Creams of 2014Clippers coach meets with angry employeesRancher Cliven Bundy (14 photos)Navy SEAL Admits to Drug SmugglingNineteen razor blades found in San Diego parkBlood and gunfire in Ukraine army attack on rebel checkpoint‘Suspicious’: Sober driver arrested for drunk driving after deputy runs stop sign and crashes into her carJoint Relief for Ages 55+U-2 spy plane caused widespread shutdown of U.S. flights: reportReady for Hillary’s Running Mate?Many Parents Don\u0027t Place Their Babies to Sleep on Their BacksWhy V. Stiviano Is Donald Sterling\u0027s \u0027Silly Rabbit\u0027Death threats stop gun store from selling \u0027smart\u0027 gun. Why?David Letterman\u0027s Effusive Farewell for Craig FergusonCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months.ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":45,"second":44},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
