{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.LIVERMORE, Calif. (AP) — A young mother believed to be suffering from depression admitted to investigators that she stabbed her 7-month-old son to death in a Northern California park, police said Sunday.By Rosemarie Francisco and Manuel Mogato MANILA (Reuters) - President Barack Obama sat down for talks in Manila on Monday, the last stop in his four-nation Asia tour, hours after the United States and Philippine governments signed a new military pact granting a larger presence for U.S. forces in…Advance your public relations career with Kent State University\u0027s public relations master\u0027s degree. 100% online. Download free brochure and apply now!DEAR ABBY: Child abuse is epidemic in the United States. It occurs at every socioeconomic level, across ethnic and cultural levels, within all religions and at all levels of education. Every year, more than 3 million reports of child abuse are made in the U.S. Without intervention, about 30 percent…A powerful storm system rumbled through the central and southern United States on Sunday, spawning a massive tornado that killed at least 11 people in central Arkansas and another that killed one person in northern Oklahoma. (AP) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us…WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP) — A woman whose two young sons died in a bathroom flooded with scalding water while she was in a drug-induced stupor is trying to get her infant daughter back from child welfare authorities, saying she\u0027s turned her life around.SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Anger, frustration and calls for action echoed around the NBA on Saturday after an audio recording surfaced of a man identified as Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling telling his girlfriend not to bring black people to games.BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — A British teenager died in southwestern Colombia after he drank a hallucinogen during a tribal ritual and his body was left by the side of the road by two frightened local men, authorities said Saturday.The former Alaskan governor told the crowd at the National Rifle Association\u0027s annual convention that if she were in charge, waterboarding is how the United States would \"baptize terrorists.\"100% Online, NCATE \u0026 SACS Accredited. Complete in as little as 1 Year with No GRE or Thesis Required.NEW YORK (AP) — Burger King is bringing back one of its strangest advertising creations if you don\u0027t count its creepy King — the Subservient Chicken.By Alissa de Carbonnel and Thomas Grove MOSCOW/SLAVIANSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - Days before he was taken prisoner, the German colonel who leads the team of European observers being held by separatist gunmen in eastern Ukraine described his technique for working in dangerous hotspots. \"In a moment…RICHMOND, Calif. (AP) — Two small planes heading home from a show collided over the northern part of San Francisco Bay on Sunday, leading searchers to comb the water for a pilot after only one of the aircraft landed safely, authorities said.Fatally Stabbed Teen Remembered at VigilSouth Africans on Sunday celebrated 20 years of democracy with song, prayer and praise for those who guided their country into a more peaceful, tolerant era, although some noted that economic inequality and other problems have undermined the nation\u0027s promise since the first all-race elections ended…HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A teenager charged with stabbing a fellow high school student to death on the day of their junior prom is being held in a hospital under psychiatric evaluation where he will likely remain for two weeks, one of his attorneys said Saturday.Conviction. Creativity. Courage. Challenge the status quo to come up with a better way. This is the Mazda Way. Learn more.By Jim Finkle BOSTON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is rushing to fix a bug in its widely used Internet Explorer web browser after a computer security firm disclosed the flaw over the weekend, saying hackers have already exploited it in attacks on some U.S. companies. PCs running Windows XP will not…DEAR ABBY: I have worked in a pharmacy for 30 years, and every summer it\u0027s the same story. People forget their medication and leave it at home. Why do people not realize that their meds should be one of the first things they pack? Yes, we can call their pharmacist back home to get a transfer, but…CONAKRY, Guinea (AP) — The doctor has beaten the odds and survived Ebola, but he still has one more problem: The stigma carried by the deadly disease.CHICAGO (AP) — Rashad Harden, a house music and footwork pioneer who performed as DJ Rashad, was found dead this weekend of an apparent drug overdose, authorities said Sunday. He was 34.German politicians on Sunday condemned as \"unacceptable\" and \"absurd\" comments by former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi that Germans denied the existence of Nazi concentration camps. Social Democrat (SPD) General Secretary Yasmin Fahimi described the comments as \"repugnant, shocking and…A storm in the central and southern states has caused several tornadoes and killed at least 12 people. NCATE Accredited teachers college. Our competency-based approach allows greater flexibility where you become the focus of your education. Learn More!Mon, Apr 28","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Featured12 dead as tornadoes strike central U.S.Obama blasts Sterling\u0027s alleged commentsMissing plane\u0027s search area to be expandedCalifornia mom tells police she stabbed infant sonObama arrives in Manila as Philippines, U.S. sign security pactPublic Relations Master\u0027s OnlineHELP TO CURB CHILD ABUSE BY LEARNING ITS SYMPTOMSDeadly tornadoes strike central, southern U.S. (9 photos)NY mom wants baby back after sons\u0027 scalding deathsNBA probing alleged recording of Clippers ownerUK teen dies in Colombia after taking hallucinogenPalin: If I were president, \u0027Waterboarding is how we\u0027d baptize terrorists\u0027Master\u0027s in Educational LeadershipBurger King bringing back \u0027Subservient Chicken\u0027\u0027Open arms and smile\u0027 fail to protect German colonel in Ukraine2 planes collide over northern San Francisco BaySlain Teen Remembered at Seaside Vigil on Prom NightSouth Africa marks 20th anniversary of democracy (13 photos)School stabbing suspect is under psych evaluation2014 Mazda6: Changing the GameMicrosoft rushes to fix browser after attacks; no fix for XP usersMEDICATIONS LEFT AT HOME CAUSE VACATION HEADACHESSurvivors of Ebola face second \u0027disease\u0027: stigmaFootwork music star DJ Rashad dies in ChicagoGermans outraged by Berlusconi\u0027s comments on concentration campsTornadoes Sweep Across Southern States, Killing At Least 12Accredited Teaching Degrees with State LicensureComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":28,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":2,"second":38},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
