{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Annie James, a 14-year-old from Baytown, Tex., issued a handwritten $10 parking ticket to a police car parked in a fire zone in her neighborhood — and wound up with a reward.MONTROSE, Colo. (AP) — A small plane believed to be carrying five people crashed into a reservoir in southwestern Colorado and authorities say all are feared dead.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Monday that Republicans may have helped Russia annex Ukraine\u0027s Crimean Peninsula, delivering a surprisingly sharp attack just before lawmakers advanced a bill authorizing sweeping U.S. sanctions on Russia and $1 billion in loan guarantees to…This year\u0027s G8 summit won\u0027t be in Sochi, Russia as planned. And it won\u0027t include Russia at all, after the seven other world leaders in the group of industrialized nations decided to give Russia the boot. The seven leaders met at the behest of President Obama, and instead of Sochi, the now G7\u0027s…DEAR ABBY: My boyfriend, \"Caleb,\" and I have been dating for three years. I\u0027m sure he\u0027ll propose within the next few months. I\u0027m having a problem with this because Caleb\u0027s best friend, \"A.J.,\" will be proposing to his girlfriend in the next month. They should be able to enjoy their time and let all…Former Plainwell High School teacher Kelly Laker was almost immediately taken into custody after the judge read his sentence on Friday. Laker had been out on bond, but will now spend the next year behind bars.KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — It was the unwelcome, anguishing news that families of the missing had dreaded, and when they heard it from Malaysia\u0027s prime minister Monday night there were shrieks and intense heartbreak: The missing Malaysian Airlines flight whose fate was a mystery that consumed…Russian billionaire businessman Mikhail Prokhorov, owner of the Brooklyn Nets basketball franchise, said Monday he was transferring its ownership to Russia. As one of the richest Russians with assets abroad, Prokhorov could be vulnerable if the Western powers escalate economic sanctions against…If it\u0027s a special occasion or birthday, have a fantasy makeover party for your young girl. Get her ears pierced or have her favorite princess show up.“Bro, I did a double take. My heart stopped.\"By Darya Korsunskaya MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia\u0027s economy is barely growing, inflation is rising fast, and capital is pouring out of the country, the Economy Ministry said on Monday, a sign that international tensions around Ukraine are already inflicting severe economic costs. In February Russia\u0027s…The store denies it was staged in any way.KEY WEST, Florida (AP) — At face value, they are three old planes not worth much more than their parts and scrap metal. Stolen from the Cuban government during a six-month period ending in April 2003 — two by hijackers, one by its pilot — all three landed at Key West International Airport, a…The Walking Dead’s penultimate season four episode finally gave us our first glimpse of Terminus—but is the \"community for all\" a trap? Spoilers ahead!PHOENIX (AP) — A federal judge presiding over a racial profiling case against an Arizona sheriff\u0027s office chided the sheriff and his top aide on Monday for mischaracterizing his findings, telling them he\u0027s unimpressed by what he called their apparent \"double dealing.\"Did you know that your record in online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.Lakeland (United States) (AFP) - Detroit Tigers pitcher Max Scherzer, last year\u0027s Cy Young award winner as the American League\u0027s best pitcher, has rejected a long-term Major League Baseball contract offer from the Tigers. \"The Detroit Tigers have made a substantial, long-term contract extension…Luxor (Egypt) (AFP) - Archaeologists on Sunday unveiled two colossal statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III in Egypt\u0027s famed temple city of Luxor, adding to an existing pair of world-renowned tourist attractions. The two monoliths in red quartzite were raised at what European and Egyptian archaeologists…Consider these ways to cut your monthly costs in retirement: Eliminating your mortgage is one of the best ways to make retirement more affordable because it removes a sizable monthly bill. \"Freeing up equity in a previously owned home for use in retirement is essentially the end point for owning a…These photographs show the food chain in action as a hungry lion braved a river full of crocodiles to try and sink his teeth into a dead hippo. The photos were taken in the Maasi Mara nature reserve, in Kenya and show hungry lion braving a crocodile-infested river to get to an upside down hippo,…It\u0027s even better if the new city has plenty of amenities and recreation opportunities for retirees. Here are 10 places where median home values are less than $150,000. But median home values remain low -- just $135,100 in 2012, according to Census Bureau data. The median home value is a reasonable…Chinese and Australian search planes spotted several objects in the southern Indian Ocean on Monday that could be debris from the missing Malaysian jetliner. A summary of the latest information in the investigation:Super Promotion! MlCHEAL K0RS Collections From Factory Store, Enjoy The Discount And Style Now, Just For 24 Hours!Mon, Mar 24","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedWashington slide death toll 14; search continuesPlane\u0027s final destination determined through 19th century physicsLatinos appear sidelined in health care overhaulTexas teen gives police officer parking ticketOfficials: No survivors expected in plane crashAnti-Aging Creams of 2014Reid slams GOP over Crimea; Senate bill advancesAfter Kicking Out Russia, the G8 Is Now The G7Copycat Boyfriend Gets Some Growling From His GirlfriendFormer Teacher Sentenced For Sexually Assaulting Special Needs StudentMalaysia: Missing flight crashed in Indian OceanProkhorov says transferring Brooklyn Nets ownership to RussiaGirl\u0027s Ear Piercing, Makeovers and PartiesClown on Staten Island just generally creeping people outRussian economy grinding to a halt as Ukraine crisis takes heavy tollSurveillance tape suggests store is haunted (with video)Hijacked Cuban planes still caught in limboIs Terminus Full of Cannibals?Judge in racial profiling case scolds sheriff aideNew Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordScherzer rejects Tigers\u0027 long-term offerTwo more colossal pharaoh statues unveiled in Egypt10 Ways to Significantly Cut Retirement CostsLion fights crocs over hippo (12 photos)10 Places to Buy a Retirement Home for Under $150,000Latest information on search for Malaysian planeMlCHEAL K0RS Factory 0utlet 80% OffComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":47,"second":33},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
