{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Salt Lake City (United States) (AFP) - With 17 of their 25 children still living at home, breakfast is a military operation for the Dargers. As organized chaos unfolds at the family home in the Utah countryside outside Salt Lake City, the parents come to help out. The Dargers are members of a…Israel on Sunday denounced an Iranian announcement that it was sending naval ships towards the United States as further evidence that loosening sanctions on Tehran was counterproductive. The move to send warships to the Atlantic was announced by the commander of Iran\u0027s northern naval fleet on…Get a free entry for PCH\u0027s $1 Million a Year \"Forever\" Giveaway, and if you win, you get $1M a year for life! Then you can pass it on to a loved one!DEAR ABBY: I have an extremely bright 7-year-old daughter, \"Amy,\" from a previous marriage. Her biological father, \"Jake,\" and I separated when she was an infant. He lives across the country, so while we shared custody, Amy usually saw him only once a year. For a while I called him \"Dad\" when…2 sisters of Iowa state rep found dead in Pa. home in what cops are calling a double homicide        Rosa Khutor (Russia) (AFP) - Sage Kotsenburg of the United States claimed the first gold medal of the Sochi Winter Olympics on Saturday in men\u0027s slopestyle and hailed his fellow snowboarders for their band of brothers mentality. The 20-year-old said he would have been just as happy had either…Swiss voters will on Sunday decide whether to curb immigration by European Union citizens, in a referendum that risks igniting a row with Brussels. While opponents of the \"Stop Mass Immigration\" plan have stayed ahead in the opinion polls, their lead has gradually narrowed to a few points. …MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Scores of wildfires raging across southeast Australia in dry and windy summer conditions on Sunday destroyed homes and injured a firefighter, authorities said. Victoria state Fire Service Commissioner Craig Lapsley said 37 blazes were burning out of control across the…By Sharon Begley and Julie Steenhuysen NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hundreds of people with HIV/AIDS in Louisiana trying to obtain coverage under President Barack Obama\u0027s healthcare reform are in danger of being thrown out of the insurance plan they selected in a dispute over federal subsidies and the…Stefan Keller at the Australian National University in the Australian capital, Canberra, said the Methuselah star is -- in cosmic terms -- relatively close to us. The star catalogues list it by the number of SMSS J031300.36-670839.3.Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin, Seth Mnookin, and Dr. Richard Besser on the hidden heroin crisis.By Teresa Larraz Mora PALMA DE MALLORCA, Spain (Reuters) - Spain\u0027s Princess Cristina - younger daughter of King Juan Carlos - will appear in court for questioning by a judge on Saturday in a corruption case that has deepened public anger over ruling class graft at a time of government spending…NEW YORK (AP) — New York Fashion Week entered its fourth day Sunday with some big-name shows on the calendar ranging from Manolo Blahnik, known for his sexy high-end shoes, to Victoria Beckham, the British designer, former Spice Girl and wife of soccer star David Beckham.By Abdoulaye Massalaki NIAMEY (Reuters) - Thousands of supporters of Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou rallied in the capital Niamey on Saturday in a show of force against an increasingly well-organized and vocal opposition movement. Interior Minister Massoudou Hassoumi this week accused leading…Deep in the Mekong Delta, two Frenchmen have their heads buried in a sack of cacao beans. The pair -- co-founders of Vietnam\u0027s first artisan chocolate maker -- resurface, murmuring appreciatively. The sweet-toothed entrepreneurs -- who quit their day jobs to set up award-winning chocolate company…Play over 40 games designed by neuroscientists at Lumosity.com, the personal trainer for your brain.A wrong-way driver on a Southern California freeway caused a pre-dawn crash Sunday that left six people dead, the California Highway Patrol said. Police were investigating whether alcohol was a factor in the accident that occurred around 4:40 a.m. Sunday on the westbound Pomona Freeway in Diamond…Weather forecasters warned on Sunday that more gales and torrential rain were on the way -- with the onslaught expected to last into next week. The Met Office was warning that more rain, strong wind and high waves were likely to increase the risk of further floods well into next week, as river…Motorcycles, cars, tuk-tuks and the humble rickshaw dominate its traffic-clogged roads, but now the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh is launching a new weapon in the fight against chronic congestion: its first public buses in over a decade. Cambodia is lagging behind many of its Southeast Asian…The monster tech firms are stifling competition and consolidating their power while they expand into new markets. Like the old industrial magnates, they want to control everything.OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The showdown between the NBA\u0027s top two scorers turned out to be a mismatch.SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Picture this scene: Friday night, just before the opening ceremony of the Sochi Olympics, in what\u0027s called the \"presidential lounge\" of Fisht Stadium. In the hospitality industry, that phrase \"presidential\" is often thrown around with very little meaning.Sun, Feb 9","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Scandal may hurt Christie\u0027s ability to push agendaU.S. economy may be stuck in slow lane for long runCatholics support Francis, but many split on teachings: pollPolygamy thrives in UtahIsrael PM slams Iran move to send ships towards USPCH Has the Biggest Prize They\u0027ve Ever Offered!Absentee Dad Remains Object Of Young Daughter\u0027s Curiosity2 Sisters of Iowa State Rep Found Dead in Pa. HomeUS snowboarder Kotsenburg wins men\u0027s Olympic slopestyle goldSwiss vote on curbing EU immigrationTop Asian News at 9:30 a.m. GMTExclusive: AIDS patients in Obamacare limbo as insurers reject checks\u0027Oldest star\u0027 found from iron fingerprint\u0027This Week\u0027: Heroin CrisisPrincess Cristina to give testimony in royal corruption caseNY Fashion Week, Day 4: Blahnik and BeckhamThousands rally in Niger in support of presidentRaising the bar: Vietnam\u0027s luxury chocolate pioneersLumosity Brain Training GamesSouthern California freeway pile-up (5 photos)Another week of bad weather on the way, forecasters sayMove over, rickshaw: Cambodia launches public busesRise of the Monster Tech FirmsDurant scores 41 as Thunder defeat Knicks 112-100SOCHI SCENE: Thoughtful KarzaiComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":2,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
