{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Family Says Iraqi Terror Group Threatened to Execute Aid Worker If Demands Aren’t MetIn the market for a new car? Don\u0027t pay MSRP. Save yourself both time and money. Find a great low price for your new car before you buy.By Brad Poole TUCSON Ariz. (Reuters) - A 9-year-old girl accidentally shot and killed her shooting instructor at an Arizona range with an Israeli-made Uzi submachine gun when the weapon\u0027s strong recoil caused her to lose control of her aim, police said on Tuesday. They said that Charles Vacca, 39,…After being beaten by police officers during a traffic stop, one victim and his mother are now fighting against racial profiling and excessive forceGASTON, Ore. (AP) — Divers on Tuesday recovered the bodies of a mother and two of her children who authorities say drowned in a popular lake west of Portland.Signs the United States may strike Islamic State militants in their Syrian stronghold reveal a shift in the politics of foreign war in Washington, after the trauma of the post-Iraq era. A year ago, President Barack Obama was set to bomb Syria -- but balked at the last minute after sizing up…By Christian Lowe and Maria Tsvetkova MOSCOW/ NOVOAZOVSK Ukraine (Reuters) - On Monday, a resident of Novoazovsk in south-eastern Ukraine said she saw a column of armored vehicles approach the town and start shooting. \"Right now I can hear rumbling, explosions ... the residents are hiding.\" In Kiev…JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — A closed-door trial began Tuesday for the first of five janitors accused of raping a kindergartner in a bathroom at a prestigious international school in Indonesia that is facing a storm of controversy following more abuse allegations.Discover a safe, natural muscle builder that is helping men of all ages get back in shape fast. Try this brand new supplement and build muscle.MINEOLA, N.Y. (AP) — A New York City man who was high on marijuana and speeding at over 100 mph when he crashed his brand-new sports car into a tree on a Long Island highway, killing four of his friends, has been sentenced to 5-to-15 years in prison.A recent fashion trend with women in Qingdao, China, located along the Yellow Sea, is a locally designed mask known as the face-kini. Those who wear the mask say it helps to protect their faces from jellyfish stings, algae and the sun\u0027s ultraviolet rays. (Getty) Find more news related pictures in…What\u0027s thought to be an audio recording of the shooting death of Michael Brown has reportedly surfaced. According to CNN, an unidentified man, who has since been interviewed by the FBI, is said to have managed to record the incident in which Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson earlier…As Islamic State militants advanced in the Syrian province of Deir al-Zor last month, those who had held out against them faced a simple choice: beg for mercy or face certain death. Defeated fighters were required to \"atone\" or die, a choice set out in Islamic terms and implying that resisting…DEAR ABBY: I was engaged several years ago, but the engagement didn\u0027t last. We broke up and I gave him back his ring. We remain close friends, however, and hang out at least once a week. I have been dating another guy for a couple of years, and we\u0027re thinking about getting engaged. I am wondering…An elderly Missouri woman convicted of killing her husband four decades ago and burying his body in an abandoned Wyoming gold mine was sentenced to life in prison by a Wyoming judge on Monday, a prosecutor said. Laramie County District Attorney Scott Homar had sought a minimum of 20 years in prison…Rich Dad Education coming to the San Francisco Bay area: September 23rd - 27th for a free 2 hour seminar. Free gift for attending! Sign up now!(Reuters) - An Alabama couple has been charged with raping a 17-year-old relative multiple times in an unsuccessful attempt to impregnate her so they could keep the baby, prosecutors said Monday. Jeremy and Amanda Swann, both 29-year-old residents of Jones, about 40 miles northwest of Montgomery,…Bardarbunga volcano was hit by a 5.7-magnitude earthquake Tuesday as scientists eye potential eruptionBilly Crystal, left speechless by Robin Williams\u0027 death, paid tribute to his great friend and comedy brother at the Emmy Awards, movingly remembering him as \"the greatest friend you could ever imagine.\"Grown on plantations in the highlands of Kenya and Ethiopia, tons of khat, or qat, dubbed \"the flower of paradise\" by its users, are flown daily into Mogadishu airport, to be distributed from there in convoys of trucks to markets across Somalia. Britain, whose large ethnic Somali community…Doctors in India have removed the skeleton of a foetus that had been inside a woman for 36 years in what is believed to be the world\u0027s longest ectopic pregnancy, a doctor has said. The 60-year-old woman became pregnant at the age of 24 but suffered a miscarriage because the foetus had been growing…By Lisa Maria Garza DALLAS (Reuters) - A North Texas family, who discovered the skeleton of a 20,000- to 40,000-year-old mammoth while mining through sediment on their farm, is preparing to turn over the remains to a local museum. In May, Wayne McEwen and his family were gathering material from a…1 critical partnership is creating a mind-boggling growth opportunity for Apple. 3 charts explain what you need to know.Nearly 200 cabin crew have resigned from Malaysia Airlines following the two deadly tragedies which have hit the carrier this year, it said Tuesday, and some reportedly cited fears for their safety. \"Following the MH17 incident, there was a spike in crew resignations but the number has now…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistTue, Aug 26","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsReports: American dies fighting for ISILSerial stabbing suspect sues to be sent to IsraelPolice: 9-year-old girl accidentally kills gun instructorISIS Demands $6.6M Ransom for 26-Year-Old American WomanDid You Know Every New Car Has a Secret Price?Girl, 9, kills Arizona shooting instructor with Uzi in accident\"That\u0027s when I expected to be shot\"3 bodies of family members found in Oregon lakeIslamic State shifts war plan, US at \u0027tipping point\u0027Exclusive: In Ukraine, an armored column appears out of nowhereRape trial starts for Indonesia school janitorNew Muscle Builder Takes GNC by StormNY teen gets 5 to 15 years for wreck that killed 4The fashionable face-kini (9 photos)An Audio Recording of the Michael Brown Shooting Has Reportedly SurfacedIslamic State turns radical Islam on Syria MuslimsRING FROM BROKEN ENGAGEMENT GETS ANOTHER CHANCE TO SHINEWoman, 75, gets life for killing husband in Wyoming 40 years agoRich Dad Education San Francisco Bay AreaAlabama couple charged with rape in bid to impregnate girlIceland prepares for \"volcano from hell\"Billy Crystal remembers Robin Williams at EmmysKhat - Somalia\u0027s paradise flower (10 photos)India doctors remove foetus left inside mother for 36 yearsTexas family to part ways with skeleton of mammoth found on its farmApple\u0027s \"Next Chapter\" of GrowthTwin disasters spark Malaysia Airlines crew resignationsComicsRich Dad Education San Francisco Bay AreaFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":19,"second":16},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
