{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Krista Grubb never thought that working out with her 13-year-old son Mason Halye at the LA Fitness gym in Palm Harbor, Florida would get her membership revoked.Real-Estate Mogul, Rappers and an Actor Among Those With Clippers FeverThinking of getting dental implants? There are critical things you should know before going under the knife for the perfect smile.NEW YORK (AP) — NBC and TMZ are the latest to learn how the irresistible urge for a scoop, even for a matter of minutes, can burn a news organization.We’ve just found a new downside to owning beachfront property. The Smithsonian reports that a dead blue whale has washed up on the beaches of Trout River, a small town in Newfoundland whose residents are worried that its corpse is filling up with methane at an alarming rate. In fact, the 18-foot…DEAR ABBY: My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years. We live together, and his child from another woman lives with us. I love my boyfriend and his child, but one thing prevents me from imagining us being married: He has his child\u0027s mother\u0027s name tattooed on his body. The tattoo bothers me…CHICAGO (AP) — A 14-year-old Chicago girl accused of killing another girl in a dispute over a boy tried unsuccessfully to fire a gun before someone fixed it for her and handed it back to her so she could open fire, prosecutors said Tuesday.London (AFP) - Society beauty Cressida Bonas was not ready for life in the royal spotlight but remains on good terms with Prince Harry, British newspapers said Wednesday after the couple reportedly split.By Sanjeev Miglani NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has signed an agreement under which it will pay Russia to supply arms and equipment to the Afghan military as foreign combat troops prepare to leave the country, in a move that risks infuriating Pakistan. Under the deal, smaller arms such as light…Look at these credit card offers that allow you to transfer balances and receive 0% APR for up to 18 months. Compare offers from the leading banks!LOS ANGELES (AP) — A judge appointed an independent attorney for Paul Walker\u0027s daughter Wednesday to help determine who will raise the teenager in the wake of her father\u0027s death last year.Signs of destruction can be found all around Randy and Jerri Weaver\u0027s home in Vilonia, Ark., but the family and their unique house escaped from Sunday\u0027s monster tornado unscathed. (Yahoo News) See RELATED STORY by Jason Sickles/Yahoo News Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and…By Heide Brandes OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Oklahoma inmate Clayton Lockett died during a botched execution on Tuesday, minutes after a doctor had called a halt to the procedure, raising more questions about new death penalty cocktails used by the state and others. Thirteen minutes after a doctor…YOU MUST BE KIDDING ME: Wearing skin-tight body suits are the latest fashion trend in Japan.In the immediate aftermath of the 2012 attack on the consulate in Benghazi, Libya, the White House quickly jumped from questions about the cause of the attack to blaming the incendiary YouTube video promoted by Florida pastor Terry Jones. Last May, a set of emails was leaked by opponents of…Wants Apology for Being a Victim of \u0027Discriminatory Policy\u0027Did you know that your record is online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The bedroom of Victor Dwight Shoemaker Jr. is frozen in time, right down to his 1990s cartoon-themed bedspread, as his parents hold out hope that their 5-year-old son who disappeared 20 years ago Thursday is still alive.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Looks like George Clooney owes Michelle Pfeiffer a lot of money.While it’s well known that pregnant women have to be vigilant about what they eat, a new study suggests that what women eat before conception can play a major role even after the baby is born. For their research, scientists from the London School of Hygiene \u0026 Tropical Medicine took blood samples in…Long Island high school student Kwasi Enin will enroll at Yale University this fall after being accepted into all eight Ivy League schools. Here are excerpts from his application essay.WASHINGTON (AP) — Supreme Court opinions are rarely susceptible to the kind of fact-checking that reporters usually employ on politics. But Justice Antonin Scalia\u0027s hearty dissent in an environmental case Tuesday contained such a glaring error of fact — misreporting an earlier case in which Scalia…The Federal Aviation Administration issued a \"ground stop\" on Wednesday, suspending takeoffs at Los Angeles International Airport and other Southern California airports in a move that officials said they believed was a result of computer problems. The ground stop at the Los Angeles International…The travel industry\u0027s best kept secret is out. (HINT: You will want to book a cruise after reading this...) See How!Wed, Apr 30","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedPensacola, Fla., records single rainiest day ever\u0027Ground stop\u0027 at California airports blamed on computer failureGOP senators: Arm Ukraine, hit Russian banksMom exercising with son kicked out of LA Fitness gym8 Men Who Would Be Clippers OwnerDental Implants: What You Should KnowNBC, TMZ make wrong calls on Sterling racism storyA Canadian town is living in fear that a nearby dead whale will explode any secondBOYFRIEND\u0027S \u0027OTHER WOMAN\u0027 IS PERMANENTLY ATTACHEDChicago police: 14-year-old killed girl over boyNeed for break behind Prince Harry love split, reports sayIndia turns to Russia to help supply arms to Afghan forcesCan I Get 0% APR for Up To 18 Months? Yes!Court appoints attorney for Paul Walker\u0027s daughterTwister passed directly over Vilonia, Ark. family\u0027s underground home (11 photos)Oklahoma botches execution, raising questions on death penalty in U.S.BODYSUIT FASHION IN JAPANHere\u0027s How Newly Released Benghazi Emails Could Actually Embarrass the White HousePregnant Mom Booted From Planet Fitness Feels \u0027Broken Down to Pieces\u0027New Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordParents want son\u0027s 1994 W.Va. disappearance solvedClooney gives up serial romance for engagementWhat women eat before conception can alter baby\u0027s genes: studyExcerpts of Ivy League student\u0027s application essayScalia gets his facts wrong in EPA dissentSome California airports, including LAX, suspend takeoffsHow Cruise Lines Fill All Those Unsold Cabins?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":28,"second":50},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
