{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Witness Claims He Saw Fiery Debris But Planes See No Sign of WreckageWASHINGTON (AP) — Casting Barack Obama as a president run amok, the House voted on Wednesday for a bill that would expedite congressional lawsuits against the chief executive for failure to enforce federal laws.Florida Police ‘Ticket’ 2-Year-Old Girl Driving White Convertible A 2-year-old in Jacksonville, Fla., will have to start doing some chores now to pay off the $4 “ticket” she received Tuesday from police officers while driving her white convertible toy car around her apartment complex. The...FREEHOLD, N.J. (AP) — The lawyer for a man charged with killing his 2-year-old daughter by tossing her into a creek while still strapped into her car seat said Wednesday the real question for the jury is not whether he did it but whether he was thinking clearly that night.Hide your kids! Anti-gay conspiracy theorists warn that the critically-acclaimed cartoon is actually homosexual propaganda.The United States on Wednesday accused China of raising tensions by blocking two Philippines vessels as it urged freedom of navigation in the tense South China Sea. The United States, a treaty-bound ally of Manila, said it was \"troubled\" by Sunday\u0027s incident in which China prevented movement of two…An explosion followed by a fire at a pair of apartment buildings in upper Manhattan on Wednesday has left two people dead and at least 22 injured, officials say. The FDNY said it received a call shortly after 9:30 a.m. reporting a large explosion in the five-story apartment building on Park Avenue…A Japanese budget airline has flown into rough air over its decision to outfit flight attendants in revealing mini-skirts, drawing criticism that it could invite sexual harassment. Skymark Airlines came under fire from the cabin crew\u0027s labour union, which said the super-short skirt -- with a…By Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New Jersey teen who drew international attention when she sued her parents to demand they pay her tuition after she moved out of their house has decided to return home, but their legal battle has not yet been settled, attorneys said Wednesday. Rachel…A pregnant woman with a stomach ache turned out to have a serious pregnancy complication that was missed during her previous ultrasound exams: The woman\u0027s 32-week-old fetus was growing within her abdomen, outside her uterus, according to a new report of her case. When doctors examined the woman…By Phil Stewart and David Alexander WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia, locked in a standoff with the West over Ukraine, would be unable to thwart a complete or partial U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan even if it cut off access to Russian supply routes, a top U.S. general said on Wednesday. Asked at a…Amazon claims that a $79 annual membership for Amazon Prime provides free two-day shipping on \"millions\" of items, but for some products, the company is accused of encouraging sellers to inflate shipping prices, according to two recent lawsuits.Carmelo Anthony said Wednesday that he has heard Phil Jackson will be \"coming on board\" with the New York Knicks, the strongest indication yet that the 11-time NBA champion coach will soon be taking over the team\u0027s basketball operations.Ever wonder what your flight attendant really thinks of you? I have a number of friends who work as flight attendants. All I can say is that these people do not represent every single flight attendant in the skies, so if you\u0027re a flight attendant yourself, please hold your fire and don\u0027t shoot the…Nissan\u0027s well-known \"Z\u0027\u0027 rear-drive sports car that started in the 1970s still pulls at the heart strings of driving enthusiasts with its sporty, two-seat cabin, low-to-the-pavement stance, racetrack-ready stiff ride and strong V-6 power.This is the amazing moment a heroic hippo saved a gnu from certain death. After being bitten by a crocodile, the large antelope is seen being dragged slowly under the water. Captured whilst on safari in Masai Mara in Kenya, the exhausted antelope later managed to escape to safety. But in a…On three different dates, sentenced criminal James Olivos has failed to surrender and report to prison, claiming that he won’t get the right treatment for his morbid obesity.A Portland family was forced to hide in a bedroom and call 911 after they say they were terrorized by their 22-pound pet cat. “I have a kind of particular emergency here,” Portland resident Lee Palmer can be heard telling a 911 dispatcher during the...The gorgeous device you see pictured above is not The All New HTC One, but it does provide our best look yet at HTC’s upcoming new flagship smartphone for 2014. How does that make sense? It’s actually a dummy — an exact replica modeled after the real device that is used in display arrangements in…Simferopol (Ukraine) (AFP) - On the roads, at the train stations and the airport, a ragtag militia of pro-Russian forces is gradually squeezing the links that connect Crimea to the rest of Ukraine. They are there to protect what they believe is now all-but formally Russian territory from the…Thu, Mar 13","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Police: 2 dead as car drives into crowd at SXSWMalaysia: No debris at spot shown on China imagesGas blast destroys 2 NY buildings; 6 people deadMissing Malaysia Airline Plane: What We Know NowHouse backs bill to sue president over lawsFlorida Police \u0027Ticket\u0027 2-Year-Old Girl Driving White ConvertibleLawyer: Dad doesn\u0027t deny tossing toddler in creek‘Frozen’ Gay Conspiracy TheoryUS hits \u0027provocative\u0027 China move on Philippine shipsBuilding collapse in NYC (59 photos)Mini-skirt turbulence at Japan budget airlineNew Jersey teen who sued parents returns home: lawyersHealthy Baby Girl Born After Rare Abdominal PregnancyRussia can\u0027t thwart Afghan war drawdown, U.S. commander saysAmazon Accused of Cheating on Free ShippingCarmelo: Jackson \u0027coming on board\u0027 with KnicksWhat your flight attendant really thinks of youNissan\u0027s Z car appeal continuesHippo saves gnu from crocodile (11 photos)Convicted criminal says he’s too morbidly obese for prison911 Call Reveals Ore. Family Held Hostage by Fat CatNew leak shows clearest images yet of All New HTC OneMilitia squeezes out Ukraine\u0027s remaining links to CrimeaComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":14,"minute":18,"second":24},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
