{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.FITCHBURG, Mass. (AP) — The father of a 5-year-old boy who was missing for months before his body was found by the side of a highway apologized at his funeral Saturday, saying he wished he could have saved his son.Simferopol (Undefined) (AFP) - Several dozen Russian planes including what appeared to be strategic bombers and fighter jets have been spotted in the sky above the Moscow-controlled peninsula of Crimea, witnesses and experts said. According to Russian media, President Vladimir Putin is poised to…Become a cardmember today. Find a card, compare rewards and apply for an American Express card.MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — British royals Prince William and Prince Harry toured the home of the King — Elvis, that is — and then went to a friend\u0027s wedding during their trip to Tennessee.Never mind the obvious hypocrisy from the ruthless regime. On some points, Kim Jong-un’s state-owned media is unnervingly accurate about America’s problems.SANTA BARBARA, Calif. (AP) — This seaside city thought it had the perfect solution the last time California withered in a severe drought more than two decades ago: Tap the ocean to turn salty seawater to fresh water.There was “no conspiracy” behind the White House’s decision not to release an internal email related to Benghazi until this week, but a “very loud, delusional minority” is driving the Republican Party to politicize the issue, former Obama White House senior adviser David Plouffe said...RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A 16-year-old boy was charged Saturday in the assault of a young girl and the killing of her 8-year-old brother, who was apparently slain when he tried to protect her, authorities and relatives said.For hours, he and his wife listened to the animal’s cries for help. Then, armed with a knife, hammer and a flashlight, William Levin got to work. “The noises suddenly sounded different — they were louder, more stressed, and coming from inside the wall,” he...Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Other offers including double miles and 40k points or $100 cash!LOS ANGELES (AP) — Naya Rivera is still a Gleek.The family of a woman who was murdered is speaking out about her relationship with the suspect -- a Cal Fire battalion chief.DEAR ABBY: My husband tends to be a major clutterbug. We had an argument last night about him storing a set of encyclopedias. My argument is that we have never used them and never will, since they are \"dinosaurs\" in today\u0027s modern world. Any information can be looked up digitally. He was given…Family members and other supporters took a Nevada rancher\u0027s grazing rights fight against the U.S. government to the sheriff in Las Vegas on Friday, filing reports alleging crimes by federal agents against people protesting a roundup of cattle from public land. Rancher Cliven Bundy wasn\u0027t among…V. Stiviano says Donald Sterling\u0027s racist comments on an audio recording leaked to the public were not the first by the Los Angeles Clippers owner in conversations with her.NEW YORK (AP) — Coca-Cola is dropping a controversial ingredient from its Powerade sports drink, after a similar move by PepsiCo\u0027s Gatorade last year.Initial rates as low as 2.78% APR on 5/1 ARM. Complete your form today and compare offers for FREE at LendingTree:A cruise ship returning to New York from the Caribbean with 4,500 passengers on board had to be towed into port on Sunday after getting stuck in the Hudson River, the U.S. Coast Guard said. The Norwegian Cruise Line ship was moored in the river for about three hours due to problems with its…ELIMSPORT, Pa. (AP) — Two adults and three children were found dead Saturday inside a small cabin in north-central Pennsylvania with \"toxic levels\" of carbon monoxide in their blood, authorities said.By Matthew Miller BEIJING (Reuters) - Wang Jing, the enigmatic businessman behind Nicaragua\u0027s $50 billion Interoceanic Grand Canal, shrugs off scepticism about how a little-known entrepreneur can be driving a huge transcontinental project, insisting he\u0027s not an agent of the Beijing government. \"You…The Arizona mother of a small boy who was mauled by a dog is upset that people seem to be more concerned that the dog was given a “life sentence” in a cell than about her badly injured son. Kevin Vicente, 4, was attacked by...Odessa (Ukraine) (AFP) - More than 2,000 pro-Russian militants on Sunday stormed the police headquarters in the Ukrainian port city of Odessa, where 42 people died in clashes two days ago. In a bid to calm the crowd, police freed one of the detained pro-Russians, who emerged to cheers of \"well…ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Talk about some serious legroom.Hear what the experts have to say about this joint discoverySun, May 4","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Featured\u0027Delusional Minority\u0027 driving GOP on Benghazi, Plouffe aaysRick Perry leaves door open for 2016 presidential runAcrobats fall during Ringling Bros. circus stuntDad of dead boy, 5, apologizes for not saving himRussian bombers, fighter jets \u0027seen over Crimea\u0027Find Charge and Credit Card RewardsBritish princes go to Graceland, wedding on tripNorth Korea: ‘The U.S. Is a Living Hell’California city looks to sea for water in drought\u0027Delusional Minority\u0027 Driving GOP on Benghazi, David Plouffe SaysTeen charged in attack, child\u0027s death in VirginiaMan Rescues Baby Raccoon Trapped in WallCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months.Fox says Naya Rivera to remain on \u0027Glee\u0027Fire chief wanted in murder; victim\u0027s family speaksMAN HAS SPOT IN HIS HEART AND ATTIC FOR ENCYCLOPEDIASRancher Cliven Bundy (14 photos)Stiviano speaks about Sterling, recordingPowerade drops controversial ingredientMortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.78% APR)U.S. cruise ship towed to port after getting stuck in Hudson River2 adults, 3 kids found dead in Pennsylvania cabinChina\u0027s \u0027ordinary\u0027 billionaire behind grand Nicaragua canal planMom of Mauled Boy Says People More Concerned About the DogPro-Russian militants attack police HQ in Ukraine\u0027s Odessa: AFPMideast airline Etihad offers bed and bath suitesJoint Relief for Ages 55+ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":47,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
