{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"CLEVELAND (AP) — A northeast Ohio teenager who said she killed her foster mother in 2012 at the urging of the dead woman\u0027s husband was sentenced to life in prison on Monday.A new site has made it simple to find the truth out about anyone\u0027s Past online. It\u0027s as easy as typing in a Name and selecting a State!VENICE, Italy (AP) — The romantic canaled city of Venice has been the venue for 323 weddings of foreign couples this year. Only one has drawn crowds and paparazzi.SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A 34-year-old Southern California man was found dead over the weekend in Zion National Park after rising floodwaters trapped him in a narrow canyon that is home to one of the park\u0027s best-known hiking trails.CLAYTON, Mo. (AP) — A drug case involving an arrest made by the Ferguson police officer who killed an unarmed 18-year-old in a separate incident is on hold while a grand jury reviews the shooting.Liberia\u0027s chief medical officer is placing herself under quarantine for 21 days after her office assistant died of Ebola. Bernice Dahn, a deputy health minister who has represented Liberia at regional conferences intended to combat the ongoing epidemic, told The Associated Press on Saturday that…RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A forensic clue uncovered in the investigation of a missing University of Virginia student has led investigators to believe they have \"a significant break\" in the unsolved death of another young woman who had vanished from the campus five years ago, police said Monday, and…Ryan Case, the Emmy-winning editor and occasional director of ABC\u0027s \"Modern Family,\" took to Twitter on Sunday to hilariously document the drunken passenger in front of her on a flight.This step-by-step article exposes a ridiculously simple method to add $1,000\u0027s to your bottom line year after year.SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea\u0027s authoritarian leader makes no public appearances for three weeks, skipping a high-profile event he usually attends. An official documentary shows him limping and overweight and mentions his \"discomfort.\" What follows is a smorgasbord of media speculation…By Elizabeth Daley (Reuters) - A newborn baby was in critical condition on Monday after being shot in the head in western Pennsylvania while lying on his father\u0027s lap at home, an incident that appears to have been a hunting accident, prosecutors say. The infant, identified by local media as Thayne…By David DeKok HARRISBURG Pa. (Reuters) - Police in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, charged the parents of a 9-year-old autistic boy with homicide on Monday in their son\u0027s starvation death in July. Jarrod Tutko Jr. weighed just 16.9 pounds and measured 42 inches tall at the time of his death, Dauphin…Washington (AFP) - The mother of an American worker suspected of beheading one of several colleagues he had tried to convert to Islam has broken her silence, apologizing in a video posted online.LAS VEGAS (AP) — A weekend fire that tore through a North Las Vegas home with 93 small dogs — more than 15 times the maximum number of canines allowed in a house by the city — killed 45 of them and injured one man.By Dorene Internicola NEW YORK (Reuters) - Walking may never become as trendy as CrossFit, as sexy as mud runs or as ego-boosting as Ironman races but for fitness experts who stress daily movement over workouts and an active lifestyle over weekends of warrior games, walking is a super star. For…Chart #2 will absolutely blow you away.BEAVERCREEK, Ohio (AP) — A man walks through Wal-Mart, holding something to his ear as he passes a gun case. He leans toward a shelf and steps back into view, now holding a long, dark object — a gun? — as he walks past customers, who show no obvious reaction. Eight minutes later, surveillance video…On Sunday, in the second-largest Ukrainian city, Kharkiv, nationalists tore down an enormous statue of Vladimir Lenin to cheers from the crowd. Across Ukraine, people have torn down statues to the former Communist leader in a symbolic display of anti-Russian sentiment. (AP) Find more news related…AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — On a recent evening, two of Jordan\u0027s top pro-al-Qaida ideologues held court on the rooftop of a villa decorated with strings of lights. Sporting shaggy beards and robes, the Muslim preachers whispered to each other and rose occasionally from plastic chairs to greet supporters.PARIS (AP) — Mademoiselle North West is barely over a year old, but she\u0027s already commanding what fashionistas may have spent entire careers working toward: A front row seat at Givenchy.Venice (AFP) - George Clooney may be Hollywood\u0027s darling but it was his stunning bride Amal Alamuddin who lit up Venice on Monday as the pair sealed their marriage at the town hall to the screams of delighted fans.The aunt of Kevin Ward Jr., the sprint car driver killed when he was struck by NASCAR star Tony Stewart in a race last month, questioned why her nephew was drug tested, but not the driver that hit him, saying it seemed \"the wrong man was on trial.\"You\u0027ve never seen road signs as hilarious as these before! And they\u0027re real!VENICE, Italy (AP) — Wedding bands glinted under the Venetian sun on the hands of George Clooney and his new bride, Amal Alamuddin, as the heartthrob actor and the human rights lawyer emerged Sunday from the luxury hotel where they were married a day earlier.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Sep 29","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsW.H. fence-jumper got to East RoomNYC police chokehold death goes to grand juryEbola: U.N. opens headquarters in GhanaTeenager gets life in foster mom\u0027s stabbing deathNew Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Past Online!They did. They do. Clooney/Alamuddin wedding No. 2Hiker trapped in canyon in Zion National Park diesCase involving arrest by Ferguson officer on holdEbola outbreak in West Africa (109 photos)Police link 2nd case to missing Va. student arrest\u0027Modern Family\u0027 editor live-tweets drunken passenger\u0027s in-flight meltdownLiving Paycheck to Paycheck? Here\u0027s Your Solution.Mystery over N. Korean leader fuels health rumorsPennsylvania baby shot in head in apparent hunting accidentParents of autistic Pennsylvania boy charged in starvation deathAmerican beheading suspect\u0027s mother apologizes in video45 dogs dead, 48 alive after North Las Vegas fireWalking is the superfood of fitness, experts sayApple\u0027s Next Big Thing Isn\u0027t What You Think It IsCaught in the act? Videos of police can misleadUkrainian nationalists tear down enormous statue of Vladimir Lenin (9 photos)Battle against Islamic State creates new alliancesNorth West gets own seat at Givenchy next to momMrs Clooney outshines new hubby as wedding is made officialWard\u0027s Aunt Says Stewart Grand Jury Put \u0027Wrong Man on Trial\u0027FUNNY (and Real!) Road Signs!Clooney, wife make newlywed appearance in VeniceComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":39,"second":11},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
