{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.WASHINGTON (AP) — Monica Lewinsky says there\u0027s no question her boss — Bill Clinton — \"took advantage\" of her when he was president.After a stranger told Cerra Swetman, “You don\u0027t look like a Hooter\u0027s girl I\u0027ve ever seen,” she decided to do something about her weight.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.How tight is San Francisco’s housing market? So tight that the landlord of a rent controlled apartment building at 312 Fillmore Street has sent a memo to his existing tenants, telling them they must show they have an annual income of at least $100,000 and a FICO credit score of at least 725.Or…PRETORIA, South Africa (AP) — Oscar Pistorius was accused of making a \"sinister\" comment to a friend of Reeva Steenkamp in the courtroom Tuesday after his murder trial was adjourned for the day. Pistorius denied the allegation.Reunions at the Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia, held since 1992, give former inmates a chance to describe their experiences in question-and-answer sessions with the public. The 980-cell Gothic-style prison, where massive gargoyles sit menacingly above its high-walled stone entrance,…Retired Baseball Manager Wasn\u0027t Surprised by Donald Sterling\u0027s RantsIsrael spies on the United States more than any other ally does and these activities have reached an alarming level, Newsweek magazine reported on Tuesday. The main targets are US industrial and technical secrets, the weekly said, quoting classified briefings on legislation that would make it…A Spanish island has summoned world experts to help it stamp out an invasion of white snakes that threaten to eat all its rare lizards, a conservationist said Tuesday. Rangers on Gran Canaria, the biggest of Spain\u0027s Canary Islands, have killed thousands of Californian Kingsnakes, which have spawned…Thinking of getting dental implants? There are critical things you should know before going under the knife for the perfect smile.As Ukraine responds to a Russian stealth invasion, few countries can empathize. But the republic of Georgia has been there before, in 2008. And it’s got some advice for Kiev.GYPSUM, Colo. (AP) — A 13-year-old boy in a small Colorado town is accused of shooting his father twice in the head and trying to conceal the slaying for days by telling the man\u0027s employer his father was sick, authorities said Tuesday.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m the happily married mother of two teenage boys. The other day I overheard my older son (age 17) talking with a friend about \"twerking.\" I have never heard of it and now I\u0027m worried. Is twerking a drug term? Is it similar to \"tripping,\" \"getting high\" or \"catfishing\"? My 17-year-old…Sharon Lewis received an early Mother’s Day gift this week, getting to take her triplet boys, born on March 18, home to join the rest of their family.At least three US Navy P-3 Orion surveillance planes were crushed \"beyond repair\" when unusually heavy snowfall swept across Japan in February, a US military daily reported Wednesday. The planes were inside a contractor\u0027s hangar near the US Navy air facility in Atsugi, west of Tokyo, the Pacific…By Lindsay Dunsmuir NEW YORK (Reuters) - A dead 45-foot female whale found in New York Harbor Monday morning was hit by a cruise ship that got stuck in the Hudson River over the weekend, authorities said on Tuesday. The Norwegian Cruise Line ship, returning to New York after a seven-day tour of the…Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.DETROIT (AP) — Electric car maker Tesla Motors lost $49.8 million in the first quarter as it accelerated the development of its new crossover and made improvements to its Model S sedan.Saurabh Das was born in Durgapur, West Bengal, India, and got his Bachelor of Arts in English at the University of Calcutta. He is currently based in New Delhi, India. He began his photojournalism career in New Delhi, first for the daily Asian Age, then for the AP. Das then spent four years in…Two months into her pregnancy, saleswoman Kimberly Erin Caselman told her bosses at Pier 1 that she was going to have a second child and that she intended to work during her pregnancy, but that her obstetrician recommended she not lift heavy objects or climb ladders. According to Caselman’s…TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — The ex-husband of a military wife charged with killing their two teenagers testified Tuesday that after the slayings, she looked at him and made a chilling statement.JERUSALEM (AP) — An Israeli archaeologist says he has found the legendary citadel captured by King David in his conquest of Jerusalem, rekindling a longstanding debate about using the Bible as a field guide to identifying ancient ruins.Someone claiming to be a real estate agent in Ocean City, New Jersey, mailed an angry and anonymous letter to an older couple because they choose to park their car on their own front lawn.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Other offers including double miles and 40k points or $100 cash!Wed, May 7","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Police: Fire at Florida home was arson; 4 deadPussy Riot’s lost weekend in WashingtonScientists find the Black Death had a silver liningMonica Lewinsky opens up on affair with ClintonAfter mean crack about wearing a Hooters t-shirt, overweight woman loses 100+ pounds and becomes Hooters waitressAnti-Aging Creams of 2014San Francisco Tenants Get Chilling Letter From LandlordPistorius allegedly made sinister remark in courtPrison reunion (24 photos)Tommy Lasorda Hopes V. Stiviano \u0027Gets Hit With a Car\u0027Israeli spying on US at \u0027alarming level\u0027Spanish island fights snake invasionDental Implants: What You Should KnowWhat to Do When Russia Invades Your Land13-year-old Colorado boy accused of killing father\u0027TWERKING\u0027 ISN\u0027T DANGEROUS, JUST THE LATEST DANCE FAD47-year-old woman gives birth to naturally conceived triplets, doctor calls it a ‘miracle’\u0027Three US navy planes crushed in Japan snow\u0027U.S. cruise ship stranded in NY\u0027s Hudson River hit a whaleThe Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterTesla loses $50 million in 1Q as costs risePhotographer Saurabh Das (46 photos)This Pregnant Woman Was Forced to Take All Her Maternity Leave Before Her Baby Was Even BornEx-husband on stand in case of mom shooting kidsIsraeli says he has found King David\u0027s citadelReal estate agent mails angry letter to older couple who park on their own lawnCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months.ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":23,"second":11},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
