{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.PLEASANT GROVE, Utah (AP) — Megan Huntsman was clear about what she did with six of her newborn babies.ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Two parolees raped and killed at least four women while wearing GPS trackers, and there may be more victims, a California police chief alleged Monday.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.We’re just hours away from witnessing the first of a super-rare tetrad of “blood moon” eclipses but it might start a little too late for those of us who want to watch it on the east coast. As NPR tells us, the moon will start turning blood-red at 1 a.m. ET and won’t peak for another couple of hours…Presidents Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin confronted one another in telephone talks Monday as a standoff over Ukraine escalated after the CIA chief visited Kiev and a Russian war plane \"buzzed\" a US destroyer. Washington said it was consulting European allies and hinted that more sanctions on…Dunedin (New Zealand) (AFP) - Royal watchers were scrutinising the duchess of Cambridge on her New Zealand tour Sunday, after husband Prince William appeared to hint a second baby is on the way. Kate, however, looked to dampen the speculation by drinking wine and going on a jet boat ride, neither…Florida’s St. Lucie County School Board officially fired veteran teacher Dru Dehart after their investigation found that she encouraged six 8th grade students to beat up 7th grader Radravious Williams, WPTV NewsChannel 5 reports.COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — Clemson quarterback Chad Kelly was dismissed from the team Monday, two days after he was benched for the second half of the spring game for disagreeing with coaches over whether to go for it on fourth down.Police say an explosion that ripped through a busy bus station in Nigeria\u0027s capital has killed at least 71 people and wounded 124. Police spokesman Frank Mba says Monday\u0027s blast destroyed 16 luxury coaches and 24 minibuses. There was only believed to be one blast with secondary explosions as…Did you know that your record in online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.WASHINGTON (AP) — A Russian fighter jet made multiple, close-range passes near an American warship in the Black Sea for more than 90 minutes Saturday amid escalating tensions in the region, U.S. military officials said Monday.The world is still no closer to understanding what led to the Boston Marathon bombings. The widow of Tamerlan Tsarnaev could unlock some of that mystery -- but she, too, remains a mystery.Birmingham launched a probe Monday into an alleged hardline Muslim plot to take control of schools. The city council said it had appointed a chief adviser to examine at least 200 complaints as the investigation widened to 25 schools from an initial four.A Russian fighter jet made several passes at low altitude near a US destroyer cruising in international waters in the Black Sea at the weekend, the Pentagon said Monday, branding it \"provocative and unprofessional.\" The incident close to the Romanian coast further heightens tensions already…In the year since two bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, Adrianne Haslet-Davis has become one of the most recognizable survivors. The dancer, who had her left leg amputated mid-calf, vowed she would dance again, and did, dancing a rumba at the Technology, Entertainment, and…WASHINGTON (AP) — LeBron James\u0027 only visible significant role was that of postgame heckler, interrupting Michael Beasley\u0027s interview amid a loose, upbeat locker room that normally wouldn\u0027t jibe with a 21-point loss — or throwing in a towel in the race for a No. 1 seed.Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.PERTH, Australia (AP) — The search area for the missing Malaysian jet has proved too deep for a robotic submarine which was hauled back to the surface of the Indian Ocean less than half way through its first seabed hunt for wreckage and the all-important black boxes, authorities said on Tuesday.A bully is punished in Ohio, Pro-Russian protestors in Ukraine and the Pope greets the faithful on Palm Sunday are just a few of our photos of the day for April 13, 2014. Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr.Manny Pacquiao avenged his loss to Timothy Bradley in convincing style on Saturday, and said he\u0027s ready any time to negotiate the bout with Floyd Mayweather that fight fans crave. The win rectified what most saw as a grave miscarriage in their first fight in 2012, when Bradley was awarded a split…The First of 4 Total Lunar Eclipses Starts at 12:53 AMTerri Frana Recovering after Suffering Puncture Wounds and 40 Stitches to HeadOn Monday, a judge issued a tentative ruling ordering Katherine Jackson to pay more than $800,000 to AEG Live for trial fees. Jackson sued AEG Live for negligently hiring Conrad Murray. After a five-month trial, a jury did not find AEG negligent.You work hard for your money, right? Let banks work hard for your business. Get up to 5 mortgage quotes online in minutes.Mon, Apr 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedMini-sub tries again in search for MH370Lunar eclipse facts: 5 neat things about tonight\u0027s \u0027blood moon\u0027Obama takes no-nonsense approach to Putin phone callPolice: Utah mom admitted to killing her 6 babiesChief: Suspects wore GPS devices during killingsAnti-Aging Creams of 2014Here’s when to watch tonight’s rare ‘blood moon’ eclipseObama confronts Putin in call as crisis escalatesWilliam fuels speculation of second royal babyTeacher who ‘ordered a hit’ on 7th grader gets firedClemson dismisses QB Kelly after sideline argumentBlast in Nigerian capital (21 photos)New Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordAPNewsBreak: Russian jet passes near US warshipThe mystery of Tamerlan Tsarnaev\u0027s widowBirmingham probes Muslim takeover of schools \u0027plot\u0027Russia fighter jet buzzed US destroyer: PentagonBoston bombing: why survivor walked off \u0027Meet the Press\u0027Heat lose 114-93 to Wizards; Pacers get top seedThe Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterMalaysia jet search area too deep for submarinePhotos of the day - April 13, 2014 (26 photos)Pacquiao targets Mayweather in fight all fans craveDon\u0027t Miss Rare \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Lunar Eclipse TonightBlack Bear Mauls Florida Woman, Drags Her Out of GarageMICHAEL JACKSON\u0027S FAMILY TO PAY FOR TRIALLooking to Lower Your Mortgage Payment?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":44,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
