{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Bernie Woodall CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee said on Wednesday he has been \"assured\" that if workers at the Volkswagen AG plant in his hometown of Chattanooga reject United Auto Worker representation, the company will reward the plant with a new product…WASHINGTON (AP) — Texas Sen. Ted Cruz sat with eyes glued to his mobile device as the chaos he provoked ensnared his Republican leaders on the Senate floor.Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. We have the definitive list of the 10 coolest cars that will keep you wondering how they are less than $18,000.DEAR ABBY: Last August my husband and I allowed our son\u0027s 17-year-old girlfriend, \"Lindsay,\" to move into our home from out of state because she needs to live here for a year to establish residency for school. She\u0027s a wonderful girl, mature, social and helpful. My problem is my other sons (ages 18…Armed forces chief of staff General Hassan Firouzabadi has warned the Islamic republic\u0027s arch-foes that Iran is prepared for a \"decisive battle\" if attacked, Fars news agency reported on Wednesday. \"We are ready for the decisive battle with America and the Zionist regime (Israel),\" Fars quoted…In celebration of Black History Month, we take a look at some of the African-American women who were pioneers in their field. Whether it was business or entertainment, they crossed both racial and gender boundaries and continue to inspire today. Here’s a look at a few. Find more news related…By Greg Torode HONG KONG (Reuters) - When Philippine President Benigno Aquino compared China to the Germany of 1938 and called for global support as his country battles Beijing\u0027s claims in the South China Sea, he put the focus on a case that Manila has filed in an international court. The…Administrators on the main campus of Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J. have suspended a renowned anthropology professor because he told students that he knows nothing about the subject matter in a course school officials assigned him to teach. The professor, Robert Trivers, had objected to…Detectives read Philip Seymour Hoffman\u0027s journals to see if they contained suicidal thoughts or chronicles of drug activites.        For the last six weeks, those living in India’s northeast states have been looking over their shoulders whenever they venture outside: Since Dec. 29, a tigress has killed 10 people, eluding determined hunters at every step of its murderous spree. Unfortunately, this relocation program didn’t come…WESTMINSTER, Calif. (AP) — Two women accused of pummeling and kicking a 23-year-old woman who died after a fight outside a California nightclub that was captured on cellphone videos were ordered Tuesday to stand trial on murder charges.NEW YORK (AP) — Scientists say they\u0027ve taken a key step toward harnessing nuclear fusion as a new way to generate power, an idea that has been pursued for decades.The castaway who survived 13 months adrift in the Pacific cried for help as several ships passed by during his ordeal, ignoring his pleas. As Salvadoran Health Minister Maria Isabel Rodriguez relayed a new chapter in Jose Salvador Alvarenga\u0027s amazing tale Wednesday, the fisherman urged journalists…The city of Aleppo was quickly falling out of the hands of antigovernment rebels, and it was my job to get into the city and tell the story. Along with a photographer and a security adviser, we sneaked across the Turkish border and made our way into a city where conditions were quickly…By Eric M. Johnson SEATTLE (Reuters) - Construction workers digging in a Seattle neighborhood have found the curved tusk of a mammoth, an ancient elephant relative that inhabited North America at least 10,000 years ago during the Ice Age. Seattle\u0027s Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture said…Get unlimited streaming to you favorite device. Watch TV shows and movies anywhere, any time. Start your free month of streaming now.Manchester United manager David Moyes wants his players to draw inspiration from the club\u0027s history as they attempt to resurrect their imperilled bid for a Champions League place. United were held to a 0-0 draw at Arsenal on Tuesday and their disappointment was compounded by the news that…ABC News’ Rich McHugh reports: Imagine growing up as an adopted child, and at age 25 getting at Facebook message from a stranger who looks exactly like you. That’s what happened to Samantha Futerman, an actress living in Los Angeles. “On February 1st, 2013, I...From rooms kitted out like medical clinics where couples can play \"doctors and nurses\" to grottos where it is permanently Christmas, Japan\u0027s \"Love Hotels\" cater to almost every taste, offering a few hours of reasonably-priced privacy in a crowded country. One weekday lunchtime at Two-Way, one of…You’d be forgiven for believing this artists work is a series of black and white photographs - but they’re actually created using smoke. Michael Fennell, 43, became interested in smoke as an art tool around 15 years ago, having initially become intrigued by the marks carbon made on his studio…John Cena is not just the champion of the squared circle. The athlete is also a champ when it comes to making kids’ wishes come true.Thirteen Utah gay rights activists were arrested on Monday at the state Capitol after a sit-in to demand lawmakers hear a bill barring housing and job discrimination based on sexual orientation, authorities said. About 20 activists, buoyed by a court ruling that briefly legalized same-sex marriage…Thu, Feb 13","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"In New York, real populism and real choicesComcast to buy Time Warner Cable for $45 billionKentucky gas explosion injures 2, destroys homesU.S. senator drops bombshell during VW plant union voteCruz\u0027s demands ensnares GOP leaders on debt vote10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Girlfriend Staying As Family\u0027s Guest Deserves More RespectIran warns ready for \u0027decisive\u0027 battle with US, IsraelCelebrating Black History Month: African-American female firsts (60 photos)For South China Sea claimants, a legal venue to battle ChinaRutgers makes professor teach class he is clueless about, suspends him for telling studentsPhilip Seymour Hoffman\u0027s Diary Entries RevealedMan-Eating Tiger Claims 10th Victim in India2 women to stand trial in nightclub killingNuclear fusion project takes key step in lab testSalvadoran castaway says ships ignored cries for helpI Survived the Bombs and Gunfire of Aleppo, but Syria Is in ShamblesConstruction crews uncover tusk of Ice Age mammoth in SeattleWatch TV Shows and Movies on Your Favorite DeviceMoyes looks to past for United inspirationTwins Separated at Birth Find Each Other On Different ContinentsJapan\u0027s Love Hotels see business boomingSmoke artist Michael Fennell (15 photos)John Cena Grants 400th Request for \u0027Make-a-Wish\u0027Gay rights activists arrested in Utah (12 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":9,"minute":10,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
