{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: My husband, \"George,\" and I have been married for 13 years. Last night he dropped a bombshell. He told me that while he loves me, he isn\u0027t happy. He assured me he has no inclination to divorce me, but he pretty much laid the entire reason for his unhappiness at my feet. I don\u0027t handle…LeBron James added fuel to rumours he may leave the Miami Heat in a birthday message he sent over Instagram to teammate Dwyane Wade on Friday. James, a four-time NBA Most Valuable Player, left the Cleveland Cavaliers to join Wade, 32 on Friday, and Chris Bosh in Miami in 2010. But James, Wade and…Style doesn\u0027t need to be expensive. We have the definitive list of the 10 coolest cars that will keep you wondering how they are less than $18,000.China has started constructing the second of four planned aircraft carriers, a top government official said according to media reports on Saturday. The ship is under construction in the northeastern port of Dalian and will take six years to build, the reports said quoting Wang Min, Communist Party…Japanese macaque monkeys huddle together in a group to protect themselves against the cold weather at Awajishima Monkey Centerin Sumoto, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan. Low temperatures has hit across Japan with more heavy snowfall expected in February. Photography by Buddhika Weerasinghe/Getty Images…An injury-hit Serena Williams crashed out of the Australian Open against Ana Ivanovic Sunday, denying her an 18th major title and the chance to win a rare calendar-year Grand Slam. Williams won the first set but Ivanovic, capitalising on her poor movement and high error-count, took her first ever…La Huerta (México) (AFP) - Self-defense groups made up of Mexican farmers and other local people have taken over another town that had been overrun by drug traffickers in the restive state of Michoacan. They were followed by a contingent of federal police who did not try to stop them, despite…Oscar tea-leaf reading doesn\u0027t get any better than at the Screen Actors Guild Awards.Klang (Malaysia) (AFP) - In recent weeks, Malaysian priest Lawrence Andrew has been burned in effigy, investigated for sedition and denounced by Muslims in a spiralling dispute over whether Malay-speaking Christians can use \"Allah\" to refer to their God. Andrew was thrust into the spotlight in…OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Oklahoma\u0027s 2014 election cycle was thrown for a huge loop when U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn announced his early retirement last week. The move could knock over a series of dominoes in Oklahoma politics as some of state\u0027s most powerful GOP leaders mull jumping into the race.President Francois Hollande\u0027s partner emerged from a week\u0027s stay in hospital Saturday as the French leader faced calls to clear up his personal life after his affair with an actress was made public. First Lady Valerie Trierweiler left the Paris hospital, where she had been admitted on January 10…Ecuador\u0027s President Rafael Correa on Saturday rebuked requests by major international bodies for clarification on his anti-abortion position and decision to extract oil from an Amazon reserve. The president revealed that his government had received letters from the UN and Inter-American Court of…With less than a month to go until the start of the 2014 Winter Olympic games in Sochi, Russia, George Stephanopoulos sat down with Russian President Vladimir Putin for an exclusive interview that will air in full on Sunday on “This Week.” Currently serving his...Truth can be stranger than fiction, so they say. But when it comes to movies, truth can also be more powerful than fiction, at least judging by this year\u0027s Oscar nominees. No fewer than six of the nine films nominated for the best picture Academy Award are based on true events -- possibly the…As we’ve mentioned multiple times, now is really the time to upgrade from Windows XP if you haven’t done so already. Even though Microsoft will extend support for its Windows XP security products through July 2015, the company has warned that “the effectiveness of antimalware solutions on…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.The icy standoff between Japan and China is now playing out on the pages of the Washington Post’s op-ed section, as both nations’ ambassadors to the United States penned vicious editorials against each other’s homeland. It’s the latest in a series of antagonistic moves by...        A patient entered Hôpital de Verdun, or Verdun General Hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, in an ambulance because of chest pains, but says she was kicked out when requesting that hospital staff speak to her in English, rather than French.The first lady celebrated her 50th birthday at the White House.SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — The resumption of commercial horse slaughter in the U.S. was blocked Friday as President Barack Obama signed a budget measure that withholds money for required federal inspections of the slaughtering process.WASHINGTON (AP) — Southwest Airlines pilots who recently landed at the wrong airport in Missouri have told investigators they were confused by the small airport\u0027s runway lights, believing it to be a larger airport in nearby Branson, the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday.China falls in love with \u0027Sherlock\u0027 _ or \u0027Curly Fu\u0027 _ and gets early viewings of 3rd season        Sun, Jan 19","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Featured\u0027American Hustle\u0027 tops SAG AwardsDrinking water ban lifted in West VirginiaMayor: Chris Christie aides tied Superstorm Sandy funds to projectWoman Prefers Solitary Life, Despite Husband\u0027s ProtestsJames birthday message to Wade highlights uncertain future10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000China starts building second aircraft carrier: mediaMonkeys huddle to stay warm in cold (9 photos)Serena shocker dashes Grand Slam bidVigilantes reclaim another town in western MexicoSAG Awards to offer window into Oscar race\u0027Allah\u0027 row thrusts Malaysian priest into spotlightCoburn\u0027s departure likely to trigger GOP dominoesHollande partner leaves hospital after affair scandalEcuador\u0027s Correa rebukes \u0027intrusions\u0027 by UN, Americas courtFive Things to Know About Vladimir PutinIs fact worth more than fiction, in Oscars race?A disaster in the making: 95% of ATMs still run Windows XPCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Japan and China at War on the Op-Ed PageHospital patient allegedly kicked out when she requested that hospital staff speak to her in EnglishMichelle Obama\u0027s Birthday BashHorse slaughter blocked by federal lawNTSB: Pilots confused by wrong airport\u0027s lightsChina Falls in Love With Sherlock HolmesComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":38,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
