{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"President warns of difficult choices ahead as to how America uses and conserves water.Uptick in federal judges\u0027 willingness to embrace same-sex marriage could hasten Supreme Court.Japan\u0027s Yuzuru Hanyu dedicates Olympic gold medal to \u0027return the favors I got.\u0027Ahhh, February 14, when a young party official’s thoughts turn to the sweetness and light of Valentine’s Day-themed political attacks.KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) — Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni plans to sign a bill into law that prescribes life imprisonment for some homosexual acts, officials said Friday, alarming rights activists who have condemned the bill as draconian in a country where homosexuality already has been criminalized.Though the reptiles lack obvious physical features to suggest this is possible, crocodiles in fact climb trees all the way to the crowns, according to University of Tennessee researcher Vladimir Dinets. Researchers in the climbing study observed crocodiles in Australia, Africa and North America. Dinets said crocodiles lack the toe and foot structure that would be expected of a climber. However, smaller and juvenile crocodiles in particular were observed climbing vertically while larger ones tended to climb angled trunks and branches, all of which is a measure of the reptiles\u0027 spectacular agility, he said.A view of the Pont Des Arts on Valentine\u0027s Day on February 14, 2014 in Paris, France. The accumulation of the \u0027love locks\u0027, a phenomenon popular in many European cities, where couples attach a lock to symbolise their love to the mesh panels on the sides of the bridge, is starting to pose safety concerns, due to their mass weight. (Photo by Kristy Sparow/Getty Images)DOJ and Treasury Dept. action moves U.S. a step closer to legalized marijuana industry.Harsh winter blamed for highest percentage of canceled flights since record-keeping began.Pennsylvania State Police trooper inspects vehicles piled up in an accident, Friday, Feb. 14, 2014, in Bensalem, Pa. Traffic accidents involving multiple tractor trailers and dozens of cars have completely blocked one side of the Pennsylvania Turnpike outside Philadelphia and caused some injuries. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)She dropped her job to join the revolution against a hated regime. The storyline could be that of Hollywood\u0027s newest blockbuster, but it happened in real life on Kiev\u0027s Independence Square, where passion has blossomed among the grimy tents of Ukraine\u0027s barricaded anti-government enclave. It all began in December when Yulia Serko, a slim and stylish 25-year-old, left her hometown of Rivne in western Ukraine after protesters rose up in the capital against the president\u0027s decision to edge away from the European Union and move closer to Russia. The softly-spoken brunette went straight to Kiev city hall, which had been taken over by protesters demanding the departure of President Viktor Yanukovych, and volunteered in the kitchen.Athletes in the Olympic house got a surprise visit from their host.Rescuers are deploying in the Philippines\u0027 Manila Bay to help distracted lovers aboard boats who could fall into the water while on Valentine\u0027s Day cruise dates, the coastguard said Friday. The authorities expect the bay, with its spectacular views of the sunset, to throb with activity by sundown as couples hop onto yachts and cruise ships for deck-side, candle-lit dinners accompanied by romantic music from live bands. Hundreds of lovers are expected in the area until midnight, and the main danger would be people falling overboard, coastguard spokesman Commander Armando Balilo said in a statement announcing the safety measures. \"We cannot prevent people from being sweet on Valentine\u0027s Day but they should be alert and be mindful of their safety, be mindful of their environment,\" he said.FRESNO, Calif. (AP) — President Barack Obama will offer millions of dollars in federal aid for drought-stricken California during a visit with farmers and ranchers Friday and outline plans to seek $1 billion from Congress to help communities manage the effects of climate change.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Cable subscribers don\u0027t give Comcast and Time Warner Cable good grades when it comes to customer satisfaction. So after Comcast announced its $45 billion purchase of Time Warner Cable Thursday, it didn\u0027t take long for consumers to start venting their frustrations over high prices, spotty service and fears of a monopoly.World Press Photo of the Year 2013 --- John Stanmeyer, USA, VII for National Geographic --- 26 February 2013, Djibouti City, Djibouti - African migrants on the shore of Djibouti city at night, raising their phones in an attempt to capture an inexpensive signal from neighboring Somaliaâa tenuous link to relatives abroad. Djibouti is a common stop-off point for migrants in transit from such countries as Somalia, Ethiopia and Eritrea, seeking a better life in Europe and the Middle East.The eruption of Mount Kelud could be heard 125 miles away, Indonesian authorities say.At least 30 motorists were injured on Friday morning in massive chain-reaction crashes on an icy Pennsylvania Turnpike outside Philadelphia, according to news reports. Traffic along the state\u0027s primary east-west highway was snarled for seven hours by a series of accidents involving multiple tractor-trailers and cars, but officials announced that all lanes had reopened by 4 p.m.LOS ANGELES (AP) — President Barack Obama\u0027s latest playful executive order is a tweeted effort to limit \"House of Cards\" plot spoilers.MANIWALA, India (AP) — She lies in wait while her victims are collecting firewood, or taking cattle to graze, or working in the fields. She has grabbed people in broad daylight, carrying them away silently into the forests or the sugarcane fields. By the time the victims are found, often little is left but a pair of shoes, unspeakable gore and a ring of drying blood.Fri, Feb 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Obama: Calif. drought is everyone\u0027s concernShift seen in legal battle for gay rightsSkater who fled tsunami pays heartfelt tributeObama: Calif. drought is everyone\u0027s concernShift seen in legal battle for gay rightsSkater who fled tsunami pays heartfelt tribute7 rejected GOP Valentine’s Day jokes (4 REAL)Homosexuals may soon face threat of life sentence in UgandaWhat\u0027s next, flying pigs? Researchers say crocs can climb treesPhotos of the dayFeds give banks guidance on pot sellersScrapped flights soar to historic highMassive pileup snarls travel on Pennsylvania TurnpikeCupid\u0027s arrow sparks romance among Ukraine protestersPutin visits Team USA in SochiBefore smooching in the Philippines, lovers are pointed to life jacketsObama turns attention to California droughtConsumers liken Comcast-TWC merger to creation of \u0027Death Star\u0027American\u0027s photo takes top prize in World Press Photo contestThousands flee deadly volcano eruptionPileup on icy Pennsylvania Turnpike injures dozens, snarls traffic much of the day\u0027House of Cards\u0027 cast gets presidential endorsementFear looms in Indian villages as man-eating tiger prowlsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":44,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
