{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Five people who died in a California car crash on Mother\u0027s Day were all members of the same family who had been on their way to Disneyland at the time of the traffic accident, local media reported on Monday. A San Bernardino County Sheriff\u0027s spokeswoman said the five people died when a van collided…LOS ANGELES (AP) — A judge on Monday ordered an investigation into the whereabouts of Casey Kasem after an attorney for the ailing radio personality\u0027s wife said the former \"Top 40\" host had been removed from Los Angeles without his children\u0027s knowledge.Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels to find the best deal on your room or search for amenities like complimentary breakfast. Try trivago today!By Thomas Ferraro and Timothy Gardner WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans on Monday blocked an energy-efficiency bill backed by manufacturers and environmentalists, forfeiting a chance to vote on the long-delayed Keystone XL oil pipeline. On a nearly party-line vote of 55-36, President…DAVIE, Fla. -- It has not been a banner week for Miami Dolphins players on social media. Just 48 hours after Pro Bowl center Mike Pouncey found himself in hot water over recent Twitter comments, Dolphins second-year player Don Jones tweeted a controversial reaction to the St. Louis Rams drafting…(Reuters) - Gunmen killed a man and wounded six people including a seven-year-old child when they opened fire on a toddler\u0027s birthday party in California, in what police said on Sunday might have been a gang-related shooting. The police said California gang and homicide detectives were…Iran has unveiled its own copy of an American stealth drone it captured in late 2011, claiming to have cracked the “secrets” of the bat-wing craft and added weapons capabilities. Today, Fars News Agency reported that while Iran’s duplicate of the US RQ-170 Sentinel drone was smaller, it also had a…Felipe Dana discovered photography at age 15 when he started working as an assistant for event and commercial photographers. At the close of 2009, he decided to focus his career solely on photojournalism. Dana has focused his work on documenting the consequences of social changes in slums due to…Ice is melting in the western Antarctic at an unstoppable pace, scientists said Monday, warning that the discovery holds major consequences for global sea level rise in the coming decades. The speedy melting means that prior calculations of sea level rise worldwide made by the Intergovernmental…Work out your brain with scientific brain games.China\u0027s foreign ministry said on Monday Vietnam\u0027s efforts to garner support over a territorial dispute in the South China Sea would fail, a day after Southeast Asian leaders meeting for a regional summit in Myanmar refrained from criticizing Beijing. Tensions rose in the resource-rich South China…DEAR ABBY: I have been married for 18 years to a wonderful woman who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer a few years ago. We don\u0027t know how much time she has left, but she feels the cancer has robbed her of her \"retirement.\" She is trying to persuade our family to move to Florida so she can enjoy…Certain chemicals that are common in everyday life have been shown to cause breast cancer in lab rats and are likely to do the same in women, US researchers said Monday. The paper in the peer-reviewed journal Environmental Health Perspectives lists 17 chemicals to avoid and offers women advice on…ARTEAGA (Mexico) (AFP) - Drug lord Servando \\\"La Tuta\\\" Gomez may be among Mexico\u0027s most wanted men, but in his western mountain hometown he is known for throwing parties, sending gifts and handing out cash. Nobody knows exactly the last time the leader of the cult-like Knights Templar drug cartel…The U.S. military is relying on sub-hunting tech that’s decades old. Meanwhile, the targets they’re trying to find are getting quieter and more invisible by the day.Asheboro City manager tells ABC11 that Keith Crisco was dead when police arrived at his home Monday afternoon.Veterans can Qualify for $0 down with the VA Home Loan Benefit. Competitive rates- No Private Mortgage Insurance required. PreQualify in 2 minutes!Three fez-wearing drug dealers facing life in prison skipped out on Monday before a federal jury returned guilty verdicts against them at a Detroit courthouse, sparking a wide manhunt, authorities said. The three, accused of operating one of the largest drug rings in Detroit-area history, had been…Might Democrats keep control of the Senate following this fall’s midterm elections? That question is reverberating through Washington political circles Monday following the surprising numbers of a just-released NBC/Marist poll of key red state 2014 Senate races. The survey shows Democratic…WASHINGTON (AP) — Extending the Mother\u0027s Day celebration by a day, Michelle Obama on Monday saluted military mothers for the sacrifices they make both for their families and their country, and honored her own mother as the person who keeps her \"standing up straight on my feet.\"(Reuters) - Search teams in Virginia on Sunday discovered the body of the third person who died when a hot air balloon struck a power line and plummeted to the ground in flames, police said. About 100 people combing a heavily wooded area of Caroline County, about 30 miles north of Richmond,…By Julie Steenhuysen and Barbara Liston CHICAGO/ORLANDO (Reuters) - U.S. health officials confirmed the country\u0027s second case of MERS, a deadly virus first discovered in the Middle East, and said the patient was in good condition in an Orlando, Florida hospital. The patient, 44, is a healthcare…London (AFP) - An overly-handsome waiter, a snoring girlfriend and the sea being too blue are among some of the bizarre complaints made to hotel staff, according to a survey published Monday.Available to homeowners 62 years and older. See if a reverse mortgage is right for you.Mon, May 12","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedWoman\u0027s family files new suit against GMPolice: Officer involved in shooting, explosion at N.H. homeWhite House: No, #BringBackOurGirls won’t sway kidnappersFive killed in California car crash said to be family on way to DisneylandJudge expresses concerns over Casey Kasem\u0027s safetyReady for a Vacation? Compare HotelsU.S. Senate Republicans block energy bill, forfeit Keystone voteAnother Dolphin in Trouble Over Michael Sam TweetGunmen kill man, wound six at toddlers\u0027 party in CaliforniaA \u0027nightmare becoming reality\u0027? Iran unveils American drone replica.Photographer Felipe Dana (63 photos)West Antarctic ice sheet collapse \u0027unstoppable\u0027, says NASALumosity Brain Training GamesChina says Vietnam efforts to rope in others on spat will failFORECAST IS CLOUDY FOR MAN WHOSE WIFE SEEKS THE SUNStudy lists dangerous chemicals linked to breast cancerMexican drug capo lavished gifts on hometownStealth Subs Could Sink America’s NavyKeith Crisco dies from fall at his home$0 Down Home Loan for Veterans- See if You QualifyManhunt on for three Detroit drug dealers who fled before verdictDoes new poll show Democrats might keep control of Senate?First lady praises own mom at Mother\u0027s Day eventBody of third victim found after Virginia hot air balloon crashU.S. confirms second case of MERSSea too blue, waiter too handsome; oddest hotel complaintsCA Homeowners. Curious about Reverse Mortgage?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":4,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
