{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"YONKERS, N.Y. (AP) — A real estate developer who was shot in the head as he slept at home says his cheating wife did it in an attempt to kill him and avoid a messy divorce.SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea called President Barack Obama \"a monkey\" and blamed the U.S. on Saturday for shutting down its Internet amid the hacking row over the comedy \"The Interview.\"By Marice Richter DALLAS (Reuters) - The real-life story behind Hollywood\u0027s \"American Sniper,\" rolled out this holiday season, has been a dark tale of lawsuits and a pending murder trial for the man accused of gunning down the movie\u0027s hero. Iraq War veteran Eddie Ray Routh is to stand trial in…A towering dam in central China holds back a vast expanse of water destined to travel over 1,000 kilometres north to Beijing, but critics say it will only temporarily quench the capital\u0027s thirst. The city is expected Saturday to receive its first flows from the South North Water Diversion Project,…CINCINNATI (AP) — Three boys who spent the night with their grandmother so she wouldn\u0027t be alone on Christmas died with her Friday morning as a fire engulfed her home, authorities said.Just when Russians thought it could not get any worse with the ruble tumbling as fast as the oil prices on which their economy depends, the people of St Petersburg are waking up to rationing.New details have emerged about one of the threats that was made against New York police officers in the wake of the fatal shooting that left two cops dead in New York last weekend.Elvin Payamps, 38, was arrested Wednesday after someone overheard him making threats on a cell phone, saying that he…LOS ANGELES (AP) — While tens of thousands of immigrants living in the United States illegally are preparing to apply for a long-sought driver\u0027s license in California starting Jan. 2, others are being urged to think twice.With frigid temperatures and a shrinking food supply, winter can be tough on Yellowstone National Park’s wildlife. And for the area’s 4,900 bison, it’s not just nature’s elements they’re fighting against.The casket of Rafael Ramos arrives at Christ Tabernacle Church carried by a New York Police Department honor guard in the Queens borough of New York December 26, 2014. Hundreds of mourners were due to gather at a New York City church on Friday to pay their respects for Ramos, one of two NYPD…FAIR OAKS, Calif. (AP) — Two vehicles collided head-on in a fiery crash near Sacramento, California, leaving four people dead and two more seriously injured.RT @YahooNews: #Photos of a boy and balloons in #Belarus, the sneakers of Iman Shumpert and #Santa Sam outside \"The Interview\". http://t.…Does it ever feel like Facebook is doing its desperate best to keep you engaged? Urging you to connect with new “friends,” play online games, watch puppy videos, follow “trends” (like actor Patrick Stewart reacting to a singing Christmas hat).Dustin Diamond, who played Screech on the 1990s TV show \"Saved by the Bell,\" was charged Friday with stabbing a man during a bar fight on Christmas.By Brendan O\u0027Brien (Reuters) - A Wisconsin man will refuse for about the 40th time to partake in the annual after-holiday chore of putting Christmas ornaments back into storage and dragging the Christmas tree to the curb. Instead Neil Olson will leave his Christmas tree - the same one he says he…Ireland\u0027s high court ruled doctors can withdraw life support for a clinically dead pregnant woman on Friday, in the latest case to trigger heated debate on the country\u0027s stringent abortion laws. Despite requests from the woman\u0027s family for her to be allowed to die, doctors continued life support as…Pakistani security forces have killed a Taliban commander who allegedly facilitated the Peshawar school massacre, which left 150 people dead in the country\u0027s worst ever terror attack, officials said Friday.MEXICO CITY (AP) — A priest was found dead of a gunshot wound to the head, his diocese said Friday, marking the latest in series of abductions, attacks and highway robberies against Roman Catholic clerics in an area of southern Guerrero state dominated by drug cartels.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell Friday, tumbling as the dollar strengthened and as a supply glut in top consumer, the United States, trumped worries about falling production from Libya.WASHINGTON (AP) — Political advisers, chiefs of staff, press secretaries and national security advisers have come and gone in the nearly six years Barack Obama has been president. Now, Obama\u0027s personal chef is waving goodbye.Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officer? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayCommon on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerObama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuObama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuNews11:07Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerYahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric talks to Common about his recent appearance at a protest on the steps of New York City Hall to support a list of demands that included the immediate firing of Officer Daniel Pantaleo who was involved in the chokehold death of Eric Garner.20:41Obama and family go hiking in Hawaiian island of OahuU.S. President Barack Obama and his family go hiking in Oahu while on vacation in Hawaii. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).30:56George H.W. Bush Taken to HospitalA family spokesman said,former President George H.W. Bush was admitted to a Houston hospital Tuesday evening after experiencing a shortness of breath. According to spokesman Jim McGrath, Bush, 90, was taken by ambulance to Houston Methodist Hospital as a \u0026quot;precaution.\u0026quot; McGrath said in a statement, He \u0026quot;will be held for observation, again as a precaution.\u0026quot; Bush spent nearly two months in the same hospital and was discharged in January 2013 after treatment for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues. The White House said President Barack Obama, who is vacationing in Hawaii, has been notified about Bush\u0026#39;s hospital admission.40:46Japan, Wary of North Korea, Works to Secure Infrastructure After Sony AttackOfficials said, Japan, fearing it could be a soft target for possible North Korean cyberattacks in the escalating row over the Sony Pictures hack, has begun working to ensure basic infrastructure is safe and to formulate its diplomatic response. The hacking of the U.S. unit of Tokyo-based Sony Corp has been seen in Japan largely as an American problem, but the officials said the government is now moving actively to confront the issue after President Barack Obama blamed North Korea and vowed to respond \u0026quot;in a place and time and manner that we choose.\u0026quot;50:49As U.S. Troops Return to Iraq, More Private Contractors FollowA senior U.S. official said, the U.S. government is preparing to boost the number of private contractors in Iraq as part of President Barack Obama\u0026#39;s growing effort to beat back Islamic State militants threatening the Baghdad government. The official said, how many contractors will deploy to Iraq - beyond the roughly 1,800 now working there for the U.S. State Department - will depend in part on how widely dispersed U.S. troops advising Iraqi security forces are, and how far they are from U.S. diplomatic facilities.64:09Stephen Colbert: Your Backstage Pass to the FinaleKatie Couric was at the finale of “The Colbert Report” last night and captured some backstage footage. Her video and blog are now LIVE.71:28New protests over Mexico missingA Mexican army base is targeted by protesters marking the three-month anniversary of the disappearance of 43 student teachers. Paul Chapman reports80:37Georgain parliamentary punch-upA mass brawl erupts in Georgia\u0026#39;s parliament as emotions get heated during a debate about representation on international bodies. Paul Chapman reports.90:46Arrest call for Pakistan clericA judge orders the arrest of a senior Pakistan cleric accused of refusing to condemn the school massacre in Peshawar. Paul Chapman reports.101:16Thousands join peaceful Bahrain anti-government protestAnti-government protesters hold peaceful rally, as Bahrain\u0026#39;s main opposition group, Al Wefaq, holds internal elections. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentSat, Dec 27","h1":"",".title":"Common on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerCommon on Eric Garner\u0027s death: \u0027Justice\u0027 would be firing the NYPD officerComics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsN.Y. mayor attends wake of slain officerN. Korea blames U.S. for Internet outages, insults ObamaWeirdest political stories of 2014NY man says wife shot him to avoid messy divorceN. Korea calls Obama \u0027monkey\u0027 in hacking rowCrime and lawsuits cloud new \u0027American Sniper\u0027 movieDoubts as giant China project\u0027s water reaches capitalBodies of woman, 3 grandsons found in burned homeRussia imposes rationing in token gestureMan Who Threatened to Kill Police Officers Says Dead Cops Should Have Been WhiteImmigrants get warning on driver\u0027s licensesA Thousand Bison Sentenced to Die This WinterWake for New York Police Department officer Rafael Ramos4 dead in fiery Northern California car crashPhotos of the day - December 25, 2014Facebook apologizes for \u0027Year in Review,\u0027 Twitter sees \u0027war on Christmas\u00271990s TV star \u0027Screech\u0027 charged in bar stabbingWisconsin man keeps 40-year-old Christmas tree up until son returnsIrish court allows abortion row pregnant brain-dead woman to die\u0027Facilitator\u0027 of Taliban school attack killed in PakistanThird priest killed in dangerous southern MexicoOil declines amid stronger dollar, crude oversupply in U.S.After 6 years, Obama personal chef hangs up apronComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":32,"second":35},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
