{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The sleek three-wheeled car looks futuristic, but, as its creator acknowledges, it uses no new technology. What makes the Elio Motors vehicle unique is its ultra-high fuel economy and an ultra-low price tag: $6,800. The vehicle, which was on display at the Showstoppers startup showcase on the…PROVO, Utah (AP) — A 58-year-old Utah woman is set to give birth in a few weeks — to her first grandchild.Take Netflix anywhere you go. Unlimited streaming from your favorite device for only $7.99/month.LOS ANGELES (AP) — Three mountain lion kittens born last month in the Santa Monica Mountains were inbred, a wildlife expert said, marking a troubling sign for a population penned in by the urban sprawl of metropolitan Los Angeles.By Alister Doyle OSLO (Reuters) - Everyone in Norway became a theoretical crown millionaire on Wednesday in a milestone for the world\u0027s biggest sovereign wealth fund that has ballooned thanks to high oil and gas prices. A preliminary counter on the website of the central bank, which manages the…Attorney For Winston\u0027s Alleged Victim Says She Wants \u0027Heads to Roll\u0027The polar vortex that has gripped the U.S. and Canada this week has led to some spectacular icy images. The latest come from Niagara Falls, which partially froze on Tuesday, when the high temperature was a record low of minus 2 degrees. The ice formed on the U.S. side of the falls, which straddle…By James Pearson and David Chance SEOUL (Reuters) - Retired U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman apologized on Thursday for suggesting that an American jailed by North Korea was himself to blame for landing in prison, adding that he was upset at the time and had been drinking. Rodman, who calls…As Kate Middleton turns 32, we look back on her life and find it has its downside.        DEAR ABBY: In response to the letter from \"Family First in Florida\" (Nov. 3), it\u0027s no wonder her son and daughter-in-law want some peace and quiet when their new baby arrives. My kids\u0027 grandmas both have strong, loving relationships with their grandkids, so please remind \"Family First\" she\u0027s not…The ex-wife of Pulitzer Prize-winner Cormac McCarthy was arrested on assault charges that prove, among other things, that sometimes truth is stranger than even prize-winning fiction.By Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate negotiators on Thursday mulled a new Democratic proposal to revive federal unemployment benefits until mid-November and pay the $18 billion price tag with new spending cuts, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said. He said the cost of renewing…ROSWELL, N.M. (AP) — Capt. Paul Wannberg glides an old Boeing 757 over the New Mexico desert, lining up with the runway. A computerized voice squawks elevation warnings. Forty feet. Thirty. Twenty. Ten. Touchdown.WASHINGTON (AP) — Doctors are warning that if Congress cuts food stamps, the federal government could be socked with bigger health bills. Maybe not immediately, they say, but over time if the poor wind up in doctors\u0027 offices or hospitals as a result.Democrats plan to force a debate on the issue with votes on unemployment insurance and minimum wage.Initial mortgage rates are back down this month in California to 2.75% (2.84% APR). See if you can get a great rate and start saving money today.The best news photos of the day for January 9, 2014. Indian soldiers take part in the rehearsal for the Republic Day parade in New Delhi, a child rides past a branch of Raiffeisen Bank International in Vienna, Afghan women drag containers of water on the outskirts of capital Kabul and a man walks…BROOKFIELD, Conn. (AP) — A school board member in a Connecticut town neighboring the one where 26 people were killed at an elementary school has resigned amid an outcry over his comment that he would observe the Newtown massacre\u0027s anniversary by distributing ammunition.LAS VEGAS (AP) — T-Mobile US Inc., the country\u0027s fourth-largest wireless carrier, is aiming to lure subscribers from rivals by paying the fees required to break their service contracts.Israel is excavating an archaeological site in the flashpoint West Bank city of Hebron, officials said Thursday, in a move critics say aims to legitimise Jewish settlement in Palestinian territory. The excavations began on January 5 during US Secretary of State John Kerry\u0027s 10th visit to the…CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A privately launched supply ship rocketed toward the International Space Station on Thursday following a series of delays ranging from the cold to the sun.Former Cuban President Fidel Castro made a surprise appearance on Wednesday evening at the opening of a Havana cultural center sponsored by one of his favorite Cuban artists. State television on Thursday broadcast images of Castro arriving at the cultural center in a blue van, to the applause of…Thu, Jan 9","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Bridgegate? Or just water under the bridge?Activist writer Amiri Baraka dies at 79More than half in Congress are millionairesThree-wheel $6,800 car gears for 2015 US launchUtah mom to give birth to daughter\u0027s daughterStream TV Shows and Movies Anywhere Any TimeInbreeding found in S. California mountain lionsAll Norwegians become crown millionaires, in oil saving landmarkJameis Winston\u0027s Alleged Victim Will \u0027Absolutely\u0027 Sue the FSU QuarterbackPartially frozen Niagara Falls (17 photos)Rodman, in trouble over interview, blames drinkReasons to Be Glad You\u0027re Not Kate Middleton on Her BirthdayEager Grandmas Must Defer To New Family\u0027s WishesShe Hid Her Gun Where?Senate Democrats offer new jobless benefit planAirlines go on a record new jet shopping spreeDoctors say cutting food stamps could backfireWhy Republicans are going on offense about povertyCalifornia Mortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.84% APR)Photos of the day - January 9, 2014 (28 photos)Conn. official resigns over Newtown commentT-Mobile to pay customers leaving rivalsIsrael excavates site in flashpoint West Bank cityVa. company launches cargo ship to space stationFidel Castro, 87, makes rare public appearanceComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":2,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
