{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — An 11-year-old Mexican boy suffering from a massive tumor, who drew international attention after U.S. Homeland Security Investigations helped him get treatment in New Mexico, is scheduled to have a series of surgeries in Albuquerque to remove the large growth on his…The \"next big thing\" in tech is already in your living room, and these three stocks are poised to explode when cable finally dies!NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — In one corner you\u0027ve got the starring members of the country boys\u0027 club: The veteran George Strait; the Australian guitar player who rocks the shaggy bangs, Keith Urban; the best-selling party boy Luke Bryan; and the funny, tall guy, Blake Shelton.NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Blake Shelton isn\u0027t the only person Miranda Lambert is texting these days — she\u0027s also been chatting it up with breakthrough singer Meghan Trainor.GRANTS PASS, Ore. (AP) — A woman who appealed for money online to help care for her autistic son and disabled husband has been accused of throwing her 6-year-old boy to his death off an historic bridge on the Oregon coast.Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell won a hard-fought sixth term Tuesday, putting him a step closer to his lifelong dream of becoming majority leader and getting the GOP off to a good start in its goal of taking control of the Senate. Democrats once had high hopes for challenger Alison…MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican football got a boost in September when former Brazil and Barcelona star Ronaldinho — a two-time FIFA player of the year — joined modest local club Queretaro.BOSTON (AP) — A sister of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded guilty Tuesday to misleading a police detective during a counterfeiting investigation, avoiding jail time in an agreement with prosecutors.These roads aren\u0027t for the light at heart; hair pin turns and steep drop offs make these roads a little precarious.By Joe McDonald EAST STROUDSBURG Pa. (Reuters) - The sister of the survivalist who eluded a 48-day manhunt in the mountains of Pennsylvania until his capture last week said on Monday she did not believe the police version of how he ended up with wounds and red marks on his face. State police said…The commander of US Navy SEALs has issued a stinging rebuke to troops who have broken the elite force\u0027s hallowed tradition of secrecy and humility by publishing memoirs and speaking to the media. Days after the Fox News network announced it would broadcast a documentary with a commando who claims…Islamic State jihadists subjected a group of teenagers from the Syrian battleground town of Kobane to a string of abuses, including torture, during six months in captivity, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday. A group of 153 schoolchildren was taken hostage by IS in May en route to their hometown of…By Steve Holland and Roberta Rampton WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans struck a powerful first blow in Kentucky in U.S. congressional elections on Tuesday in their drive to control the U.S. Senate and dramatically tip the balance of power away from President Barack Obama and his Democrats. Obama\u0027s…(Reuters) - Authorities recovered the body of a 6-year-old boy floating in an Oregon marina on Monday night just hours after his mother told police she threw him from a nearby bridge, police said. Jillian McCabe, 34, called police around 6:25 p.m. local time saying she had tossed her son London…The family of a woman whose violent abduction was caught on surveillance video says her former boyfriend was \"obsessed\" with her.Doctors speak out about knee \u0026 shoulder relief.Gunmen killed a Mexican general sent by the government to tame violence in a northern state plagued by drug cartel crimes along the US border, authorities said. General Ricardo Cesar Nino Villarreal and his wife were shot dead as they drove Saturday in Vallecillo, in the northern state of Nuevo…A senior Vatican official has condemned as \"wicked\" the assisted suicide of Brittany Maynard, an American woman suffering from terminal brain cancer. \"This woman did this thinking she could die with dignity,\" Carrasco de Paula told Italian news agency ANSA.By Adrian Croft BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Russia has moved troops closer to the border with Ukraine and continues to support rebels in the country\u0027s east, NATO\u0027s chief said on Tuesday, after an election held by the pro-Russian separatists and condemned by Kiev and Western leaders. Ukraine\u0027s president…CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Denny Hamlin thinks most drivers don\u0027t respect Brad Keselowski, and the contempt stems from the 2012 NASCAR champion\u0027s refusal to show any remorse for his aggressive driving.(Reuters) - A suburban Indianapolis high school student was arrested on Tuesday for the murder of a 73-year-old man found dead in a park over the weekend, police said. Police in Fishers, Indiana, a prosperous suburb 21 miles north of Indianapolis, said Maxwell Hunt Winkler, 17, a student at…Tom Magliozzi, one of the hosts of the National Public Radio show \"Car Talk,\" died yesterday (Nov. 3) from complications of Alzheimer\u0027s disease, according to news reports. But Alzheimer\u0027s disease is not usually a direct cause of brain death — that is, it does not suddenly cause the entire brain to…Very rarely, we witness or hear about moments that amaze us by being weirdly coincidental. These are some of the craziest coincidences in history.Mexican police detained a fugitive ex-mayor and his wife Tuesday accused of ordering a deadly police attack that left 43 students missing, raising hopes of a break in a case bedeviling the nation. Jose Luis Abarca, the former mayor of the southern city of Iguala, and Maria de los Angeles Pineda…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistTue, Nov 4","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsMidterm mixer: Live election coverageMcConnell re-elected to SenateVoters weigh pot legalization, minimum wage hikesMexican boy to have tumor surgery in New Mexico3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable DiesMiranda Lambert vs. the men at 2014 CMAsMiranda Lambert is \u0027All About That Bass\u0027Mom accused of tossing son off bridge sought moneyMcConnell wins Kentucky (21 photos)Ronaldinho abuse reveals soccer racism in MexicoBoston Marathon suspect\u0027s sister pleads guilty13 Of The World\u0027s Scariest RoadsSuspected Pennsylvania sniper\u0027s sister questions arrest detailsUS Navy SEALs told to stop spilling secretsIS jihadists tortured Kobane child hostages: HRWRepublicans strike early blow in midterm election resultsBoy\u0027s body found after mother reports throwing him off Oregon bridgeFamily: Former boyfriend was \u0027obsessed\u0027 with abduction victimKnee \u0026 Shoulder ReliefMexico general fighting drug cartels shot deadVatican thinker brands US woman\u0027s suicide \u0027wicked\u0027Russian troops moving closer to Ukraine border: NATO chiefHamlin: Most drivers don\u0027t respect KeselowskiIndiana high schooler charged with murder of 73-year-old man\u0027Car Talk\u0027 Host\u0027s Death: How Does Alzheimer\u0027s Disease Kill?14 Freakiest Coincidences Of HistoryMexico mayor, wife arrested over 43 missing studentsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":26,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
