{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Bare legs and briefs filled train cars from Sydney to New York Sunday as passengers traveled trouserless -- provoking laughs and perplexed looks -- for the 13th annual \"No Pants Subway Ride.\" Commuters in some 60 cities braved public transportation in their undies for the stunt, which has gone…Cops Seek Three Burglars Who Were Active in the AreaMissing 28-year-old. Last seen in Oakland January 1 at 4:30pm with red sneakers. Brown hair, eyes. Code tattoo. Call 415-999-5911 with any info.Prospects of 1.4 million unemployed Americans getting their federal jobless benefits back soon brightened on Monday when U.S. Senate Republican negotiators offered a new plan to extend the emergency relief for three months. Senate Democrats and Republicans planned to meet privately on Tuesday to…General Motors\u0027 Chevrolet unit swept car and truck of the year honors but Ford\u0027s use of aluminum in its F150 sparked new debate on the first day of the Detroit auto show Monday. But as cars from Mercedes Benz\u0027s new C-Class and Honda\u0027s little third-generation Fit showed, consumers are getting more…An emotional Dennis Rodman appeared to break down Monday as he apologised on his return from a controversial trip to North Korea, where he sang \"Happy Birthday\" to regime leader Kim Jong-Un. The former NBA star was widely criticised for refusing to bring up human rights abuses or the plight of a…Novak Djokovic\u0027s Boris Becker era got underway in low-key fashion as a clinical Serena Williams and Li Na showed their intent on an eventful first day at the Australian Open Monday. As temperatures soared and big names fell by the wayside, Djokovic and Williams dodged the day-time heat to open…A retired police captain opened gunfire on a couple who was texting.By Zachary Cook NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York woman was sentenced on Monday under the state\u0027s \"Granny Law\" to one year in jail for punching an elderly Wal-Mart greeter in the face after a Christmas Eve shopping spree. It was the second time the upstate New York woman, Jacquetta Simmons, 28, was…If the claims are true, it might just be the worst school with the worst principal in the country.DALLAS (AP) — Former Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Josh Brent wasn\u0027t drunk, as police contend, when he wrecked his Mercedes in a crash that killed a teammate, Brent\u0027s lawyer told jurors Monday at the start of his trial.Whomever Microsoft appoints as its new CEO, it looks like they’ll have to start work immediately cleaning up the mess left by Windows 8. Paul Thurrott writes that Microsoft is hard at work preparing a major new Windows release for April 2015 that is now codenamed “Threshold.” Thurrott says there’s…Mystery surrounds death of a sperm whale that washed up on a beach in the Uruguayan capital, Montevideo. Deborah Lutterbeck reports.The Australian Open has just kicked off, and Nike has revealed what the stars are wearing on the blue courts of Melbourne Park.Low- and moderate-income workers who save for retirement in 401(k)s and individual retirement accounts may be eligible for a valuable tax credit that could be worth as much as $1,000 for individuals and $2,000 for couples. Here\u0027s how to claim the saver\u0027s credit on your 2013 or 2014 tax return:…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.In Patagonia, at the southern end of South America, scientists have discovered 52.2-million-year-old fossils of a giant evergreen tree that now is only found thousands of miles away in Australia and Asia. Coniferous trees in the genus Agathis, which are sought after for their soft wood, have thick…DEAR ABBY: You said in your Nov. 14 column on bullying that you hadn\u0027t received a single letter from anyone who had bullied others. Well, I was a bully. As a young girl I\u0027d tease and taunt, and when I was older I used sarcasm as a way to bully. I was involved in an abusive relationship in my 20s.…Fight fans have waited for months to see who will fight unbeaten US welterweight star Floyd Mayweather next, but rival Adrien Broner might have already made the decision for him. And it could set the stage for a Mayweather showdown with Britain\u0027s Amir Khan in May. Broner revealed Monday that he…Young American adults are enrolling in health insurance in lower-than-expected numbers on the government-run marketplaces, according to numbers released Monday by the Obama administration. At the half-way point of the October-to-March enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act (ACA), only 24…After months of tension between the United States and Russia over issues ranging from Edward Snowden\u0027s intelligence leaks to the Syrian conflict, US Secretary of State John Kerry sought to bridge the diplomatic gap Monday by giving his Russian counterpart an unusual gift of potatoes. Kerry, who…SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — A state lawmaker proposed Monday that California extend its requirement that gun buyers undergo background checks and register their weapons to anyone who assembles a firearm in their home.Tue, Jan 14","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedGates to White House: \u0027Go look in the mirror\u0027Ex-officers acquitted in rare trial over homeless man\u0027s deathHuge spending bill would bury budget battlesLegs bared around the world for annual \u0027No Pants\u0027 commuteMadeleine McCann Cops Poised to Make Arrests in Her DisappearanceMissing Person: Have You Seen Luke Arduini?Senate Republicans make new offer on jobless benefitsGM wins awards, Ford turns heads at Detroit auto showRodman \u0027sorry\u0027 after controversial North Korea tripBelow-par Djokovic, Williams dodge heat, shocksMovie Theater Shooting in Florida Over Leaves 1 DeadNY woman gets one year in jail for punching Wal-Mart greeterThis elementary school is pretty awful, and its principal even worseAtty: Cowboys\u0027 Brent wasn\u0027t drunk when he crashedWith Windows 8 ‘tanking hard,’ Microsoft preps Windows 9 for 2015A whale of a mystery in UruguayNike dresses the stars at the Australian OpenTips for Claiming the Retirement Saver\u0027s CreditCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Fossils of Ancient Australasian Trees Found in PatagoniaReformed Bully Still Regrets The Pain She Caused OthersBroner-Maidana rematch could set up Khan-MayweatherObamacare youth enrollment lower than expected. Time to panic?Kerry seeks to bridge US-Russia gap with potatoesCalifornia bill seeks to regulate homemade gunsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":22,"second":17},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
