{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The United States said Tuesday it would send another 800 troops to South Korea as the allies warned North Korea against any provocation, amid deepening worries over the regime\u0027s stability. Amid concern after North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un executed his uncle, Secretary of State John Kerry met in…SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — The avalanche near Salt Lake City last year that carried enough rock, dirt and debris to bury New York\u0027s Central Park under 66 feet of rubble was North America\u0027s largest such disaster in modern history, according to University of Utah scientists.Initial mortgage rates are back down this month in California to 2.75% (2.84% APR). See if you can get a great rate and start saving money today.Courteney Cox explained how she reacted to David Arquette\u0027s baby news and reveals the baby\u0027s gender!        Rick Dyer claims to have shot and killed Bigfoot in the woods near San Antonio, Texas, and he released a photograph of the legendary beast. He says he actually shot the creature over a year ago, but it was undergoing DNA testing in Washington, DC. Polly Kreisman has the story.DEAR ABBY: My husband and I are happily married and will celebrate 15 years of marriage next year. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)Another high school student at Farragut High School in Knox County, Tenn. is receiving widespread attention for an eloquent speech he made against Common Core at a school board meeting. This time the student, Kenneth Ye, gave a rousing speech before the Knox County school board urging it to drop…Simply put, it’s cold out there, and people are doing some crazy things to keep warm.  Thanks to Twitter, you can find some of the funniest effects of the freezing weather that people shared from across the country. Some people posted a few of their...SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The family of a 13-year-old California girl who was declared brain dead after suffering complications from sleep apnea surgery has achieved its goal of moving the girl to a new facility for long-term care, but medical experts say the ventilator she\u0027s on will not work…A blast of Arctic air pushing south as far as Atlanta has caused air temperatures across the United States to plunge, creating a massive 140-degree Fahrenheit (77 degrees Celsius) temperature difference between the chilly Dakotas and balmy Florida yesterday (Jan. 5).Veterans may be lining to buy legal marijuana, but others who fear being fired for testing positive are staying home. How one court case could free them to ‘recreate’ responsibly.WASHINGTON (AP) — His agenda tattered by last year\u0027s confrontations and missteps, President Barack Obama begins 2014 clinging to the hope of winning a lasting legislative achievement: an overhaul of immigration laws.WASHINGTON (AP) — The Hubble Space Telescope has peered back to a chaotic time 13. 2 billion years ago when never-before-seen galaxies were tiny, bright blue and full of stars bursting to life all over the place.VATICAN CITY (AP) — The troubled Legion of Christ religious order is electing new leadership for the first time since its founder was revealed to have been a pedophile and a fraud. The process starting Wednesday will formally end the Vatican\u0027s three-year rehabilitation of the movement, a reform the…This week\u0027s top 10 paid and free apps for iPhone and iPad on the App Store        The Art Institutes schools are offering courses in a variety of programs designed to help budding artists begin their creative journeys. Learn more.Scores of retired New York City police, fire and corrections officers are expected to be arrested today in a crackdown on disability fraud stemming from the Sept. 11 terror attacks. The fraud cost taxpayers millions of dollars, prosecutors claim. The Manhattan district attorney\u0027s office accuses the…Here, LiveScience has rounded up a few fun experiments that can be done with just a little time outdoors (make sure to bundle up!), from making frozen soap bubbles to creating your own colorful snow. Seeley says it has to be quite cold to attempt this one, somewhere in the region of minus 30 F…By Laila Kearney SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A California girl declared brain dead following complications from a tonsillectomy, whose case has prompted debate over when to withdraw life support, has arrived at an undisclosed care facility with her mother, a family spokesman said on Monday. Jahi…The best news photos of the day for January 7, 2014. A bicycle is caked with volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Sinabung in Indonesia, a visitor stands near LED lighting drums while touring a showroom of Samsung Electronics in Seoul, white whales and their trainers present a show for visitors…Hundreds of Amtrak passengers were rescued today after spending a bone-chilling cold night stranded on board three Amtrak trains that were crippled by snow and ice some 90 miles outside of Chicago.        DZO Olivier was born in a family environment conducive to graphic arts, the Graduate School of Fine Arts in Toulouse coming validate my vocation after 5 years of study. Attracted by all forms of artistic expression, it is first as a graphic designer I learns the techniques of image creation with a…Tue, Jan 7","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Record freeze kills at least nine in U.S.Four killed in US Air Force helicopter crash in EnglandWhite House defends Biden against ex-defense chief\u0027s new tell-allWorried US warns North Korea, boosts troops to SouthUtah avalanche was largest in modern historyCalifornia Mortgage Rates Hit 2.75% (2.84% APR)The Surprising Way Courteney Cox Reacted to David Arquette\u0027s Baby NewsNew Bigfoot Claim from Old Bigfoot HoaxerCouple Wonders If Parenting Is Worth It Second Time AroundWatch another high school student take down Common Core like a boss9 Hilarious Things People Tweeted About the Record-Breaking ColdExperts: challenges remain for \u0027brain dead\u0027 teen\u0027Polar Vortex\u0027 Creates Huge Temperature Difference Across USGet Fired for Smoking Legal Pot?New prospects in 2014 for an immigration overhaulLong shots: Galaxies from 13.2 billion years agoLegion of Christ comes to critical junctureThe Top iPhone and iPad Apps on App StoreHow Creative Are You? Here\u0027s One Way to Find OutCops, Firefighters Scammed 9/11 for Disability Cash: IndictmentFrozen Fun: Try These Cold-Weather Science ExperimentsBrain-dead California girl arrives at extended care facilityPhotos of the day - January 7, 2014 (29 photos)Hundreds Rescued From Frozen Amtrak TrainsSkulls and stones by DZO (32 photos)ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":6,"second":15},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
