{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Barbara Liston ORLANDO Fla. (Reuters) - A Florida mother has been charged with child neglect after her 10-year-old boy came to school in foul-smelling clothes and told a teacher he could not remember when he last took a bath, court documents showed. Betsy Velasquez, 34, of Kissimmee, was charged…Your favorite stores delivered. Get 6 months free delivery.NEW YORK (AP) — Joan Rivers remained in serious condition in a New York City hospital Friday, one day after going into cardiac arrest at a doctor\u0027s office.By Alexei Anishchuk LAKE SELIGER Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Friday Russia\u0027s armed forces, backed by its nuclear arsenal, were ready to meet any aggression, declaring at a pro-Kremlin youth camp that foreign states should understand: \"It\u0027s best not to mess with us.\" Putin…MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Prosecutors on Friday charged a former Wisconsin sheriff\u0027s deputy suffering from Lou Gehrig\u0027s disease with shooting his wife and sister-in-law to death earlier this month.The filming of the reality show \"Cops\" turned deadly when US police firing on a man suspected of robbing a restaurant hit a TV sound man and killed him, police said. The audio technician was named as Bryce Dion, 38, and his death is believed to be the first in the 25-year history of the show, one…By Brendan O\u0027Brien (Reuters) - A police officer has resigned after pointing a rifle at protesters during racially charged demonstrations in Ferguson, Missouri, and another has been fired for inappropriate social media posts stemming from the two weeks of civil unrest, officials said on Friday.…The ex-wife and children of an Arizona gun range instructor shot and killed by a 9-year-old girl using an Uzi submachine gun do not blame the child and plan on reaching out to her family, according to a TV interview broadcast on Friday. Charles Vacca was showing the girl how to fire the Uzi at the…Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!The death of an Arizona firearms instructor by a 9-year-old girl who was firing a fully automatic Uzi displayed a tragic side of what has become a hot industry in the U.S.: gun tourism. With gun laws keeping high-powered weapons out of reach for most people — especially those outside the U.S. —…According to reports, ISIL released a video of the radical Sunni terrorist group beheading a Kurdish peshmerga fighter as a warning to Kurds in Iraq. From the Times of India: The video, entitled \"A Message in Blood\", was posted online hours after another video purporting to show the mass execution…By Laura Zuckerman SALMON Idaho (Reuters) - A Montana college student whose disappearance prompted a search by hundreds of police and volunteers was found dead from injuries sustained in a car accident in the mountains of central Idaho, authorities said late on Thursday. The body of Lucius Robbi,…PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The young homeless man who accompanied Miley Cyrus to the MTV Video Music Awards and who had been sought on an Oregon arrest warrant has turned himself in and posted bail, an Oregon official said Thursday night.Japan executed a mobster and a killer arsonist on Friday, bringing to 11 the total number of death sentences carried out since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in 2012. The executions came days before Abe is expected to reshuffle his cabinet amid speculation that he will appoint a new justice…By Alex Dobuzinskis LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A solution to the longstanding mystery of why rocks move erratically across an isolated patch of California\u0027s Death Valley finally emerged on Thursday, when researchers published a study showing the driving force was sheets of wind-driven ice. Trails from…In the market for a new car? Don\u0027t pay MSRP. Save yourself both time and money. Find a great low price for your new car before you buy.Seventy-five Filipino members of a UN peacekeeping force besieged by Syrian rebels on the Golan Heights are ready to use \"deadly force\" to defend themselves, their commander in Manila said Friday. Talks were underway to free a separate group of 43 peacekeepers from Fiji who have been taken hostage…Russia\u0027s President Vladimir Putin on Friday called on pro-Russian separatists to release Ukrainian soldiers who have been surrounded by the rebels in eastern Ukraine. Putin\u0027s statement came several hours after Ukraine accused Russia of entering its territory with tanks, artillery and troops, and…White House press secretary Josh Earnest began his daily press briefing with what sounded like a sober announcement. He said he wanted to clear up something from President Obama\u0027s much-talked-about news conference on Thursday. Would he be disclosing the White House\u0027s \"strategy\" for combatting the…Cherbourg (France) (AFP) - A frantic police hunt was underway Saturday for a five-year-old boy with a brain tumour taken from a British hospital by his family, as fears for his life intensified with every passing hour.DEAR ABBY: I am sick to death of hearing about people who have too many kids and the hardship it imposes. Common sense for the women is to use birth control, but why don\u0027t men step up to the plate and have a vasectomy? I had one years ago and it has worked well for me. I never hear it mentioned on…An American Airlines flight headed from Miami to Paris had to be diverted into Boston airport late on Wednesday night after two passengers began arguing and the argument turned physical. It was at that moment that air marshals, who were on the flight undercover, had to intervene.Great deals on cruises from San Francisco! Convenient and affordable roundtrip cruises to Hawaii, Alaska, and more! No airfare required!Harry Reid’s alma matter is removing his name from a school building after citizens and alumni lobbied the school president and pledged more than $40,000 to the cause. Concerned citizens lobbied Southern Utah University president Scott Wyatt months ago for the change, but he has only now decided to…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistFri, Aug 29","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsU.S. says no precise threat to homeland from Islamic StatePolice officer resigns, another is fired after Ferguson incidentsPalestinian president: Hamas caused prolonged warFlorida mother arrested after five kids found living in filthy homeGoogle Shopping ExpressDaughter: Joan Rivers is in \u0027serious conditionDon\u0027t mess with nuclear Russia, Putin saysFormer Wisconsin deputy charged in double homicidePolice kill TV crew member filming reality show \u0027Cops\u0027Police officer resigns, another is fired after Ferguson incidentsFamily of instructor killed at Arizona gun range does not blame girlNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!The Last Stop outdoor shooting range (7 photos)ISIL Releases Videos of Another Beheading, Mass Execution of Syrian SoldiersMissing Montana college student found dead in Idaho mountainsMiley Cyrus\u0027 date turns self in, posts bailJapan hangs gangster and killer arsonistScientists solve mystery of moving Death Valley rocksDid You Know Every New Car Has a Secret Price?Besieged UN peacekeepers in Syria ready to use \u0027deadly force\u0027Russian involvement in Ukraine (14 photos)White House Says Obama \u0027Stands Squarely Behind\u0027 Tan SuitTime running out for \u0027kidnapped\u0027 brain tumour boy taken to FranceRESPONSIBILITY FOR BIRTH CONTROL FALLS ON BOTH MEN AND WOMENRecline-Gate 2: Another Plane Diverted After Passenger Leans BackCruise Roundtrip from SF with Princess Cruises!Harry Reid’s Alma Matter Dumps His Name From BuildingComicsNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":18,"second":40},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
