{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A bear arrived at a family\u0027s home in Sierra Madre, California, and proceeded to enjoy the cool relaxation of the outdoor pool for 15 minutes before wandering off. One of the house\u0027s owners, Thomas See, caught the visit on tape. The population of black bears in California is about 25,000 to 30,000,…Mom reveals simple wrinkle solution that has researchers very excited. Try this free solution today to look and feel years younger.A Florida woman charged with killing her 5-year-old son more than 20 years ago in New Jersey has pleaded not guilty. A lawyer for Michelle Lodzinski entered the plea during a brief court hearing in New Brunswick on Tuesday. Gerald Krovatin of Newark told the court his client adamantly maintains her…By Joe McDonald BLOOMING GROVE Pa. (Reuters) - Pennsylvania state police on Tuesday identified Matthew Eric Frein, described as an anti-law enforcement survivalist, as the prime suspect in the ambush of two troopers outside their barracks last week. An arrest warrant was issued for Frein, 31, of…Reggie Bush Might \u0027Harshly\u0027 Discipline His 1-Year-Old Daughter NFL star Reggie Bush told a radio call-in show that he disciplines his 1-year-old daughter, and one day could do so \"harshly,\" as he came to the defense of fellow star Adrian Peterson\u0027s alleged parenting tactics. Adrian Peterson, the…King Richard III\u0027s Final Moments Were Quick \u0026 Brutal Richard III\u0027s last moments were likely quick but terrifying, according to a new study of the death wounds of the last king of England to die in battle. But Richard III\u0027s last moments were the stuff of legend alone, as the king\u0027s body was lost…Woman finds body in trunk, learns it\u0027s her neighbor LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A Southern California woman who found a dead body in the trunk of her Lexus after shopping over the weekend discovered that the man was a neighbor, police said on Monday. The woman, who was not identified by authorities,…Judge Thokozile Masipa is wrapping up the most famous trial of her career, that of athlete Oscar Pistorius for shooting and killing his then girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, on Valentines Day 2013.  Masipa has been repeatedly threatened for her findings in the trial and now, she\u0027s under police…It\u0027s Hollywood\u0027s Hottest Diet And Gets Rid Of Stubborn Fat Areas Like Nothing Else.Islamic State fighters shot down a Syrian war plane using anti-aircraft guns on Tuesday, the first time the group has downed a military jet since declaring its cross-border caliphate in June, a group monitoring the civil war said. The plane came down outside Islamic State\u0027s stronghold of Raqqa…CBS and Rihanna are splitting up, more fallout from the Ray Rice domestic violence incident and the turmoil it has caused for the NFL. The network said Tuesday it was permanently editing a song featuring Rihanna\u0027s voice out of its Thursday night NFL telecasts — after the singer issued a profane…Investigators are trying sort out what happened inside an apartment in Northeast Philadelphia late Monday night. A father shot and killed his daughter\u0027s boyfriend when he discovered the man inside their home.Grand jury to weigh case of NASCAR\u0027s Tony Stewart The decision whether to charge three-time NASCAR champion Tony Stewart in the August death of a fellow driver at a sprint car race in upstate New York will be up to a grand jury. Ontario County District Attorney Michael Tantillo said Tuesday he made…An ex-prosecutor and his wife have been sentenced for endangering the welfare of two adopted Ethiopian children after county welfare officials found the boy had been underfed and the girl physically abused. Douglas Barbour, 35, who resigned from the state attorney general\u0027s office last year,…Multiple college students signed a petition to support the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) last week. Media Research Center TV reporter Dan Joseph went to the campus of George Washington University on Thursday, Sept. 11, and collected a dozen signatures from students on a petition to…$225,000 for $949/month. No points. No obligation. Get multiple mortgage offers in minutes. Can\u0027t hurt to look. Rate quotes are Free!Russia is to reinforce its troop deployments in annexed Crimea and southern Russia because of the worsening crisis in Ukraine and the buildup of foreign forces nearby, the country\u0027s defence minister said on Tuesday. Sergei Shoigu told a meeting of defence ministry top brass it was a \"priority\" to…Jihadists shot down a Syrian warplane conducting strikes on the Islamic State group stronghold of Raqa on Tuesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said. Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr An Islamic State militant (L) stands next…Did \u0027Deadly\u0027 Spider Eggs Really Hitch a Ride on Imported Bananas? It\u0027s enough to make you do a double take the next time you unpack your groceries! A recent British news report claimed that imported bananas could play host to a certain species of venomous spiders. A woman in Essex, England,…By Letitia Stein TAMPA Fla. (Reuters) - Florida police charged a man with murder on Monday in a quadruple killing, after finding the victims\u0027 bodies earlier this month decomposing by the side of the road. Adam Matos, 28, faces four counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of his ex-girlfriend,…By Lori Grannis MISSOULA Mont. (Reuters) - A Montana hiker reported as missing after he set out alone to perform a BASE jump in Glacier National Park over the weekend has been found dead below the summit of Mount Siyeh, authorities said on Monday. Authorities identified the man as 22-year-old Beau…Twelve Nigerian soldiers were on Tuesday sentenced to death for mutiny after shots were fired at their commanding officer in the restive northeast city of Maiduguri earlier this year. A nine-member military tribunal, sitting in Abuja, convicted the soldiers following the incident on May 14 when…New website reveals how to save $1,000\u0027s when you\u0027re living paycheck to paycheck. See exactly how.By Laila Kearney NEW YORK (Reuters) - A speedboat driver in the 2013 crash that killed a bride-to-be and a best man on New York\u0027s Hudson River was sentenced on Tuesday to two years in jail after a plea deal to avoid prison time, prosecutors said. The sentence was handed down several months after…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistTue, Sep 16","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsRand Paul\u0027s \u0027thinking out loud\u0027 problemDiCaprio named U.N. messenger of peace67 South Africans killed in church collapseBear Takes Dip in Family\u0027s PoolBest Womens Wrinkle Creams 2014Mom pleads not guilty in 5-year-old son\u0027s deathPennsylvania police identify suspect in deadly trooper ambushReggie Bush Might \u0027Harshly\u0027 Discipline His 1-Year-Old DaughterKing Richard III\u0027s Final Moments Were Quick \u0026 BrutalWoman finds body in trunk, learns it\u0027s her neighborPistorius Judge Under 24-Hour Police Protection After Controversial Ruling1 Tip To Lose Belly FatIslamic State shoots down Syrian war plane -monitor groupCBS: Rihanna out of NFL telecastDaughter tells police man killed by father in her bedroom was her boyfriendGrand jury to weigh case of NASCAR\u0027s Tony StewartEx-prosecutor, wife sentenced in abuse of adopteesCollege Students Sign Petition To Support ISIS … On 9/11[VIDEO]Mortgage Rates Hit 3.00% APR (5/1 ARM)Russia to deploy reinforcements to Crimea areaIslamic State extremists (30 photos)Did \u0027Deadly\u0027 Spider Eggs Really Hitch a Ride on Imported Bananas?Murder charges for man in gruesome Florida quadruple killingMontana \u0027BASE jumper\u0027 falls to death in Glacier National Park12 Nigerian soldiers sentenced to death for mutiny: court martialTired of Living Paycheck to Paycheck?Boat driver get two years jail in NY crash that killed bride, best manComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":47,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
