{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.A fatal shooting and a separate stabbing at unsanctioned parties celebrating Sunday\u0027s BET Awards cast a shadow over the event, where top superstars like Lil Wayne, Chris Rock and others were set to mark the best in black entertainment.(Reuters) - A 64-year-old woman dubbed the \"nanny from hell\" after she stopped working for the California family that hired her and refused to move out, is reportedly ready to leave their home. Ralph and Marcella Bracamonte say they hired Diane Stretton in March to do chores and watch their…Jackpot Party Casino is the best place to play Las Vegas slots online!WASHINGTON (AP) — A Marine who was declared a deserter nearly 10 years ago after disappearing in Iraq and then returning to the U.S. claiming he had been kidnapped, only to disappear again, is back in U.S. custody, officials said Sunday.Police in southern India detained two construction company directors Sunday as rescuers using gas cutters and shovels searched for dozens of workers believed buried in the rubble of a building that collapsed during monsoon rains. It was one of two weekend building collapses that killed at least 22…DEAR ABBY: I recently took my children to spend a week with my mother-in-law, \"Bea.\" Three days after we arrived, my husband flew in to join us. The next day, Bea handed me a hotel room key and told me to take as many of the children as I wanted, but I could not take my husband because she never…The statements by Leanna Harris during police questioning echoed similar comments by her husband, Justin Harris, who has been charged with felony murder and second-degree child cruelty in the death of their son in an Atlanta suburb on June 18. Justin Harris told police he had recently conducted…A teenage girl died in Pakistan after being doused in petrol and set alight by a man who wanted to marry her but whose proposal had been rejected, police said Sunday. It was the second brutal killing in Pakistan\u0027s Punjab province within days, after a 17-year-old girl and her husband were murdered…Things got heated on Fox News Sunday when host Chris Wallace forcefully demanded answers on the questionable executive actions of President Obama from California Democratic Rep. Xavier Becerra. In a segment that also featured Republican congressman Bob Goodlatte, Wallace discussed House Speaker…Discover a safe, natural sleep-aid that is helping people of all ages get the best sleep of their life.PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Authorities on Sunday were investigating how a metal security grate detached and fell from the facade of an Italian ice shop, killing a 3-year-old girl in front of dozens of people who tried to rescue her.After the United States delayed a sale of fighter jets to Iraq, Russia sold planes to the Iraqi government. Now they\u0027ve sent military experts to Baghdad.  Gen. Anwar Hama Ameen, who heads the Iraqi air force, explained that the secondhand jets would quickly be deployed in the government\u0027s fight…Honda\u0027s first business jet has logged its maiden flight ahead of its expected certification and delivery next year, the Japanese company said in a weekend press release. The 84-minute flight of the first production HondaJet took place on Friday near the world headquarters of Honda Aircraft, the…The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant jihadist group, which spearheaded a sweeping militant assault that overran swathes of Iraq, is now claiming leadership of the world\u0027s Muslims. Known for its ruthless tactics and suicide bombers, ISIL has carried out frequent bombings and shootings in Iraq,…A black man in New Jersey has filed a lawsuit against his former employer, Benjamin Moore Paints, which he says named one of its paint colors after him and then fired him when he complained. Clinton Tucker, who managed online sales for Benjamin Moore, which is owned by the conglomerate Berkshire…A jihadist group in Syria has publicly executed and crucified nine men, eight of them rebels fighting both President Bashar al-Assad\u0027s regime and the jihadists, a monitor said on Sunday. The report comes amid fierce clashes on the outskirts of Damascus between the Islamic State of Iraq and the…Mary\u0027s blood sugar is steady at 95. Connie\u0027s morning sugar is averaging 90 to 95 (she\u0027s 20 lbs lighter, too). Do they know a secret that you don\u0027t?Days after North Korea\u0027s Kim Jong-un declared a fatwa against actors Seth Rogen and James Franco, the rogue country conducted a missile test off its coast. A South Korean military official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, citing department rules, said the missiles were fired from Wonsan and…ROGERS, Ark. (AP) — Stacy Lewis has worked tirelessly over her career to embrace the overwhelming support in her adopted state of Arkansas.BLOOMSBURG, Pa. (AP) — A vendor accidentally shot a woman in the leg while demonstrating a gun and holster at a central Pennsylvania gun show, police said.Pope Francis conducts a mass before presenting palliums to Archbishops in Saint Peter\u0027s Basilica at the Vatican, Filipino Muslim students hold a prayer before starting to read the Koran at a classroom inside the Al-satie Mosque in Manila and Netherlands\u0027 Klaas-Jan Huntelaar celebrates after scoring…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Dust yourself off and try again Lifetime Network: Zendaya will no longer play Aaliyah in an upcoming film.SAO PAULO (AP) — Mario Alejandro Barrientos hid his hurt over Mexico\u0027s World Cup elimination beneath the brim of a humongous sombrero.Your favorite stores delivered. Get 6 months free delivery.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistSun, Jun 29Widely known and highly respected in the industry, Black Book offers a free, quick \u0026 accurate trade-in value for your used car and a new car quote.Juicing is a popular trend driven by celebrities, but doesn\u0027t actually work. Here\u0027s the alternative that has helped thousands of men and women by 950%Compare rates from over 700,000 hotels to find the best deal on your Las Vegas room. Available now on trivago!The Casper is a mattress that\u0027s worth talking about. It has just the right sink and bounce. Try a risk-free trial with free shipping and returns.Free Rich Dad Finance Seminars. In the San Francisco Area July 15-19. Learn ways to create additional income today! Win a free kindle. Register Now!","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFeaturedAl-Qaida breakaway formally declares Islamic StateObama: European jihadists threaten USSyria threat could prompt changes at airportsShooting, stabbing cast shadow over BET Awards\u0027Nanny from hell\u0027 could leave California home: reportCasino Slots OnlineMarine who disappeared in Iraq in 2004 back in USTwo buildings collapse in India (26 photos)MOTHER TELLS SON\u0027S WIFE TO GET LOST DURING VISITDead Georgia boy\u0027s mom researched how kids die in cars: policePakistan girl burned alive for rejecting marriage proposalChris Wallace Confronts Dem Congressman On Obama’s Executive Actions: ‘Is He Rewriting The Law?’ [VIDEO]Brand New Sleep-Aid Takes Walgreens by StormGirl, 3, ID\u0027d as victim of Italian ice shop doorThumbing Its Nose at U.S., Russia Sends Military Experts to IraqHonda\u0027s first jet takes to the skiesISIL: jihadist group claiming world leadershipFired Black Employee Sues Paint Company Over Racist Paint NamesISIL crucifies 9 men in Syria\u0027s Aleppo: NGOThe Simple Secret For Normal Blood Sugar LevelsNorth Korea Fires Two Missiles; Seth Rogen and James Franco UnharmedLewis shoots 65 to win NW Arkansas ChampionshipCops: Vendor shoots woman at Pennsylvania gun showPhotos of the day - June 29, 2014 (46 photos)Zendaya no longer playing Aaliyah in TV filmBRAZIL BEAT: Celebration to sadness for MexicoGoogle Shopping ExpressComicsHow Much is Your Used Car Worth in California?Why Juicing Doesn\u0027t Work - What\u0027s The Alternative?Las Vegas Hotels from $30 a Night Available NowLearn more about a mattress with ultimate comfort.Rich Dad Education San Francisco AreaFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":58,"second":28},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
