{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.A small town Texas police officer responding to an emergency call about a female with a gun has been suspended for shooting dead a 93-year-old woman in her home, authorities said on Thursday. Hearne police officer Stephen Stem fatally shot Pearlie Golden, who was brandishing a firearm, the…The United States on Thursday condemned \\\"ugly and disrespectful\\\" racist comments directed towards President Barack Obama by North Korea\u0027s official KCNA news agency. \\\"While the North Korean Government-controlled media are distinguished by their histrionics, these comments are particularly ugly…If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.A man from Weslaco, Texas was driving with his parents Tuesday afternoon over the Donna-Rio Bravo International Bridge across the United States-Mexico border, when he was stopped for what he thought was a routine check.US officials on Thursday voiced concern at the sale of French warships to Moscow as they mull tougher sanctions on Russia for the political upheaval triggered by the crisis in Ukraine. \\\"We have regularly and consistently expressed our concerns about this sale even before we had the latest Russian…It wound up causing approximately $25,000 in damage.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a young professional female with a military background. I\u0027m well-educated and have a great job. However, I am also tattooed. The design is a tasteful full sleeve, with some work on my chest and other arm. I will be attending a black tie affair for my boyfriend\u0027s company and am…“This guy is literally diagonal getting ready to hit this car. I\u0027m standing there like, \u0027This isn\u0027t real. We have to videotape this.’\"Warning: Video Contains Graphic Images.The Orange County Sheriff`s Department provided surveillance video of a man being struck by a hit-and-run driver in Stanton on April 23, 2014.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Other offers including double miles and 40k points or $100 cash!By Greg Torode and Charlie Zhu HONG KONG (Reuters) - China\u0027s decision to park its biggest mobile oil rig 120 miles off the Vietnamese coast has exposed how vulnerable Hanoi, and other littoral states of the South China Sea, are to moves by the region\u0027s dominant power to assert its territorial…By Jonathan Kaminsky OLYMPIA, Washington (Reuters) - A prominent Seattle attorney pleaded guilty on Wednesday to raping five immigrant women who worked at Asian massage parlors in the Seattle area in a deal expected to result in a 25-year prison sentence, prosecutors said. By pleading guilty,…By Andrew Osborn LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has deployed a destroyer to track an unusually large Russian naval task force transiting the English Channel, it said on Thursday and also noted a \\\"resurgence\\\" in Russian air activity close to its airspace. The Ministry of Defense said the decision to…CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — Wyoming, the nation\u0027s top coal-producing state, is the first to reject new K-12 science standards proposed by national education groups mainly because of global warming components.Investigators were continuing to process the scene of a fire at a million dollar home owned by former tennis star James Blake where the bodies of two adults and two teenagers were found.In the new trailer for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, our good pal Caesar is still working on his language development, and also working on that thing where he\u0027s amassed an army of his own kind that will end up ridding the planet of humans once and for all. For now, though, it looks like Jason…Did you know that your record is online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Michael Andretti thought he had experienced everything at Indianapolis Motor Speedway — until he strolled down pit row Thursday.Gender stereotypes strike again. This time an after-school club in the U.K. has given five-year-old Romeo Clarke the boot—not because he’s committing offenses like biting other children or swearing at teachers. Nope, the child’s intolerable infraction is that he likes to wear princess dresses.…Why one blogger says SHAPE made her feel ashamed after losing 170 pounds.Batumi (Georgia) (AFP) - A US warship arrived on Thursday in Georgia\u0027s port of Batumi, the US embassy said, sending a message of support to NATO allies amid the spiralling crisis in neighbouring Ukraine. The USS Taylor\u0027s \\\"presence in Georgia reaffirms the United States\u0027 commitment to strengthening…The insurgency waged by Boko Haram\u0027s leader Abubakar Muhammad Shekau, who claimed the kidnapping of more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls, has grown so ruthless that even former Islamist allies have cut ties. Born in a village in Nigeria\u0027s northeastern Yobe state on the border with Niger, Shekau had a…CAIRO (AP) — Archeologists have found a tomb dating back to around 1100 B.C. south of Cairo, Egypt\u0027s Antiquities Ministry said Thursday.Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.Thu, May 8","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"S. Korean families turned away from palaceBitterly divided House votes to launch new Benghazi investigationThe \u0027essential skills\u0027 needed to be an Obama \u0027ambassadonor\u0027Texas police officer shoots dead 93-year-old womanUS condemns N.Korea\u0027s \u0027ugly\u0027 racist Obama remarksA Simple Way to Pay Off MortgageA seemingly innocent Texas license plate got a man stopped by Mexican soldiers at the borderUS voices \u0027concerns\u0027 at sale of French warships to RussiaFlorida woman gets land-clearing company to bulldoze trailer of neighbor she doesn’t likeSLEEVE TATTOO COULD RAISE EYEBROWS AT BLACK TIE EVENTMan’s attempt to pull out of parking spot is truly awful (with video)Warning: Video Contains Graphic Images of Man Being Hit by a TruckCredit Cards Now Offering 0% APR for 18 Months.China\u0027s oil rig move leaves Vietnam, others looking vulnerableSeattle lawyer pleads guilty to raping massage therapistsUK deploys destroyer to track large Russian naval task forceWyoming is 1st state to reject science standardsBodies found after fire at tennis star\u0027s home\u0027Dawn of the Planet of the Apes\u0027 Trailer: Is This the Ape v. Man Battle We\u0027ve Been Waiting For?New Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordDrivers, teams contend with new oddities at Indy5-Year-Old Boy Who Wears Princess Dresses Booted From After-School ProgramDid SHAPE Magazine shame weight loss star?US warship arrives in Georgia amid Ukraine crisisBoko Haram leader Shekau made group more ruthlessTomb dating back to 1100 B.C. found in EgyptThe Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":1,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
