{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Jack the Ripper, one of the most notorious serial killers in history, has been identified through DNA traces found on a shawl, claims a sleuth in a book out on Tuesday. The true identity of Jack the Ripper, whose grisly murders terrorised the murky slums of Whitechapel in east London in 1888, has…Clever method to refinance guarantees profits for homeowners, reduces monthly payments, and pays down mortgages faster.Ray Rice was let go by the Baltimore Ravens on Monday and suspended indefinitely by the NFL after a video was released showing the running back striking his then-fiancee in February. The grainy video, released by TMZ Sports, shows Rice and Janay Palmer in an elevator at an Atlantic City casino.…Molly Glynn, an accomplished Chicago theater actress who also played a recurring role as a doctor on the TV series \"Chicago Fire,\" has died after a tree toppled by a powerful storm struck her as she rode her bike in a forest park. Glynn was with her husband, Joe Foust, when the storm rolled quickly…Ricky Roy House Jr., 37, and his girlfriend, Kendra Tooley, 44, were formally charged during a hearing in Posey Circuit Court in Mount Vernon, where a judge appointed public defenders for the pair and entered not guilty pleas on their behalf. The Evansville woman\u0027s ordeal began July 9 when House,…The death of girl group singer Simone Battle was ruled a suicide by hanging, authorities said Sunday. The cause of death was determined two days after the 25-year-old Battle was found dead in her West Hollywood home, Los Angeles County Coroner\u0027s Lt. Fred Corral said. Battle became known through her…A 16-year-old high school girl in Rock Hill, S.C. told police that another high school girl taunted her on a school bus and then beat her up after she got off the bus. A Rock Hill police report notes that witnesses told the same basic story. One witness, Shelly Hemphill, is the mother of one of the…One of the largest marine scrap yards on the East Coast, the Witte Marine Scrap Yard is located on Arthur Kill Road in Rossville. Now officially known as the Donjon Iron and Metal Scrap Processing Facility, the scrap yard was opened in 1964 by J. Arnold Witte Sr. The scrap yard is known for its…Looking for a high-end car without a high-end price? We list the best deals on luxury sedans, coupes, and even 3 SUVs to make you feel like royalty!Howard Stern delivered the eulogy, Broadway singer-actress Audra McDonald sang \"Smile\" and bagpipers played \"New York, New York\" at Joan Rivers\u0027 funeral Sunday, a star-studded send-off that — like the late comedian herself — brought together the worlds of Hollywood, theater, fashion and media. At a…Three elderly Italian nuns were raped and murdered in twin attacks in their convent in the capital of Burundi, police said Monday as a hunt was launched for their killers. Italian authorities named the first two killed as Olga Raschietti, 83, and Lucia Pulici, 75, both Roman Catholic nuns.…According to The Washington Post, Mexico owes the U.S. Since 1945, The United States and Mexico have abided by a water utilization treaty, which was put in place to settle disputes between the neighboring countries over the allocation of water supplies between the Colorado River and the Rio Grande.…Stitching together a broad coalition to tackle the extremist Islamic State group hinges on overcoming the reluctance of U.S. Key Sunni Arab states, Saudi Arabia chief among them, have wanted the U.S. The result is hesitation to answer President Barack Obama\u0027s call for a regional front against the…Doctors Without Borders shuttered one of its Ebola treatment centers in Guinea in May. They thought the deadly virus was being contained there. The Macenta region, right on the Liberian border, had been one of the first places where the outbreak surfaced, but they hadn\u0027t seen a new case for weeks.…Johnny Manziel did not throw a pass. Neither did Blake Bortles or Teddy Bridgewater. Unlike in recent years — think Andrew Luck or Robert Griffin III, Cam Newton or Matthew Stafford — quarterbacks taken in the first round of the NFL draft sat instead of starting in Week 1.Like to Drive? Know the City? Apply to be a Driver with Uber. It\u0027s Easy and A Great Way to Make Some Extra Cash. Click To Get Started Now!The CIA tortured Al-Qaeda suspects \"to the point of death\" by drowning them in water-filled baths, Britain\u0027s Daily Telegraph reported on Monday, ahead of the publication of a US Senate report on interrogation techniques. The paper quoted one security source as saying the torture of at least two…Two Delaware teens have been charged with assaulting a mentally disabled man after they complained to police that they were being harassed because of a video of the attack posted to social media, authorities said Monday. Personal contact information for the Newark teens, 13 and 14, was shared…An Illinois woman has been charged with the murder of her young daughter. 32-year-old Nicolette Lawrence is being held on a $5 million dollars bond after her 11-year-old daughter Raasania Coley died Saturday. Lawrence told investigators she hit the girl in the stomach earlier last week and an…An Afghan judge on Sunday sentenced seven men to death for the gang-rape of four women in a case that sparked nationwide outrage and highlighted the violence women face despite reforms since the Taliban era. The seven men, who stood in the dock dressed in brown traditional clothing, were found…The father of a man fatally shot by police at an Ohio Wal-Mart says a cellphone call in which he said he heard his son\u0027s dying breaths keeps replaying in his head. John Crawford Jr. talked about that last day of son\u0027s life to The Cincinnati Enquirer (http://cin.ci/1rQ47PO) in a telephone interview…When attackers from China\u0027s minority Uighurs killed 37 people in a July rampage in far western Xinjiang, police responded by gunning down at least 59 of them. The incidents are part of a pattern raising concerns that Chinese police are excessively using deadly force in their bid to prevent more…Find out who the Candidates are in your area! Follow Candidates to stay up to date with their campaign. Search your Elections on VoteForMe.com!A second member of the South Korean band Ladies\u0027 Code died from injuries sustained from a motor accident, her management said Sunday. Kwon Ri-sae, 23, died Sunday morning at a hospital in Suwon, just south of Seoul. Fellow band member Go Eun-bi died shortly after a van carrying the group crashed…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Sep 8","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFourth Ebola patient to be flown to U.S. for careKerry: New Iraq gov\u0027t is key to militants\u0027 defeatObama to press Congress for action on Islamic StateJack the Ripper identified through DNA traces: sleuthCalifornia Homeowners Can Profit by Refinancing?Ravens cut RB Ray Rice after release of videoChicago actress dies after being struck by treeIndiana couple charged with holding woman captiveDeath of singer Simone Battle is ruled suicideHigh School Girl Taunted, Beaten At Bus Stop For Acting ‘Too Much Like A White Person’Staten Island ship graveyard (24 photos)10 Best Luxury Cars Under $40,000Joan Rivers remembered at star-studded funeralElderly Italian nuns raped, murdered in BurundiTexas Is Mad Mexico Won\u0027t Share the Rio Grande\u0027s WaterUS faces Arab reluctance in Islamic State fightEbola is surging in places it had been beaten backIn case you missed it: Manziel sits, flags flyNeed Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!CIA tortured suspects to \u0027the point of death\u0027: reportTeens arrested in assault of mentally disabled manPolice: 11-Year-Old Girl Dies After Mother Hit Her In StomachAfghan rape gang sentenced to death after national outrageFather hears son dying in Ohio Wal-Mart shootingKillings by China anti-terror cops raise concernsNeed Info on Political Candidates?Second member of K-pop group dies from car crashComics10 Best Luxury Cars Under $40,000Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":5,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
