{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Turn away if you happen to be reading this while eating seafood…or any food, really. Binh Nguyen of Spartenburg, South Carolina, posted a stomach turning sight he witnessed at his local Costco store.It was an act that one might think would earn her praise from her school,.Join us for Than Merrill\u0027s, the star of A\u0026E\u0027s \u0027Flip this House,\u0027 free 2 hour training event in the San Francisco area. Register before seats are gone!The U.S. military spent decades pivoting away from its Cold War stance. Now the Pentagon is less prepared than it has been in generations for a confrontation with Russia.HOUSTON (AP) — A house overflowing with more than 100 people presumed to be in the U.S. illegally was uncovered just outside Houston on Wednesday, a police spokesman said.KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Search planes joined a freighter early Friday to scan rough seas in one of the remotest places on Earth after satellite images detected possible pieces from the missing Malaysia Airlines plane in the southern Indian Ocean.Some U.S. lawmakers are getting a good laugh at Russian President Vladimir Putin’s expense today. The announcement that Russia would respond to U.S. sanctions with penalties of their own aimed at U.S. officials and lawmakers hasn’t exactly gotten the response that Putin perhaps expected. Related:...A truly remarkable and rare occurrence was captured on camera overseas as rainfall sent water gushing down a river for the first time in years.DEAR ABBY: Due to various anti-drug lectures he was exposed to at school, my 13-year-old son believes that marijuana is not only illegal, but also is very bad for you. He said it is poison. My state has recently legalized marijuana and I am at a loss about how to explain to him that pot is no…Get quality laminate flooring starting at $0.49/ sq ft. Browse our wide selection today!Families in the foothills are reacting to news of a high school science teacher with plans to unveil his new gender identity after spring break.LOS ANGELES (AP) — A police officer who distributed an evidence photo depicting Rihanna\u0027s injuries after she was attacked by Chris Brown was properly fired for her actions, a judge ruled Thursday.When the junior class at Riverton High School in Riverton, Utah, crowned their queen at the junior class prom, they thought the 2014 prom queen was in the school’s record books for good. Little did they know that just three days later they would have...Faced with shrinking in-cabin luggage allowances, most airline passengers feel they can do little more than complain. But one fourth of international travelers surveyed by Skyscanner take their discontent one step further, finding ways around restrictions they find too drastic. Even more defiant,…SAN DIEGO (AP) — So you were confident in your bracket, hoping to win the office pool, maybe get lucky and take down that $1 billion prize Warren Buffett is offering for a perfect run of picks.\u0027Glee\u0027 was once so fresh and fun and clever that it made us want to sing. Now, after 100 episodes, we just want to throw a slushie in its face.Our experts have put together a list of the best SUVs for great prices. Starting at $25,000, we countdown the best SUVs for less!Two men and two women beat a man and left him to be attacked by wolves in the northern Wisconsin woods after accusing him of inappropriately touching a child, prosecutors said Wednesday. Raymond Jones, 45, his wife April, 38, their son Justin Bey, 21 and his friend Samantha McClellan, 18, were…A Texas family grew from three to eight this week after a mother gave birth to quintuplets. Michelle Seals, the proud mother, gave birth to four girls and one boy though a cesarean section Tuesday afternoon at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas. “We are...These stunning portraits of Siamese fighting fish seemingly floating in mid air are reel-y some-fin special. With their long flowing fins and brilliant colors, this striking series of photographs show the elegant animal in all of its beauty. Photographer, Visarute Angkatavanich, 43, created the…By Phil Stewart and David Alexander WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Thursday it was focusing for now on Ukrainian requests for non-lethal support, as opposed to any weaponry, as a senior U.S. official said Washington wanted to avoid further militarizing the standoff with Russia.…The Fed’s latest data shows that its foreign account holdings dipped $118 billion in two weeks and Russia’s central bank is the likely culprit.During the day, these women hold corporate jobs. But on their off hours, they embrace \u0027kawaii,\u0027 the trend of dressing in a cute, almost child-like style, to flaunt individuality.Full Sail University\u0027s business programs are centered on industry innovations that meet the needs of today\u0027s rapidly shifting economy.Fri, Mar 21","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedSearch resumes for possible jet debrisPutin inner circle target of US, Europe sanctionsTurkey blocks Twitter after PM\u0027s threat to \u0027wipe out\u0027 serviceMan finds live worm in package of fish from CostcoStudent takes razor from classmate hurting himself, gets suspended and faces expulsion [UPDATED]Free Real Estate Event in San Francisco 4/3-4/5!Pentagon Not Ready for Cold War 2More than 100 people found in house in Texas\u0027Best lead\u0027 in plane search: 2 objects seen in seaUS Lawmakers Laugh Off Putin\u0027s SanctionsIncredible Video Shows River Returning to the Desert in Israel After Years of DroughtMom Seeks Guidance For Son Questioning Legal MarijuanaUpgrade Your Home with Quality Laminate FlooringYosemite High School teacher undergoing gender transformationFiring of officer who shared Rihanna photo upheldProm Queen Gives Her Crown to Special Needs StudentTravelers cheat to get around airline baggage restrictionsNCAA upsets crush bracket hopesWhat Went Wrong With \u0027Glee\u0027?10 Best SUVs Under $25,000Man beaten, left in Wisconsin woods for wolves: prosecutorsTexas Mom Gives Birth to QuintupletsStunning portraits of Siamese fighting fish (13 photos)U.S. eyes military supplies for Ukraine, seeks to avoid escalationDid Russia Dump Its U.S. Bonds?The Cute Streets of TokyoLearn the Skills the Business World NeedsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":49,"second":45},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
