{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"With Shark Week on the Discovery Channel just ending, it\u0027s understandable that you may have the carnivorous fish on the mind and think that such a dangerous predator should be avoided at all costs. A certain grouper clearly didn\u0027t think so. In this video, which was featured on the front page of…Your favorite stores delivered. Get 6 months free delivery.FERGUSON, Mo. (AP) — A white police officer whose shooting death of an unarmed black 18-year-old ignited racial upheaval in a St. Louis suburb has been characterized as either an aggressor whose deadly gunfire constituted a daylight execution or a law enforcer wrongly maligned for just doing his job.Images via Raquel Zaldivar No one struts it down a slackline like Megan Johnson, our final Hottest Trainer contestant. Not only is she the co-founder of Slackroduo, a fitness brand she created with...On Tuesday night, Islamic State released a video of its fighters beheading James Foley, who was kidnapped in Syria nearly two years ago. The black-clad executioner, who spoke English with a British accent, also produced another American journalist and said his fate depends on President Barack…BEIJING (AP) — Jackie Chan apologized to the public Wednesday over his son\u0027s detention on drug charges in Beijing, saying he\u0027s ashamed and saddened.Wedding season is upon us. It\u0027s understandable that some people get cold feet, but this guy went to extremes to avoid getting married — by faking his own death. Tucker Blandford, 23, met his bride-to-be, Alex Lanchester, in August 2012 at a college in Connecticut. They hit it off and quickly fell…It has laid waste to the tribal chiefdoms of Sierra Leone, leaving hundreds dead, but the Ebola crisis began with just one healer\u0027s claims to special powers. Cases from Guinea were crossing into Sierra Leone for treatment,\" Mohamed Vandi, the top medical official in the hard-hit district of Kenema,…You don\u0027t have to spend a fortune to ride in style. We list this year\u0027s cars that are sure to make your friends jealous of your cool factor.President Barack Obama is considering key changes in the nation\u0027s immigration system requested by tech, industry and powerful interest groups, in a move that could blunt Republicans\u0027 election-year criticism ...PORTLAND, Oregon (AP) — An immigration judge has dismissed the case against a 19-year-old Oregon woman who faced possible deportation to Mexico after she drove an SUV into a leaf pile, accidentally killing two young girls playing in it.Nightly chaos in the St. Louis suburb is getting all the attention, but the vast majority of those protesting have been peaceful. Here\u0027s a look at the some of the moments that are not making the front pages. (Yahoo News) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr.PALMDALE, Calif. (AP) — Graphic grand jury testimony reveals details of the abuse suffered by an 8-year-old Los Angeles County boy allegedly battered to death by his mother and her boyfriend.A Ukrainian warplane was blown out of the sky over rebel-held territory Wednesday as fierce clashes between government troops and pro-Russian insurgents left dozens of civilians dead. Fighting intensified as Kiev appeared to ramp up a deadly offensive to crush the ailing rebellion in the east ahead…By Marice Richter DALLAS (Reuters) - The father of the Texas teenager who killed four people while driving drunk and claimed his family\u0027s wealth was partially to blame has been arrested for impersonating a police officer, legal documents showed. Frederick Anthony Couch was arrested on Tuesday for…With Capella\u0027s online accredited programs, earn a graduate degree and save up to $10K . Sign up today.Once again, we\u0027re reminded that President Obama is aloof and hasn\u0027t made friends in Congress, even with his fellow Democrats, thanks to a new story from The New York Times. The Times story interviews several Democrats, including Sen. Harry Reid\u0027s chief of staff, Sen. Joe Manchin and others, most of…By Shereen Lehman NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - A long-term study of Swedish men finds that those who smoked marijuana at age 18, especially the heaviest users, were more likely to end up on the nation’s disability rolls by age 59. “There is reason to believe that the associations found in our study…Negotiators worked late into the night in an effort to persuade two men barricaded in a home in the southern Chicago suburb of Harvey to end their standoff with police and release the last of six children and two adults they took hostage. Four of the children had been released after hours of talks…LONDON (AP) — Islamic militants are using a beheading video to send a chilling message — not just through the gruesome act, but also by the choice of messenger.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m married to the love of my life. I can\u0027t imagine loving a man more than I love \"Wayne,\" and I know he feels the same about me. The problem is, he\u0027s always telling stories about things he has done, including past relationships, in graphic detail. I have heard all of them repeatedly,…An Israeli cabinet minister on Wednesday justified an air strike on Gaza that killed the wife and child of Hamas military leader Mohammed Deif, saying he was a legitimate target. \"Mohammed Deif deserves to die just like (the late Al-Qaeda leader Osama) bin Laden. He is an arch murderer and as long…With a wide selection of great furniture pieces and hundreds of fabrics to choose from, La-Z-Boy has more than just recliners.BEIJING (AP) — Chinese and Russian state media have seized on the U.S. police shooting of an unarmed black 18-year-old and ensuing protests to fire back at Washington\u0027s criticisms of their own governments, portraying the United States as a land of inequality and brutal police tactics.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistWed, Aug 20","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsU.S. rescue mission for Foley, others failedVideo: Cop in Ferguson shooting was lauded for previous struggleOfficer who pointed gun, cursed at protesters suspendedGrouper Eats Shark in One Bite in Viral VideoGoogle Shopping ExpressPicture emerges of officer in Ferguson shootingHottest Trainer 2014: Hottest Trainer Contestant #8: Megan JohnsonIslamic State opens new anti-U.S. front with beheading videoJackie Chan expresses shame over son\u0027s drug arrestMan Fakes Own Death to Avoid Upcoming WeddingSierra Leone\u0027s 365 Ebola deaths traced back to one healer10 Coolest Cars Under $25,000Obama weighs broader move on legal immigration19-year-old in leaf-pile deaths avoids deportationThe peaceful side of the Ferguson protests (13 photos)Boy\u0027s alleged abuse described in graphic testimonyUkraine warplane shot down as clashes kill dozensFather of Texas \u0027affluenza\u0027 teen arrested for impersonating police officerEarn Your Degree for Less at CapellaA Brief History of President Obama Not Having Any FriendsHeavy pot use in teen years may predict later-life disabilityChicago hostage standoff (17 photos)Militants use British killer as propagandaHUSBAND WHO RELIVES HIS PAST SHOULD FOCUS ON HIS PRESENTHamas leader Deif \u0027deserves to die\u0027: Israeli ministerHuge Deals This Labor Day WeekendChinese, Russian media turn criticisms back on USComics10 Coolest Cars Under $25,000Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":11,"second":29},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
