{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The United States on Thursday said Russia had boosted its military flights near US shores and brusquely warned Moscow to abide by international law. The European Leadership Network detailed at least nine incidents over the past few months of either near misses between Russian and North American…Visit this site to sign up for free samples in the mail! No purchase necessary. Sign up to get yours!By Laura Zuckerman (Reuters) - Wyoming authorities on Thursday warned residents of a sprawling Indian reservation to be on the lookout for a dangerous predator suspected in the death of a 40-year-old woman who died after being attacked by at least one unidentified animal. The warning from Fremont…By Bill Cotterell TALLAHASSEE Fla. (Reuters) - A man convicted of fatally shooting his sleeping wife, then raping and murdering her 10-year-old daughter, was scheduled to die by injection Thursday evening at Florida State Prison after spending almost half his life on death row. Attorneys for…By Shelby Sebens (Reuters) - A Willamette University football player from California has been charged with murder after a 66-year-old man was found dead near an intersection in Salem, Oregon, prosecutors said on Thursday. Authorities said Beau W. Smith, a 22-year-old senior at Willamette, a private…By Keith Coffman DENVER (Reuters) - A father of four malnourished boys found living amid cat feces in a squalid Denver home and unable to speak except by grunts pleaded guilty on Thursday to felony child abuse, prosecutors said. Wayne Sperling, 66, was arrested last year along with his common-law…By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An influential group of U.S. lawmakers, including John McCain, in line to become the head of the Senate\u0027s powerful Armed Services Committee, on Thursday pledged to thwart the Pentagon\u0027s plans to retire the U.S. fleet of A-10 \"Warthog\" aircraft. The…Archaeologists are holding their breath that a skeleton found in a mysterious, richly-decorated tomb from the time of Alexander the Great will solve the riddle of who ancient Greece\u0027s biggest burial mound was built for. Having dug their way past huge decapitated sphinxes, broken through a wall…Interested in enhancing your investment portfolio with gold \u0026 silver? Check up to the minute prices, read our beginners guide \u0026 shop a wide selection.An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 4.8 shook parts of Kansas and Oklahoma on Wednesday, the largest since a series of temblors began rattling Kansas a little more than a year ago. The quake\u0027s epicenter was near the town of Conway Springs, about 25 miles southwest of Wichita, according to…The release of a newly discovered, uncensored 1964 letter from the Federal Bureau of Investigation to civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr., urging him, in graphic language, to kill himself, has experts on contemporary race relations pointing to a glass both half empty and half full.Thomas Eric Duncan\u0027s Children and Parents Get Settlement, Fiancee Gets NothingDENVER (AP) — A man accused of pushing his wife to her death off a cliff in Colorado\u0027s Rocky Mountain National Park also killed his first wife 17 years earlier, prosecutors said Wednesday, and a judge agreed the cases were \"glaringly\" similar.By Joe McDonald EAST STROUDSBURG Pa. (Reuters) - A survivalist charged with shooting two Pennsylvania state troopers, one of them fatally, who then eluded a 48-day manhunt by hiding in the woods told police after his capture that he ambushed the men because he \"wanted to make a change\" in…Prince Harry, Honorary Air Commandant, visits RAF Honington in Bury St Edmunds, England, U.S. President Barack Obama listens with an earphone in his ear for translation as Myanmar President Thein Sein speaks during the group photo for the 2nd ASEAN-United States Summit in Naypyitaw, Myanmar and…The fastest growing floor-care brand in the UK (according to GFK) is now in the US. The AirRam is light, cordless and powerful.St. Louis-area resident Carolyn Colburn opened her front door two nights ago and found a bulletin from the City of Berkeley, Mo. “The grand jury decision regarding the Ferguson police officer shooting of Michael Brown is expected this month — rumored as the middle of November, possibly this week,”…WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama is poised to act soon to unveil a series of executive actions on immigration that will shield possibly around 5 million immigrants living in the U.s. illegally from deportation, according to advocates in touch with the White House.NEW YORK (AP) — Angus Young of AC/DC says his band mates have not been in touch with Phil Rudd since he was charged with threatening to kill and possessing methamphetamine and marijuana last week.DENVER (Reuters) - An accident at a fracking site in Colorado killed one Halliburton Co worker and seriously injured two on Thursday as they tried to thaw a high-pressure water line that had frozen in record-breaking cold conditions, the company said. The local fire department said one person was…UPPER MARLBORO, Md. (AP) — A former Maryland police officer convicted in a shooting that paralyzed a handcuffed suspect from the waist down was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison, far less time than prosecutors had requested.By Janice Neumann (Reuters Health) - More people are dying from melanomas thinner than a dime than from the thicker cancerous skin lesions long thought to be more dangerous, according to a new study from Queensland, Australia. Thin tumors, which are less often lethal but far more common, accounted…Find fabulous deals on a fantastic selection of men\u0027s winter boots. Columbia, Timberland, Sorel and more!Russia’s announcement Wednesday that it plans to send long-range bombers to patrol the skies of America’s backyard over the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico may have sounded to many Americans like the stuff of the Cold War.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistThu, Nov 13","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsMissouri town told to prepare for worstWhat is a lame-duck politician? And is it always a bad thing?Report: Ebola-infected surgeon to be flown to NebraskaRussian military flights near US raise concernPiles of Freebies Shipped Out Daily!Wyoming authorities warn of dangerous wildlife predator on the looseFlorida to execute man who killed wife and stepdaughter in 1992College football player in Oregon charged with murderFather of boys found in squalid Denver home pleads guilty to abuseMcCain, other US lawmakers, vow to save A-10 \u0027Warthog\u0027 aircraftGreece holds breath as skeleton found in Alexander-era tombSee How Gold \u0026 Silver Markets are Doing TodayEarthquake rattles parts of Kansas and Oklahoma (8 photos)FBI letter to Martin Luther King, riddled with abuse, urges suicideLate Ebola Patient\u0027s Fiancee Gets Nothing in Hospital SettlementMan held without bond in wife\u0027s fall deathSniper shot Pennsylvania troopers to \u0027wake people up\u0027: policePhotos of the day - November 13, 2014 (20 photos)Is This the Best Vacuum Cleaner Ever?Ferguson\u0027s neighbor warns residents to prepare for the worstAP Sources: Obama order to affect millions in USAC/DC members not in touch with Rudd since chargesHalliburton worker killed in Colorado fracking accident5 years for officer who shot handcuffed suspectThin melanomas cause greater number of deathsMen\u0027s Winter Boots . Awesome SavingsWhat is Vladimir Putin up to sending Russian bombers close to the US?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":45,"second":28},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
