{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A college student from Winnetka, Illinois jumped into a cab for a short ride to a restaurant in downtown Chicago, but instead of a couple dollars, she was charged almost $800.BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand\u0027s military said Tuesday that its radar detected a plane that may have been Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 just minutes after the jetliner\u0027s communications went down, and that it didn\u0027t share the information with Malaysia earlier because it wasn\u0027t specifically asked for it.Get quality laminate flooring starting at $0.49/ sq ft. Browse our wide selection today!DEAR ABBY: I have been married for 40 years. Like all married couples, we have had our ups and downs, but we have a good marriage. We have two children and five grandchildren. I wouldn\u0027t change anything, except I never had an engagement ring. My husband has bought jewelry for me over the years, but…A news helicopter crashed and burst into flames in downtown Seattle on Tuesday, killing two people on board and setting cars on fire in a popular tourist area near the Space Needle, police and fire officials said. The chopper appears to have fallen to the street as it attempted to take off from a…Their locks had been changed, the power had been turned off, and items were missing.Ukraine ratcheted up its standoff with the Kremlin on Tuesday by threatening to nationalise Russian property in response to Crimea\u0027s claims to its own assets in the breakaway Black Sea peninsula. President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday signed a treaty making Crimea part of Russia following the…The Burmese python has a built-in compass that allows it to slither home in a near-straight line even if released dozens of kilometres away, researchers said Wednesday. Although native to South and Southeast Asia, the snakes have taken up residence in South Florida\u0027s Everglades National Park,…By Victoria Cavaliere NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New Jersey teenager who drew international attention when she sued her parents for financial support after leaving home in a dispute on Tuesday dropped the case against them, according to court records. Rachel Canning, 18, filed papers to dismiss the…Affordable health plans for families and individuals from a company you can trust. Get your free quote from Anthem Blue CrossIsrael\u0027s defense minister has accused the United States of projecting weakness internationally and said Israel could not rely on its main ally to take the lead in confronting Iran over its nuclear program. Moshe Yaalon, whose remarks were reported in the Haaretz daily on Tuesday, caused friction…The Pacific Ocean is truly a marvel. It is large and beautiful and a little bit car-hungry, as visitors in Lincoln City, Oregon found out.Tiger Woods could miss next month\u0027s Masters after pulling out of the PGA Tour Arnold Palmer Invitational because of recurring back problems. The 38-year-old American has been struggling for weeks with back spasms and pain and said Tuesday he will not defend his title at this week\u0027s $6.2 million…A US judge ordered US rapper Chris Brown on Monday to remain behind bars for allegedly breaching his probation stemming from his notorious 2009 assault of then-girlfriend Rihanna. The 24-year-old, arrested Friday after being booted out of a rehab facility in Malibu, will have to stay in custody…TOKYO (AP) — Finding the missing Malaysian jetliner would be a coup for any of the more than two dozen countries out there looking. But for China and the United States, it\u0027s a lot more than that — it has been a chance for the two rival powers in the Pacific to show off what they can do in a…VATICAN CITY (AP) — The man who serves two popes has revealed that retired Pope Benedict XVI wrote four pages of critique and commentary on Pope Francis\u0027s landmark interview in which he blasted the church\u0027s obsession with \"small-minded\" rules.No medical exam. No waiting period. Buy direct. Monthly rates as low as: adults, $3.49 - children, $2.17. No phone required. Free information.New emails have been released from key members of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie`s administration that continue to shed light on the scandal that has plagued the governor for months.By Roberta Rampton WARSAW (Reuters) - The United States is considering sending troops for war games in the Baltic states bordering Russia, Vice President Joe Biden said on Tuesday in an effort to reassure NATO allies alarmed at the Kremlin\u0027s intervention in Ukraine. Moscow\u0027s despatch of troops to…But Buncombe County Schools in Asheville, N.C., seems to have completely missed that memo. Now one of the district\u0027s students, nine-year-old Grayson Bruce, is feeling the consequence of the adults in charge refusing to create a safe and welcoming school environment. Bruce is a huge My Little Pony…WASHINGTON (AP) — Ever since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared, a fascinated public has asked: Why can somebody in the cockpit shut off the transponder?(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it would offer an iPad 4 tablet in place of the mid-range iPad 2 at the same price and the company launched a cheaper, lower capacity version of its plastic-backed iPhone 5C in Australia, China and some European countries. The iPad 4 is available at $399 for the 16GB…Four children who were allegedly abducted by their biological parents from their grandmother`s Boyle Heights home were found Tuesday at the Mexico border, but the parents were still being sought, authorities said. Liberte Chan reports for the KTLA 5 News on March 18, 2014.Ride in style without breaking the bank! Our experts have picked the best cars that prove you really can have it all with luxury and affordability!Wed, Mar 19","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedRepublicans confident about Senate takeoverThai radar might have tracked missing planeJourney to the Medal of HonorWoman charged $787.33 for two-mile cab rideThailand gives radar data 10 days after plane lostUpgrade Your Home with Quality Laminate FlooringMan Refuses To Take The Hint And Buy His Wife A DiamondNews helicopter crash (18 photos)Couple returns from trip to discover their fully paid house has been mistakenly foreclosedUkraine threatens to seize Russian assetsPython\u0027s homing trick stuns scientistsNew Jersey teen drops lawsuit against parents over tuition moneyPractical Premiums, Quality BenefitsIsrael\u0027s defense chief says U.S. projecting weaknessPacific Ocean gobbles up car after owners park it on the beach (with photos)Woods an injury doubt for MastersRapper Chris Brown ordered to remain in custodySearch for lost jet tests China, US capabilitiesRetired Pope Benedict critiqued Francis\u0027 interview$1* Buys $50,000 Globe Life InsuranceBridgegate Grows As More Christie Staff Emails ReleasedU.S. suggests Baltics war games in response to Russian \"land grab\"School Tells Boy Bullied Over My Little Pony Lunchbox to Leave It at HomeWhy do airplane transponders have an \u0027off switch?\u0027Apple replaces iPad 2 with iPad 4, launches cheaper iPhone 5CParents Still Being Sought After 4 Children Found Safe at Mexico Border10 Best Luxury Cars Under $40,000ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":13,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
