{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A fledging actor and model was found on fire on top of a stalled commuter train in Connecticut and later died from his severe burn injuries, a transit spokesman said on Monday. The crew aboard a Metro-North train traveling from Stamford, Connecticut, to New York City discovered…These individuals decided that they didn\u0027t want to take multiple trips when it could all be done in one!LAS VEGAS (AP) — Lucy Flores was a candidate with a life story straight out of Hollywood — one of 13 children who grew up in a rough Las Vegas neighborhood, a former gang member who straightened out, went to law school, became a state legislator and now was running for lieutenant governor. She…Invading Iraq was the right decision, but former President George W. Bush does have one regret, he told CBS\u0027s Bob Schieffer on Face the Nation, in a wide-ranging interview Sunday that touched on brother Jeb Bush\u0027s potential presidential run, Bush 43\u0027s \"love letter\" to his father, and the…Family and friends of a young woman killed in a freak accident in Downtown Fresno are trying to grasp the loss of their loved one.Moscow (AFP) - A foul odour enveloped the Russian capital throughout the day on Monday, with concerned Muscovites flooding authorities with complaints and officials scrambling to locate the source of the stench.The dust and cobwebs lie thick after nearly a century, but the memory of the French soldier who grew up in this bedroom -- and who died in Belgium in World War I -- is today as vivid as the sunlight streaming through the window. Dragoons officer Hubert Rochereau\u0027s presence permeates the place. It…(Reuters) - The death of a 20-year-old man at a fraternity house near the University of California, Berkeley, following a party over the weekend was being investigated as suspicious, police said on Monday. Police officers and paramedics who responded to a call of an unresponsive male at the Zeta…The \"next big thing\" in tech is already in your living room, and these three stocks are poised to explode when cable finally diesTEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — In his 12th NFL season, Carson Palmer was having the time of his life.Supreme justice on Monday temporarily blocked gay marriage in Kansas a day before it was due to go into effect. Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued an order saying that the court wanted gay marriage advocates to respond to the state’s application seeking to put gay marriage on hold. District Court Judge…US President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin met briefly Monday in Beijing on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific summit, a senior US official said. The encounter between the two at an APEC summit in Beijing comes amid reports of armoured columns heading toward the pro-Moscow…BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — The large electrical transformers bound for Mexico were the perfect place to hide cocaine. It was a matter of chemistry to dilute the drug into an oil mixture that could be concealed as coolant, a job handled by a Mexican engineer working discretely in a suburban…Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s mother does not believe Oscar Pistorius accidentally killed her daughter and feels \"let down\" by South Africa\u0027s justice system, according to a memoir published Monday. In \"Reeva, a mother\u0027s story\" June Steenkamp said she believes Pistorius shot her 29-year-old daughter dead after…Michael Brown`s parents are traveling to Geneva, Switzerland on Monday to discuss racial profiling and human rights at the United Nations. The parents of Trayvon Martin also spoke at the United Nations recently about the same topic. Both Martin and Brown were unarmed when they were shot to death.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by an average of $4,100 a year. Here is how it works.A private Lear jet with nine passengers on board crashed on approach near Grand Bahama International Airport, killing everyone on the plane, including a prominent evangelical pastor and his wife.NEW YORK (AP) — Lara Logan of CBS News is being quarantined in a South Africa hotel for three weeks as a precaution after visiting an American-run hospital treating Ebola patients in Liberia for a \"60 Minutes\" report that aired Sunday.BALTIMORE (AP) — America\u0027s Catholic bishops came together Monday to project an image of unity, after a Vatican meeting on the family unleashed an uproar over the direction of the church.A teacher in a Dallas-area high school is learning the hard way that expressing an offensive opinion on a public platform has serious repercussions.WASHINGTON (AP) — Global warming is likely playing a bigger role than previously thought in dead zones in oceans, lakes and rivers around the world and it\u0027s only going to get worse, according to a new study.BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) — A Florida mother is home and tending to her new infant less than a month after surviving without a pulse for 45 minutes following complications from a routine cesarean section.Home Improvement launched Tim Allen \u0026 Jonathan Taylor Thomas into mainstream stardom. But most of the cast has not seen success since.A Palestinian teenager stabbed and critically wounded a young Israeli soldier on Monday as unrest which has already rocked Jerusalem and the north spread to coastal Tel Aviv. Police described the incident as a \"terror attack\" and said the perpetrator, who was arrested shortly afterwards, was a…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Nov 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsN.Y. doctor infected with Ebola to be released from hospitalStandoff at Oklahoma office complex comes to endSupreme Court justice temporarily blocks gay marriage in KansasActor found on fire atop a New York-bound train, later dies34 Cars Carrying WAY Too Much Stuff!GOP wave decimates Democratic benchWhat is George W. Bush\u0027s only regret over invading Iraq?Vigil held for woman killed in freak accident in Downtown Fresno\u0027Did the gates of Hell open up in Moscow?\u0027 ask Russian nosesIn France, a WWI soldier\u0027s bedroom frozen in timeMan found dead at U.C. Berkeley frat house after party3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable DiesCarson Palmer\u0027s big season reaches ugly endU.S. justice temporarily blocks gay marriage in KansasObama and Putin meet briefly in BeijingDrug cartels find Argentina attractive transit wayI don\u0027t believe Pistorius, says Steenkamp\u0027s motherMichael Brown`s Parents To Discuss Racial Profiling At United NationsAn Extremely Brilliant Way To Pay Off MortgageProminent Evangelical Pastor, Wife Among 9 Dead in Bahamas Jet CrashCBS\u0027 Logan quarantined after Ebola reportUS Catholic bishops try to calm anxiety over popeWill Texas teacher be fired after offensive tweet causes firestorm?Study: Global warming worsening watery dead zonesFlorida woman survives 45 minutes with no pulseWhere Are They Now? The Cast of \"Home Improvement\"Palestinian stabs Israeli soldier as tensions hit Tel AvivComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":14,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
