{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Woman finds body in trunk, learns it\u0027s her neighbor LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A Southern California woman who found a dead body in the trunk of her Lexus after shopping over the weekend discovered that the man was a neighbor, police said on Monday. The woman, who was not identified by authorities,…The wrong questions can tank even the best interview. Here are five questions you should never ask in a job interview.Megan Doto, who was eight months pregnant, was struck in the face Sunday morning by one of more than 10 bullets fired at a car a block away, police Capt. James Clark said. Doto, a 25-year-old mother of two other children, was pronounced dead early Sunday afternoon after being rushed to Temple…In one haul, three endangered bluefin tuna, each weighing roughly 220 pounds, were pulled onto the ship’s deck amid six metric tons of mackerel. “It was a bit surprising,” said Brian MacKenzie, a marine ecologist at the National Institute for Aquatic Resources at the Technical University of…Did \u0027Deadly\u0027 Spider Eggs Really Hitch a Ride on Imported Bananas? It\u0027s enough to make you do a double take the next time you unpack your groceries! A recent British news report claimed that imported bananas could play host to a certain species of venomous spiders. A woman in Essex, England,…Boeing recently announced that its mobile laser weapon, dubbed the High Energy Laser Mobile Demonstrator (HEL MD), successfully shot down more than 150 drones, rockets and other mock enemy targets in a third round of tests. The trials prove that the laser weapon is reliable and capable of…Toddler Freaks Out After Dad Shaves Off His BeardNever in the history of peekaboo has the outcome been so dramatic. One toddler learned the hard way that the fun game does not always end well.  In a new YouTube video, Bradley Bailey covers his face withA 93-year-old man has been charged with 300,000 counts of accessory to murder for serving as an SS guard at the Nazis\u0027 Auschwitz death camp, prosecutors said Monday. Oskar Groening is accused of helping operate the death camp in occupied Poland between May and June 1944, when some 425,000 Jews from…There\u0027s a Sonata® that\u0027s perfect for you, and this is your chance to build it! Visit the Hyundai® Official Site to customize your 2015 Sonata® today!Two British tourists were found battered to death Monday on a beach on a scenic island in southern Thailand that is one of the country\u0027s most popular diving destinations. A bloodied hoe was found near the bodies and is believed to have been used as the murder weapon, police Col. Prachum Ruangthong…By Letitia Stein TAMPA Fla. (Reuters) - Florida police charged a man with murder on Monday in a quadruple killing, after finding the victims\u0027 bodies earlier this month decomposing by the side of the road. Adam Matos, 28, faces four counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of his ex-girlfriend,…One of the last times anyone ever saw Tommy Thompson, he was walking on the pool deck of a Florida mansion wearing nothing but eye glasses, leather shoes, socks and underwear, his brown hair growing wild. Marshals Service has hunted Thompson as a fugitive — wanted for skipping a court date to…Bullying at Florida school led to boy\u0027s suicide, mother says By Barbara Liston ORLANDO Fla. (Reuters) - Authorities in Florida are investigating the death of a 14-year-old boy whose mother on Monday said fatally shot himself in his middle school bathroom last week because he could no longer endure…Islamic State militants lost a vital supply route in eastern Syria on Monday with the destruction of the last bridge in the city of Deir Ezzor, a monitoring group said. The regime of President Bashar al-Assad is believed to have caused the explosion which hit the Siyassiyeh crossing over the…It didn\u0027t take the Ray Rice elevator video to get Kerry Washington talking about domestic violence. In fact, it was the day before news outlets were looping security camera images of the NFL running back punching out his then-fiancee Janay Palmer that the \"Scandal\" actress was filming a public…Who Says You Have to be a Kid to Enjoy the Great Taste of Froot Loops®? Follow Your Nose to the Sweet Aroma and Fruity Goodness of Froot Loops Today!Unidentified warplanes conducted four airstrikes on Monday near the Libyan capital of Tripoli, leaving one dead and five wounded, a spokesman for Libya\u0027s Islamist-allied militias and a militia commander said. The specter of regional intervention has cast a pall over the increasingly fractured…Murdered aid worker\u0027s brother says Islam \u0027not to blame\u0027 London (AFP) - The brother of British hostage David Haines murdered by Islamist militants issued Sunday a tearful video statement about growing religious radicalisation in which he quoted a verse from the Koran. It is not a race, religion or…Apple Inc said many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after a record 4 million first-day pre-orders were logged, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago. The company said demand had outstripped supply of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which feature…Olive Garden is defending its practice of giving customers as many breadsticks as they want, saying the policy conveys \"Italian generosity.\" The remark is part of a response by the chain\u0027s parent company, Darden Restaurants Inc., to a nearly 300-page criticism released by hedge fund Starboard Value…A West Valley City, Utah, mother, 47, was arrested Saturday morning after allegedly stabbing her 12 year-old daughter and 8-year-old son. The children were transported to an area hospital Saturday in serious condition. The father of the children stopped the attack from going further after his…\u0027Worst shipwreck in years\u0027 leaves 500 boat migrants feared dead Rome (AFP) - As many as 500 migrants are feared to have drowned after traffickers reportedly rammed and sank their boat in what the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) described Monday as \"the worst shipwreck in years\".…See how Elantra\u0027s features measure up to their competitors. Explore all the features and benefits at the Hyundai Official Site.The gunman who ambushed two Pennsylvania State Police troopers outside their barracks, killing one, used a rifle and might have had formal firearms training through the military or law enforcement, authorities said Monday. Releasing a profile of the killer, Lt. Col. George Bivens said investigators…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Sep 15","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"What to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsSources: First U.S. strike in expanded Iraq fightU.S. says 115,000 could lose Obamacare insurance over immigrationHurricane strands tourists, sparks looting in MexicoWoman finds body in trunk, learns it\u0027s her neighbor5 Questions That Will Not Get You HiredNewborn dies after mother killed by stray bulletBluefin Tuna Are Showing Up in the Arctic—and That’s Not Good NewsDid \u0027Deadly\u0027 Spider Eggs Really Hitch a Ride on Imported Bananas?US Military\u0027s New Laser Gun Zaps DronesToddler Freaks Out After Dad Shaves Off His Beard93-year-old former Auschwitz guard chargedThe New 2015 Sonata®: A Step Above the Competition2 British tourists found dead on beach in ThailandMurder charges for man in gruesome Florida quadruple killingTreasure hunter turned fugitive (12 photos)Bullying at Florida school led to boy\u0027s suicide, mother saysKey bridge destroyed in IS-held eastern SyriaKerry Washington talks domestic abuse, motherhoodBring Back the Awesome with a Bowl of Froot Loops®Mystery airstrikes target Libyan Islamist militiasMurdered aid worker\u0027s brother says Islam \u0027not to blame\u0027Apple iPhone 6 pre-orders hit record 4 million on first dayOlive Garden defends breadstick policyMom Arrested For Allegedly Stabbing Her Two Young Children\u0027Worst shipwreck in years\u0027 leaves 500 boat migrants feared deadElantra Takes On The CompetitionPolice: Rifle used to ambush Pennsylvania troopersComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":1,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
