{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Robin Williams was found dead this afternoon at his home near Tiburon, California, according to the Marin County Sheriff\u0027s Office. Emergency personnel found Williams unconscious and not breathing at 12:00 p.m., local time; \"At this time, the Sheriff\u0027s Office Coroner Division suspects the death to…By Ann Saphir, Alex Dobuzinskis and Piya Sinha-Roy SAN RAFAEL Calif./LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Oscar-winning actor and groundbreaking comedian Robin Williams hanged himself with a belt in his Northern California home after he had sought treatment for depression, a coroner said on Tuesday based on…What this site reveals might be the best thing for many homeowners. If you have a mortgage, you better read this now...The photograph of a young boy holding the decapitated head of a slain Syrian soldier and published in Australian media on Monday underscored the barbarity of Islamist State militants, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said. The image was posted on Twitter and showed the boy, believed to be the…Tony Stewart could still face criminal charges for running down Kevin Ward Jr. with his sprint car, even if the three-time NASCAR champion didn\u0027t mean to kill Ward, hurt him or even scare him.Military wives in the restive Nigerian city of Maiduguri have taken to the streets this week, burning tyres to prevent their husbands being sent to fight Boko Haram. About 300 women and 500 children have for two days gathered at the gates of a military base in the Borno state capital, claiming that…On a warm June morning, a dozen masked, armed men burst into the Church of the Transfiguration in the Ukrainian town of Slaviansk, demanding to know who among its 300 congregants owned the four expensive vehicles parked in front. Four men stepped forward – the church priest’s two grown sons, Ruvim…The parents of 6-year-old Jenise Wright say the 17-year-old suspected in her murder and sexual assault had been a family friend.HAGERSTOWN, Md. (AP) — A woman and her two young daughters found dead in her stifling car in a middle school parking lot died from accidental heatstroke, the Maryland medical examiner\u0027s office said Tuesday.You don\u0027t have to spend a fortune to ride in style. We list this year\u0027s cars that are sure to make your friends jealous of your cool factor.A growing number of Americans whose travel plans are thwarted by a technicality as many travelers believe that their passport expiration date is just that- the last day they can travel on it- not knowing that individual countries set their own cutoff date.It was not your average day at the beach for gym teacher Tugrul Metin. The 29-year-old was splashing in the waves in Izmir, on Turkey\u0027s west coast, when a shocking sight washed up onto the sand in front of him. Metin discovered the body of a deceased two-headed dolphin, which measured about a meter…A group of major Japanese firms are planning a test flight next year for the nation\u0027s first homegrown stealth fighter jet, a report said Tuesday. The consortium -- led by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries -- is developing a jet that has similar technology to US-made F-35 stealth fighters, with a…SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Robin Williams, the Academy Award winner and comic supernova whose explosions of pop culture riffs and impressions dazzled audiences for decades and made him a gleamy-eyed laureate for the Information Age, died Monday in an apparent suicide. He was 63.Two unnamed female Sri Lankan baby leopards are seen in a zoo in Maubeuge, France, Indonesian villagers walk to the crater during the Kasodo ceremony at Mount Bromo and athletes clear an obstacle in the men\u0027s 3000m steeplechase qualification during the European Athletics Championships in Zurich,…SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A hostage kidnapped during a Northern California bank robbery was killed by police in an ensuing chase and shootout, likely during a final gunbattle where the lone surviving suspect used her as a human shield, authorities said Monday.Save up to 30% on rooms at select Disney Resort hotels. Book by October 3, 2014.Israel lashed out on Tuesday after the UN Human Rights Council named the man who will be running an inquiry into its Gaza offensive. Canadian international lawyer William Schabas, who will head the commission, is widely regarded in Israel as being hostile to the Jewish state over reported calls to…Spanish priest Miguel Pajares, 75, the first European infected by a strain of Ebola that has killed more than 1,000 people in West Africa, has died in hospital in Madrid, a spokeswoman for the city\u0027s health authorities said on Tuesday. The spokeswoman declined to say when Pajares, who was airlifted…By Barbara Liston ORLANDO Fla. (Reuters) - The evidence is circumstantial but the case looks strong. Multiple cats missing without a trace, a freshly killed body, and one well-fed, 120-pound Burmese python lurking in the Florida underbrush. Four Port St. Lucie police officers on Friday captured the…By Amanda Orr HOUSTON (Reuters) - A teenager, his parents and uncle were among six people killed when a speeding vehicle pursued by police slammed into their car outside Houston, killing both drivers and their passengers, police said. The Sunday night incident near Dickinson, about 25 miles…Soon, the White House put out a presidential statement on Mr. Williams – crystallizing one of those Zeitgeist moments when folks can put aside partisan differences and unite in appreciation of a cultural icon. “Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny, a president, a professor, a…President Obama may not be buying Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg\u0027s insistence that she won\u0027t be retiring from the Supreme Court anytime soon. Speaking to donors at a fundraiser in Boston on Monday, the president seemed to suggest that he expects another Supreme Court justice to retire during his final…LeBron James wants to become the world\u0027s next billionaire, and Warren Buffett plans to help him get there. Read their unbelievable story.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMon, Aug 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsActress Lauren Bacall dead at 89130 more U.S. troops enter Iraq2 killed, 8 injured in Ecuador quakeRobin Williams Death: The Difference Between Depression \u0026 Normal SadnessComedy great Robin Williams hanged himself at homeHomeowners Are In For A Big SurprisePhoto of boy holding decapitated head is barbaric: Australia PMCriminal charge possible for Stewart in Ward deathMilitary wives block husbands\u0027 deployment against Boko HaramA Ukrainian murder mystery ensnares a church in former rebel strongholdTeen Accused in 6-Year-Old`s Murder Was a Family FriendDeaths of 3 in Md. car ruled accidental heatstroke10 Coolest Cars Under $25,000How a Little-Known Passport Rule Could Ruin Your VacationDolphin With Two Heads Washes Up on Turkish BeachJapan to test first homegrown stealth fighter jet: reportRobin Williams, manic comedy star, dead at 63Photos of the day - August 12, 2014 (27 photos)Chief: Police killed California robbery hostageSave up to 30% at Select Disney Resort HotelsIsrael furious as UN unveils Gaza probe teamSpanish priest with Ebola dies in Madrid hospitalPython caught in Florida is chief suspect in mystery of missing catsSix killed after Texas police chase ends in crashWhite House statement on Robin Williams: Did Obama write it personally?Does Obama Know Something We Don\u0027t About Supreme Court Retirements?Buffett Plans to Make LeBron a Billionaire.ComicsSave up to 30% at Select Disney Resort HotelsHomeowners Are In For A Big Surprise10 Coolest Cars Under $25,000Need Cash? Drive with Uber and get paid!Buffett Plans to Make LeBron a Billionaire.Insurance for Cars Used Less Than 35 Miles a DayKaiser Permanente® Medicare Health Plans in CAHow Much Can You Save With Home Solar Panels?Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":10,"second":30},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
