{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Impeachment talk is all the rage–again. Rep. Paul Broun, a GOP candidate for U.S. Senate in Georgia, indicated during a tea party-sponsored candidate forum this weekend that he would support the impeachment of President Obama. Candidates at the Gilmer County GOP forum, including Broun, were...DEAR ABBY: My husband and I live in a 55-plus retirement community. We do many things together, but we also do things independently. One resident decided to form two men\u0027s clubs. One meets every week for breakfast, and the other twice a month at night. The members go to each other\u0027s homes for the…Break up with fees and minimums and fall in love with online and mobile 360 Checking® from Capital One 360®. Start with a $50 bonus.MILAN (AP) — Italy\u0027s justice minister on Monday announced an investigation into comments to the Italian media made by the judge who read the guilty verdicts against Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito.After an apparent mountain lion attack on a Riverside County man over the weekend, state wildlife officials were continuing to search Monday for the animal that may have been responsible.Chip Yost reports from Perris for the KTLA 5 News at 6:30 on Monday, Feb. 3, 2014.PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The Trader Joe\u0027s grocery-store chain has dropped a plan to open a new store in the heart of the city\u0027s historically African-American neighborhood after activists said the development would price black residents out of the area.PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A 19-year-old Oregon woman who drove an SUV into a leaf pile, accidentally killing two young girls playing in it, has been taken into federal custody and may face deportation.After years of squabbling, Harry Potter\u0027s best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger finally became an item -- but now their creator JK Rowling has admitted she made a mistake by marrying them off. Hermione -- whose quick wits get the teen wizards out of many a scrape in Rowling\u0027s hit novels --…TORONTO — Archaeologists working near the ancient settlement of Edfu, in southern Egypt, have uncovered a step pyramid that dates back about 4,600 years, predating the Great Pyramid of Giza by at least a few decades. Over time, the step pyramid\u0027s stone blocks were pillaged, and the monument was…While Medicare covers a wealth of preventive and medically necessary doctor\u0027s visits and procedures, there are some common medical services Medicare don\u0027t cover or covers only under specific circumstances. \"Medicare doesn\u0027t cover eyeglasses, hearing aids or dental benefits,\" says Juliette…NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Renan Barao was on a tear, trying to put away Urijah Faber with a series of fists to the head.The game was called “Cross the Line,” an ironic title because that’s exactly what parents of students at a middle school in Marinette, Wisconsin think the educators did.John Glenn\u0027s first impression upon seeing the U.S. Navy ship that will sail bearing his name was that it looked \"like somebody forgot to finish it.\" \"I thought it looked like kids playing with a LEGO set and they forgot to finish the whole thing up,\" the retired Marine, NASA astronaut and U.S.…An Oregon based startup might have revolutionized the way we heal gunshot wounds. Startup RevMedx, which develops products for military medics and members of the emergency services, has created a device that can heal a gunshot wound in 15 seconds, Popular Science reports. The device is called…The amount of harmful pollutants released in the process of recovering oil from tar sands in western Canada is likely far higher than corporate interests say, university researchers said Monday. Actual levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) emissions into the air may be two to three times…Give Yahoo! Autos a spin - for the web\u0027s best news, reviews on hundreds of new make and modelsAt an event on Friday sponsored by a leftist think tank, former Massachusetts education secretary Paul Reville called Common Core critics a “tiny minority” and asserted that “the children belong to all of us.” Reville also claimed that opponents of Common Core are against any academic standards,…The US Treasury is just days away from being unable to borrow any more to pay federal bills, and the stock market isn’t happy. Whatever else investors are worried about – sending stock indexes reeling Monday – it’s not fear that the US will default on its national debt or be unable to make good on…Heroin use has increased so much in the past five years in this area that public health advocates are referring to it as a crisis.Nowitzki scores 23, Harris gets season high again as Mavs hand Cavs 5th straight loss 124-107        Southwest Airlines Co said on Monday it will offer nonstop flights from its base at Dallas Love Field in Texas to 15 major cities including Chicago, New York and Los Angeles later this year, after flight restrictions from that airport expire. Service to Atlanta, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, New…Prisoner on the Loose After Driving From Michigan to IndianaTue, Feb 4","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Police: Escaped Mich. prisoner captured1924 Olympics dispatch is quaint postcard from Alpine townFatal heart woes tied to sugar use equal to 2 cans of sodaRep. Paul Broun Would Back Obama ImpeachmentWives Banished From Men\u0027s Club Should Start Their OwnA Checking Account You’ll Want to Be With ForeverItalian Justice Ministry investigating Knox judgeHomeless Man Living in Makeshift Camp Mauled by Mountain LionTrader Joe\u0027s drops black-neighborhood store planImmigration detention for teen in leaf-pile deathsHermione should have married Harry Potter, Rowling admits4,600-Year-Old Step Pyramid Uncovered in EgyptMedical Services Medicare Doesn\u0027t CoverBarao retains belt against Faber at UFC 169Parents upset over ‘game\u0027 at middle school that asked questions like ‘Do your parents drink?’ and ‘Has anyone in your family been in jail?’Godspeed the John Glenn: Navy Christens Ship for 1st American to Orbit EarthThis High Tech Injection Heals Gunshot Wounds in 15 SecondsOil sands pollution two to three times higher than thoughtCompare thousands of cars from every anglePro-Common Core panelist: ‘The children belong to all of us’Oh no! US is near debt ceiling again. So why isn\u0027t anyone panicking?Where Heroin Use is Considered a Growing EpidemicNowitzki Leads Mavericks Past Cavs 124-107Southwest plans nonstop routes from Dallas Love to 15 citiesQuadruple Murderer Escapes From Custody, Allegedly Abducts WomanComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":4,"second":44},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
