{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Homeowners on Fairley Road in Ross Township, Pennsylvania, say their neighbor Bill Ansell is terrorizing them year round with his hostile anti-Christmas spirit.“Any opportunity he has to make our life a hardship, he does,” resident Chris Hebda told ABC News\u0027 “20/20.”“He\u0027s an angry person that\u0027s…Discover a safe, natural muscle builder that is helping men of all ages get back in shape fast. Try this brand new supplement and build muscle.The message on the sign above the entryway to Public School Number 20 in Paterson, N.J., included three mistakes: December was spelled \"Dicember,\" report as \"reepor\" and a \"1\" was placed backwards.ST. LOUIS (AP) — A Missouri lawmaker is calling for an investigation of St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch, saying he \"manipulated\" the grand jury in the Ferguson case. McCulloch said in a radio interview on Friday that some witnesses obviously lied to the grand jury.By Rosa Tania Valdés HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba will defend its socialist principles and will not return to capitalism just because it has agreed a detente with the United States, the daughter of President Raul Castro said, dispelling any notion that U.S. companies would be free to roll into Cuba.…The streets of Havana are still filled with cars that predate the 1959 communist revolution, having rolled off the assembly line decades before the U.S. auto industry\u0027s current crisis of steep losses in reputation and market share. They hark back to a time when Detroit\u0027s Big Three automakers were…3 exercises and foods that are making you age faster (very surprising!)By Mary Wisniewski (Reuters) - Five people have died and 21 others have been hospitalized in recent weeks in a listeria outbreak linked to caramel apples, federal health officials said on Friday. A total of 28 people infected with listeria have been reported from 10 states, according to a statement…US President Barack Obama on Friday warned North Korea it would face retaliation for a crippling cyber attack on Sony Pictures over an irreverent film comedy that infuriated Pyongyang. Obama said the movie giant had \"made a mistake\" in canceling the Christmas Day release of \"The Interview,\" a…NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 19-year-old woman was arrested for the murder of her 5-year-old cousin in upstate New York on Friday, less than a day after she reported what police said was a concocted story about two men in ski masks kidnapping the boy, local media reported. The body of Kenneth White was…NEW YORK (AP) — Hackers sent a new email Friday to Sony Pictures Entertainment, gloating over the studio\u0027s \"wise\" decision to cancel the release of \"The Interview\" and warning not to distribute the film \"in any form.\"The animal world is full of wonderful creatures. Some are beautiful, but others we would avoid at all costs. These creatures are horrifying...Alecia and Bounkham Phonesavanh never imagined their family would be at the center of a controversy over the militarization of police. But that’s exactly where they found themselves when their toddler was seriously injured by a SWAT team, also leaving them with a $1 million medical bill they have…As temperatures plunge across eastern Ukraine, pro-Russia rebels in this coal-mining village face two major challenges: Feeding schoolchildren and pensioners, and keeping homes supplied with fuel.  New York police say a 5-year-old boy abducted from a home outside Albany has been found dead.ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan hanged two convicted militants Friday in the country\u0027s first executions in years, while warplanes and ground forces pounded insurgent hideouts in a northwest region bordering Afghanistan — part of a stepped-up response to the Taliban slaughter of scores of schoolchildren.One emerging technology has Buffett himself admitting there\u0027s a \"real threat\" to his empire.Grinning widely, Tran Quang Thieu brandishes the day\u0027s haul: 10 kilos of rats caught in rice paddies near Hanoi. A menace to Vietnam\u0027s rice crop, the vermin are regularly trapped -- and sometimes eaten. \"It\u0027s hard to trap them, they\u0027re clever, they move fast and in Vietnam there are 43 different…OTTAWA (Reuters) - A Canadian woman was sentenced to 90 days in jail on Thursday for causing two deaths in 2010 when she stopped her car on a Quebec highway to help a group of ducklings crossing the road. Emma Czornobaj had been convicted in June of two counts each of criminal negligence and…On Friday, the FBI announced that it \"now has enough information to conclude that the North Korean government is responsible\" for the Sony hacks that leaked a trove of private data, launched a thousand thinkpieces, and, following some threats, ultimately preempted the release of The Interview.Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie will be back on screen together in \"By the Sea,\" which is set to be released next year and features the famous duo as a couple.Brad\u0027s Deals Exclusive: 2 NCAA Hoodies For $35 With Free Shipping. Hundreds of schools to choose from. Join for free to receive this exclusive offer.AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — The Maine State Museum worker who police say prevented the abduction of a 2-year-old girl is a 65-year-old woman with a bum knee. But Sharon Wise says she was ready for a \"big fight\" if the assailant hadn\u0027t stopped trying to yank the girl through the exit.For most people, heartburn is a fleeting annoyance that can be solved by popping an antacid. And for a while, that\u0027s what Jay Rensberger did. But when his heartburn became less of a temporary problem and more of a lifestyle issue, his wife took action.Kurdish forces pressed their biggest offensive against the Islamic State group so far Friday, buoyed by US reports that jihadist supremo Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi\u0027s top aide in Iraq has been killed. Kurdish peshmerga forces were securing the surroundings of Mount Sinjar after breaking a months-old…Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayStephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackPresident Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackNews14:51Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027In a riveting interview with Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric, embattled actor Stephen Collins discusses the shocking sex abuse scandal that broke in October. Collins admits his misconduct with young girls, but insists he’s not a pedophile: “I do not fit the either the clinical or dictionary definition of it. I am not. A pedophile is someone who is mainly or wholly attracted to children. I\u0027m not.\"22:55President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackSources tell CBS News the sophisticated and damaging cyberattack against Sony Pictures originated in North Korea and flowed through a vast array of computer servers in other countries in an attempt to hide its origin. Major Garrett reports.30:50China Lodges Protest After Obama Approves Taiwan Frigate SaleChina said on Friday it had lodged a protest with the United States after President Barack Obama signed into law legislation authorizing the sale of up to four Perry-class guided missile frigates to Taiwan. Foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said the Taiwan issue was one of China\u0026#39;s core interests and remained the most important and most sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties. \u0026quot;China firmly opposes the arms sale to Taiwan by the U.S. This position is resolute, clear and consistent,\u0026quot; Qin told a daily news briefing. \u0026quot;It is a crude interference of China\u0026#39;s internal affairs, damages China\u0026#39;s sovereignty and security interests and goes against the trend of peaceful development in cross-strait relations,\u0026quot; he added.42:06Jerry Seib: The Politics of Cuba RelationsPresident Obama\u0026#39;s gamble on renewing relations with Cuba comes with political benefits -- but also with potential frustrations and big risks. WSJ’s Jerry Seib, Beth Reinhard and Colleen McCain Nelson explain. Photo: AP54:28Gov. Bill Richardson on North Korea, Technology and the Sony HackYahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric talked live with former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson about his view on the Sony hack and North Korean involvement.61:22Olympian Michael Phelps Pleads Guilty to DUIOlympic gold medal swimmer Michael Phelps pleaded guilty to drunken driving on Friday, almost three months after he was arrested after leaving a Baltimore casino. (Dec. 19)710:23Orion Goes Through Fiery Re-EntryEver wonder what it looks like to re-enter the earth’s atmosphere from space? A new video from NASA of the Orion spacecraft’s return from its December 5 test flight does the trick. Orion is the space agency’s new manned spacecraft, but the test flight was unmanned. NASA dubbed the video an “astronaut’s-eye view” of the re-entry, as it was filmed by a camera on board Orion.The footage begins 10 minutes before splashdown and ends with the orange and white parachutes gently depositing the craft into the Pacific. Credit: YouTube/NASA80:31Peshmerga Free Mount Sinjar From ISKurdish forces reportedly broke the Islamic State siege of Mount Sinjar in northern Iraq on Thursday, December 18, freeing hundreds of Yazidi Kurds who had remained trapped there for months. The assault started on Wednesday and was backed by US air strikes leading to the liberation of 700 square kilometers, \u003ca href\u003d\"http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/18/us-mideast-crisis-sinjar-idUSKBN0JW22G20141218\" target\u003d\"_blank\"\u003eaccording to Reuters\u003c/a\u003e.This video by Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty was shot on Thursday showing the aftermath of the fighting in the region that was free from IS. Credit: YouTube/Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty91:39Obama: Keystone benefits for U.S. consumers, workers nominalPresident Obama says construction of the Keystone XL pipeline to transport crude oil from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast would only nominally benefit Americans. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).101:39Obama: Keystone benefits for U.S. consumers, workers nominalPresident Obama says construction of the Keystone XL pipeline to transport crude oil from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast would only nominally benefit Americans. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentFri, Dec 19","h1":"",".title":"Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsObama vows U.S. response to North KoreaBarbara Scrivner’s long journey to clemencyAustralian woman arrested in deaths of 8 childrenHow One Man Is Terrorizing Neighbors With a Hostile Holiday Decoration DisplayHow Older Men Are Building MuscleMisspelled sign may have cost high school principal her jobLawmaker wants investigation of St. Louis prosecutorCuba not returning to capitalism despite U.S. deal: Castro\u0027s daughterCuba\u0027s retro ridesThe 3 Worst Things that Age You Faster (AVOID)Five dead, dozens ill from bacteria linked to caramel applesObama warns N. Korea over Sony hack: \u0027We will respond\u0027NY woman who reported kidnap charged with murdering cousinHackers warn not to release \u0027The Interview\u0027 in any form15 NOPE Creatures We\u0027re All Glad Are ExtinctFamily of Toddler Injured by SWAT \u0027Grenade\u0027 Faces $1M in Medical BillsUkraine\u0027s blockade on breakaway east forces tough choices on rebelsAmber Alert Canceled After Missing 5-Year-Old Boy Found DeadPakistan executes militants and bombards tribal areasBuffett\u0027s Empire Is In Peril...And He Knows ItVietnam \u0027Rat King\u0027 helps rice farmers fight costly verminCanadian driver jailed for deaths caused by stopping for ducksWhy the U.S. Can\u0027t Punish North KoreaAngelina Jolie Opens Up About Directing Brad Pitt in Love Scene for \u0027By the Sea\u00272 NCAA Hoodies For Only $35 + Free ShippingWoman who foiled abduction was ready for a fightWhen Heartburn Becomes CancerIraq Kurds press fightback as top jihadist reported killedComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":56,"second":27},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
