{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.On Tuesday, a New York Times reporter in Tehran spotted an American plane at Mehrabad Airport in Tehran, an extremely unique sight given the harsh sanctions imposed on the country by the United States and other Western nations. For an American plane to enter Iran legally, a number of hoops would…Russian surveillance planes already fly over America, thanks to a long-standing treaty. But a new, ultra-sophisticated spy plane has U.S. military and intelligence bosses spooked.Wednesday, it was announced that a \"Mrs. Doubtfire\" sequel was in the works. “Elf” writer David Berenbaum is writing the script, while Robin Williams and director Chris Columbus are also attached to the project, the Hollywood Reporter stated. Read: ‘Mrs. Doubtfire’ Sequel in the Works The original…Scores of internally displaced Muslims are at the heart of the humanitarian crisis in Central African Republic, where violence between Christians and Muslims has threatened to spiral into genocide. (Photographs by Goran Tomosavic/REUTERS) Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and…During a live debate with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Friday, Nevada\u0027s Republican Sen. Dean Heller was asked which part of Obamacare he would repeal now that the law has enrolled 8 million people. \"No one talks about tort reform,\" he said on News 3\u0027s What\u0027s Your Point? A pet health care…A car thief was forced to pull over after a couple miles in the stolen vehicle because twin boys, age 7, who were in the car attacked him, police said. “One of the boys was punching the man in the face; the other was hitting...On Tuesday morning, a plane owned in trust by the Bank of Utah showed up in a very visible area of the Mehrabad Airport in Tehran, the capital of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Under President Barack Obama, the United States has eased some of the long-standing punitive economic sanctions against…Nashville and Louisville mark two more concert stops Miley Cyrus will miss due to her hospitalization — and she’s sick of it. “sick of waking up to needles,” Cyrus tweeted early Friday (April 18) morning. “#goingthruit #floydfriday” The former Disney Channel star has been hospitalized...CINCINNATI (AP) — An Ohio teacher has been fired after a black student who said he wanted to become president claimed the teacher told him the nation didn\u0027t need another black commander in chief.Russian Leader Dissed the 49th State During Annual Question-and-Answer SessionDEAR ABBY: How do I deal with an assistant who keeps calling me a \"brownnoser\"? She did it again yesterday at a staff meeting in front of my boss and another assistant. It was the third time she has said it. She is gruff and rude, and several people have complained to me about her attitude. Should…MESA, Ariz. (AP) — Former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb was released Thursday from an Arizona jail after serving a one-day sentence for a DUI arrest late last year.LOS ANGELES (AP) — A mountain lion that appeared strong and healthy when it was photographed as it ruled a wilderness park in the middle of Los Angeles has been exposed to rat poison and is suffering from mange, officials said.A person close to the family has confirmed reports that that Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez has died. He was 87. Garcia Marquez\u0027s magical realist novels and short stories exposed tens of millions of readers to Latin America\u0027s passion, superstition, violence and inequality. Widely considered…A Look at the Different Reasons Men and Women Stray From Their SpousesStuart Scott is an ESPN original and the man GQ Magazine once said put the hip-hop in sportscasting. When the “Sportscenter” anchor is not at ESPN’s studios, he can be found once or twice a month practicing mixed-martial arts wearing sunglasses, for a very specific...MIAMI (AP) — Before the season started, a poll suggested that the Miami Heat were the overwhelming favorite to win the NBA title, collecting a whopping 76 percent of ballots cast.TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — If expanding the guest list to include Michelle Obama at graduation for high school students in the Kansas capital city means fewer seats for friends and family, some students and their parents would prefer the first lady not attend.ACAPULCO, Mexico (AP) — A powerful magnitude-7.2 earthquake shook central and southern Mexico on Friday, sending panicked people into the streets. Some walls cracked and fell, but there were no reports of major damage or casualties.The sudden sinking of a ferry carrying 475 passengers off South Korea\u0027s southern coast brings up the question: How can a large, modern passenger ship just sink? But from the sinking of the South Korean ferry to the Italian cruise liner Costa Concordia to the Titanic, disasters do occur. What caused…Sat, Apr 19","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedRussia says U.S. treating it like \u0027guilty schoolboy\u0027U.S. puts off decision on Keystone XL pipelineSpaceX making Easter delivery of station suppliesNobody’s Sure How or Why an American Plane Ended Up in IranRussian Spy Planes in U.S. Skies\u0027Mrs. Doubtfire\u0027 Star Wants Nothing to Do With Sequel\u0027Displaced in C.A.R.\u0027: Victims of sectarian violence in Central African Republic (20 photos)What the GOP Talks About When It Talks About Obamacare NowTwins, 7, Attack Carjacker With Fists and Rubber SnakeWhat the hell is this American plane owned by the Bank of Utah doing in IRAN?Miley Cyrus Remains Hospitalized, Two More Shows CanceledOhio teacher fired over comment on black presidentWhy Vladimir Putin Needs to Show Alaska Some LoveASSISTANT\u0027S GRUFF ATTITUDE NEEDS TO BE SMOOTHED OUTEx-quarterback McNabb spends day in Arizona jailFamous Los Angeles mountain lion exposed to poisonGabriel Garcia Marquez (21 photos)For the Thrill of the Affair: Why Married Women CheatWhy ESPN Anchor Stuart Scott Refuses to Let Cancer WinNBA playoffs looking more wide-open than expectedKansas speech by Michelle Obama draws complaintsMagnitude-7.2 earthquake shakes Mexican capitalSouth Korea Ferry: How Can a Huge Ship Sink?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":59,"second":28},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
