{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.Tanya Weyker of Milwaukee, Wisconsin has been fighting for over a year to clear her name and get her medical bills paid following a serious car accident with a Milwaukee County Sheriff’s Deputy.By Steve Quinn JUNEAU, Alaska (Reuters) - Two Alaska State Troopers, who have been featured in a reality TV show, were killed while investigating a report of a person brandishing a gun in a remote village, officials said on Friday. The two troopers killed on Thursday, Sergeant Patrick Johnson and…Rich Dad Education coming to the San Francisco Bay Area: May 6th - 10th for a free 2 hour seminar. Free gift for attending! Sign up now!High school students in Kansas City, Kansas were shocked when their teacher flipped on a classroom projector that revealed a pornographic image.There’s one candidate who would make a whole lot of sense—and he’s got history and plenty of experience in his favor.DEAR ABBY: My wife and I both served in the military. When she returned from Egypt 19 months ago, she dropped a bomb on me, saying she didn\u0027t want to be married anymore. She said she had settled for second best all her life and that\u0027s what she had done with me. She went on to say she knows there\u0027s…DECATUR, Ga. (AP) — A 39-year-old man was charged Friday with killing his two elderly parents with a samurai sword, leaving behind a scene in their metro Atlanta home that a police commander described as \"horrific.\"A subway train in the South Korean capital Seoul crashed into another one at a station on Friday, injuring about 170 people, news reports and the emergency services said, although no one appeared to be seriously hurt. The accident came just over two weeks after a South Korean ferry capsized and…SLOVYANSK, Ukraine (AP) — Pro-Russia insurgents shot down two Ukrainian helicopters Friday and Ukraine reported many militants killed or wounded as the interim government in Kiev launched its first major offensive against an insurgency that has seized government buildings across the east.Currently insured drivers who drive less than 35 miles per day are eligible for extremely cheap car insurance. Here is how it works.MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay (AP) — President Jose Mujica says Uruguay\u0027s legal marijuana market will be much better than Colorado\u0027s, where the state doesn\u0027t track the drug once it\u0027s sold. He also took aim at the medical marijuana laws many U.S. states have adopted, saying they enable people to fake…By Richard Weizel MILFORD, Connecticut (Reuters) - A 16-year-old Connecticut boy accused of murdering a female classmate hours before their high school\u0027s junior prom made his first public appearance in court on Friday, looking disheveled and expressionless. Christopher Plaskon did not speak during…Pitbull kicked off the first iHeartRadio Music Awards with a colorful performance — and words for Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.Erika Lotterhos was celebrating her bachelorette party with friends and never thought that drinks they were making would lead to blistering skin.By Eric M. Johnson SEATTLE (Reuters) - Magma levels are slowly rebuilding inside Mount St. Helens, a volcano in Washington state that erupted in 1980 and killed 57 people, although there was no sign of an impending eruption, U.S. scientists said. \"The magma reservoir beneath Mount St. Helens has…Auto expert Nik Miles reveals what your car says about you to women.Buy or refinance now with 30-year fixed rates as low as 4.13% APR. Get quotes online and compare offers.Brittany Jones and her husband say that days after delivering a stillborn baby, they were forced to call 911 to get their baby’s remains.(Reuters) - A two-month-old bear cub meant to help students relax before final exams nipped more than a dozen of them at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, and will have to be killed for rabies testing, the school said Friday. The cub, named Boo Boo, was brought to the university campus…The sign was supposed to read, “Peace of Mind Warranty on ALL MAKES.” The sign, instead, reads, “Piece of Mind Warranty on ALL MAKES.”BERLIN (AP) — The father of a 17-year-old German exchange student shot dead in Montana criticized the gun culture in the U.S. Thursday.ROYAN, Iran (AP) — Her son\u0027s killer stood on a chair on the gallows, his hands shackled, the noose around his neck. Hundreds crowded outside the jailhouse in a northern Iranian town to see if the mother, Samereh Alinejad, would exercise her right to kick the chair out from under him to let him hang.NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. health officials on Friday confirmed the first case of an American infected with a mysterious Middle East virus. The man fell ill after arriving in the U.S. about a week ago from Saudi Arabia where he is a health care worker.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.Fri, May 2","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedMysterious Middle East virus arrives in U.S.Warrant: Drugs, diary found in case of mom accused of killing newborns$2M Northeast gas reserve project to combat disaster shortages‘Suspicious’: Sober driver arrested for drunk driving after deputy runs stop sign and crashes into her carTwo Alaska troopers who appeared on reality TV killed in remote villageRich Dad Education San Francisco Bay AreaStudents suspended after teacher shows pornographic image on projectorReady for Hillary’s Running Mate?KIDS ARE COLLATERAL DAMAGE IN WIFE\u0027S WAR ON MARRIAGESon accused of killing parents with samurai swordSubway trains crash in South Korean capital (10 photos)Ukraine: Many insurgents killed in SlovyanskThe Best Way to Pay Off Car Insurance FasterUruguay leader calls Colorado pot law \u0027fiction\u0027Teen accused of murder before Connecticut prom makes court appearancePitbull calls out Sterling at iHeartRadio AwardsFlorida woman suffers from burns after making margaritasMagma rising in Washington state\u0027s Mount St. Helens volcano: USGSWhat Your Car Says About You To WomenCalifornia Homeowners! Rates are Looking GoodMother accuses funeral director of holding baby’s remains for ransomBoo Boo the bear cub bites 14 university students, sparks rabies scareTypo on car dealership’s gigantic sign goes unnoticed for monthsFather of killed exchange student criticizes USIran mother recalls act of mercy for son\u0027s killerUS confirms its first case of MERS virusAnti-Aging Creams of 2014ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":30,"second":15},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
