{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A Georgia couple was shocked and disgusted to find a racial slur scrawled on a valet ticket after a night out at a local restaurant. After Candea and Sam Aarons had dinner at the Spondivits restaurant in East Point, Ga., on New Year’s Day, they...It was a Navy SEALs mission gone terribly wrong. One evening in June 2005, four Navy SEALs were sent on a mission to track down Taliban leader Ahmad Shah. As they moved up a mountain in Afghanistan, they were surprised by 3 goat herders. The...You won\u0027t believe the fast joint relief these ingredients can deliverUS President Barack Obama arrived back in chilly Washington on Sunday after a 16-day holiday in his native Hawaii, but his wife Michelle was not with him. Obama swapped the sun-dappled golf courses of tropical Hawaii for a Washington in the grip of an Arctic cold snap this weekend, and faces a…A day after MSNBC\u0027s Melissa Harris-Perry issued a tearful on-air apology to Mitt Romney for joking about his adopted black grandson, the former Massachusetts governor accepted it as \"clearly heartfelt.\"Since Andrew Luck was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts with the No. 1 draft pick in the 2012 National Football League draft, the comparisons have been almost too easy. They were No. 1 draft picks, they ate up playbooks like Cheerios and milk, they were the sons of pro quarterbacks themselves,…TOKYO (AP) — Sushi restaurateur Kiyoshi Kimura paid 7.36 million yen (about $70,000) for a 507-pound (230-kilogram) bluefin tuna in the year\u0027s celebratory first auction at Tokyo\u0027s Tsukiji market on Sunday, just 5 percent of what he paid a year earlier despite signs that the species is in serious…For the second time in six weeks, New York City police have arrested a man in Brooklyn and charged him with assault as a hate crime in connection with the \"knockout game.\" The arrest comes as a spate of attacks have focused national attention on the knockout game, in which an assailant tries to…Residents of the Midwestern United States on Sunday braced for the coldest weather in two decades, temperatures that forecasters warned would be life-threatening. Icy conditions snarled travel across the region and thousands of flights were canceled or delayed, some officials preemptively closed…A private plane crashed at an airport in Aspen, Colo., on Sunday, eyewitnesses and aviation officials said.DEAR ABBY: My wife of 37 years has an exciting career she loves. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)A Texas police chief is being sued in federal court for allegedly harassing the husband of a woman with whom he purportedly fathered a son. Kyle City Police Chief Jeff Barnett allegedly “abused his authority and connections in January 2012 by having Dr. Glen Hurlston arrested...This morning on “This Week,” Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer took a swipe at Republican Sen. Rand Paul, saying he thought it was “insulting” that the Kentucky senator argued  that it is a “disservice” to continue unemployment benefits for workers after a certain period. “Most of...To neutralize the most dangerous chemicals stockpiled by Syria in a weapons program that brought global attention to a violent civil war, the international community will rely on a massive ship currently docked in Portsmouth, Va.: the MV (motor vessel) Cape Ray, a transport and...Buckley scores 29 to help No. 14 Iowa State put away No. 25 Oklahoma in OT, 82-75        Play over 40 games designed by neuroscientists at Lumosity.com, the personal trainer for your brain.The U.S. Congress begins its legislative year on Monday with an emphasis on economic and fiscal affairs, including legislation to fund the government beyond January 15 and the likely confirmation of Janet Yellen as the first woman to head the Federal Reserve. But with members of Congress jockeying…Police say 21-year-old Joshua Smith was shot and killed Saturday night and then driven to a Burger King.CHICAGO (AP) — Icy, snow-covered roads and high winds made travel treacherous Sunday from the Dakotas and Michigan to Missouri as much of the nation braced for the next winter wallop: a dangerous cold that could break records.News that many female marines in boot camp cannot complete three pull-ups might have you wondering: Why do women find the exercise so difficult? This week, the Associated Press confirmed that the Marine Corps will delay the implementation of a new standard that would have required women to do at…Government forces and rebels fought fresh battles across South Sudan on Sunday, vowing to step up their offensives as regional peace brokers struggled to get ceasefire talks off the ground. With the nation teetering on the edge of all-out civil war less than three years after gaining independence…The latest snow totals as 4 p.m. Sunday.Sun, Jan 5","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedPlane crashes at Aspen airport; 1 dead, 2 injuredRomney accepts MSNBC host\u0027s apologyPlane skids into snow at JFKGeorgia Couple Shocked Over Racial Slur on Valet TicketMark Wahlberg: Making \u0027Lone Survivor\u0027 Had a \u0027Huge Impact on Me\u0027How To Relieve JointsObama flies back to Washington - without MichelleRomney accepts MSNBC host\u0027s apologyWith \u0027Luck Fumble,\u0027 Andrew Luck shows how he\u0027s not Peyton ManningPrice of bluefin tuna nosedives at Tokyo auction\u0027Knockout game\u0027 as hate crime? Second Brooklyn man chargedDeep freeze stretches across the U.S. (6 photos)Plane crashes at Aspen airport; 1 dead, 2 injuredMan\u0027s Suggestion Solves One Problem, But Creates AnotherSuit Accuses Texas Police Chief of Harassing Man During Affair with His WifeSen. Chuck Schumer: \u0027Insulting\u0027 for Rand Paul to Say Extending Unemployment Benefits a Disservice to WorkersA Look at the Massive Ship That Will Destroy Syria\u0027s Chemical WeaponsNo. 14 Iowa St. Beats No. 25 Oklahoma 82-75 in OTLumosity Brain Training GamesFactbox: Key issues that will help define Congress in 20144 men charged in Raleigh\u0027s first homicide in 2014Below-zero temps push into Midwest, NortheastWhy Pull-Ups Are Harder for WomenS.Sudan rivals in fresh battles, struggle to start peace talksSnow continues, cold followsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":58,"second":58},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
