{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"BAGHDAD (AP) — An instructor teaching his militant recruits how to make car bombs accidentally set off explosives in his demonstration Monday, killing 21 of them in a huge blast that alerted authorities to the existence of the rural training camp in an orchard north of Baghdad. Nearly two dozen…DEAR ABBY: My 38-year-old son is mentally ill and refuses medication, counseling or any type of help. I\u0027m 63, and he physically and mentally abuses me. I had him committed, but he refused to cooperate, so they released him after two weeks. Life after that became worse. I have no time to myself…Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.On the day Philip Seymour Hoffman died of an apparent heroin overdose, so did roughly 100 other Americans -- 100 lives claimed by heroin or some other drug. \"Everyone\u0027s talking about him, and we want to know whose phone numbers were in his cellphone,\" says Steve Pasierb, president and CEO of The…These stunning ultra-high speed photos of water droplets were captured by photographer, Ronny Tertnes, 48, from Bergen, Norway. They show the water\u0027s displacement as various liquids are being dropped in. Ronny, who works full time as an IT administrator, set up his camera and flash rigs to capture…Salt Lake City (United States) (AFP) - With 17 of their 25 children still living at home, breakfast is a military operation for the Dargers. As organized chaos unfolds at the family home in the Utah countryside outside Salt Lake City, the parents come to help out. The Dargers are members of a…The world\u0027s wealthiest man Bill Gates would still pick up a $100 bill on the street, but he has no tips about how to get by on less than $100,000 a year. Oh, and the 58-year-old Microsoft co-founder says he can still leap over a chair, if it is a small one. Along with playful personal…An unnamed teenage juvenile was arrested by Norman, Oklahoma police for stealing nearly $30,000 from three area Walmarts.SINGAPORE (AP) — Airbus showed off its new wide-body A350 on Monday ahead of Asia\u0027s biggest airshow, signaling that the jet\u0027s delivery schedule is on track and stepping up its battle with Boeing for the lucrative long-haul market.Russian President Visits Party Spot to Congratulate MedalistLiving paycheck to paycheck is stressful, and it doesn\u0027t take much to turn a paycheck-to-paycheck lifestyle into a financial disaster. But don\u0027t go about this the wrong way.WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republican leaders were considering a plan Monday to reverse a recently passed cut to military pensions as the price for increasing the government\u0027s borrowing cap.“I had never screamed for music before,” says songwriter Bonnie Hayes, sounding still slightly shocked at her own behavior. She was in the third grade the first time she saw The Beatles. Like 73 million Americans, she and her father were watching \"The Ed Sullivan Show\" when the mop-top crew of…The Pentagon said on Monday it was unconcerned by an Iranian announcement that it would send naval vessels toward U.S. maritime borders, noting that lots of countries operated in international waters in the Atlantic. An Iranian naval officer was quoted by the semi-official Fars news agency as…It looks like we won’t have to wait much longer to find out whether or not the next Apple TV will double as a gaming console. 9to5Mac has found references to a new model of the Apple TV hardware within the iOS 7 software build. The list of items includes “AppleTV2,1? and “AppleTV3,1,” as well as…If you are a frequent flyer or you travel a lot, an airline or travel credit card can help save you money. Reach your dream destinations sooner.In 2006, then President Luiz Inacio Lula de Silva promised, Brazil would channel water to the sun-baked region from the São Francisco, the country\u0027s second-longest river. Eight years later, and near the end of a first term for Lula\u0027s hand-picked successor as president, Dilma Rousseff, the project…The Pulte family of Detroit made billions building houses across the United States. Now the founder\u0027s grandson wants to revitalize the city by tearing homes down.Flooding in Britain spread along the River Thames and began to threaten London on Monday, as a political row over the handling of devastating winter storms erupted into the open. The Environment Agency issued 14 severe flood warnings -- meaning lives are at risk -- in the affluent counties of…By Kate Kelland LONDON (Reuters) - Children with cancer are being denied access to potentially life-saving medicines because European Union rules allow drug firms to waive the need to test some drugs in pediatric trials, researchers said on Monday. Calling for a loophole in EU legislation to be…As a career diplomat he would be expected to be able to converse in several foreign languages but it\u0027s doubtful that Nigerian Pidgin English would be one of them. Yet the US ambassador to Nigeria took to the airwaves to speak in the vernacular about the most pressing issues between the two…If you\u0027re like most job seekers, you\u0027re not taking advantage of one of the best ways to get a hiring manager\u0027s attention: writing a great cover letter. Cover letters can be what gets you pulled out of a stack of applications and called for an interview. Cover letters are crucial to hiring…Mon, Feb 10","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"House to take up ban on in-flight yakkingIraqi militants accidentally bomb 21 of their ownA rush to evacuate as truce extended in Syria cityIraqi militants accidentally set off bomb, 21 deadMother Feels Imprisoned By Mentally Ill Adult SonCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015The Facts About HeroinWhen liquids collide – Photographer captures amazing images with high-speed photography (24 photos)Polygamy thrives in UtahWorld\u0027s richest man would still pick up a $100 billTeenage con artist accused of stealing nearly $30,000 from WalmartAirbus shows off A350 at big Asian airshowOpenly Gay Medalist \u0027Cuddles\u0027 with PutinHow to Stop Living Paycheck to PaycheckGOP weighs undoing vets pension cuts as debt priceThe Beatles: 50 years after \u0027Ed Sullivan,\u0027 they\u0027re everywhere, in everythingPentagon \u0027not concerned\u0027 by Iranian naval plans in AtlanticHere’s the latest evidence that a brand new Apple TV is on the wayTop Airline and Travel Credit Card Offers of 2014Brazil\u0027s Water Project (12 photos)Meet Detroit\u0027s unlikeliest home wreckerRiver Thames on flood alert as blame game ragesEU rules \"mean children can\u0027t get life-saving cancer drugs\"US \u0027soft power\u0027 diplomacy in Nigerian pidginHow to Write a Cover Letter That Will Get You an InterviewComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":5,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
