{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Lacey Johnson GEORGETOWN, Delaware (Reuters) - A well-known Delaware doctor would punish his stepdaughter by making her stand for hours with her arms outstretched, depriving her of food and forbidding her from using the bathroom, the girl\u0027s mother told a court on Thursday. Pauline Morse…By Antoni Slodkowski TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe heads to Russia on Friday in a show of support for President Vladimir Putin at the Sochi Olympics, just hours after headlining a rally demanding that Moscow return islands seized from Japan. Abe\u0027s trip to attend the Games…Join us for a free Rich Dad Education financial workshop in the San Francisco area. Attendees are entered to win a Kindle Fire! Save your spot now!By Philip Pullella ROME (Reuters) - A disgraced Catholic religious order whose late founder lived a double life as a paedophile, womanizer and drug addict officially denounced him on Thursday and apologized to his \"many victims\". The Legionaries of Christ, which former members said was run like a…Engineers in the Everglades stumbled upon a near-record-breaking Burmese python measuring more than 18 feet long during a routine inspection of levees on Tuesday, a water management district spokesman said. The snake, measuring at 18 feet 2 inches, fell short of the state record by 6 inches,…More than 200 photos provide a rare glimpse of not just the Civil War, but an entire era.NEW YORK (AP) — A large piece of stage backdrop autographed by the Beatles during their first live U.S. concert 50 years ago is headed to auction, where it could draw $800,000 to $1 million.Lyle Denniston looks at two Second Amendment cases under consideration at the Supreme Court later this month that would clarify questions posed by the National Rifle Association.DEAR ABBY: After a two-year relationship ended, I got pregnant on the rebound. I called my ex and told him I was having a baby with another man because I wanted to hurt him. Apparently it worked -- at least that\u0027s what his best friend told me. Now that a few months have passed, I ran into him and…By Thomas Ferraro WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked a new bid by Democrats to restore long-term unemployment benefits for 1.7 million Americans while also making millionaires ineligible for such emergency assistance. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid, expecting…MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A day after Rachel Fredrickson won the latest season of \"The Biggest Loser,\" after shedding nearly 60 percent of her body weight, attention wasn\u0027t focused on her $250,000 win — but rather the criticism surrounding her loss.SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Meryl Davis and Charlie White comforted and cheered their fellow Americans on a tough first night of competition for the U.S. in the new Olympic event of team figure skating.A student who fathered a child with an ex-Redlands schoolteacher convicted of having sex with him and two other students has sued the school district, alleging educators were negligent and complicit in his sexual battery. Courtney Friel reports for the KTLA 5 News at 1 on Thursday, Feb. 6, 2014.Italy\u0027s navy said Thursday it had rescued more than 1,100 immigrants on eight dinghies in 24 hours and warned that calmer seas could see the numbers rise further. \"Eight boats carrying a total of 1,123 people were assisted on Wednesday off the coast of Lampedusa island. They all appear to be from…Three Israeli settlers have been charged with carrying out so-called \"price tag\" attacks against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, the justice ministry said on Thursday. The three, from the Havat Gilad settler outpost in the northern West Bank, were reportedly the first to be interrogated by…Play over 40 games designed by neuroscientists at Lumosity.com, the personal trainer for your brain.Syrian rebels on Thursday seized control of most of Aleppo\u0027s central prison, freeing hundreds of detainees, an NGO said, prompting a denial from state media. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said members of the Islamic Front coalition, dominated by the Ahrar al-Sham brigade and Al-Qaeda…WASHINGTON (AP) — Cold and snow keep battering the Midwest and East, and even Atlanta was temporarily paralyzed. California has been bone dry. Alaska set heat records.The good news it that the rumors were true: Sony announced on Thursday that it has managed to offload its floundering PC business and the Vaio brand to Japan Industrial Partners, and the deal will close by the end of March. The awful news, however, is that word of the deal comes alongside the…FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — Ben Baldanza, the CEO of Spirit Airlines, leans over his kitchen table, takes another look at the board and plots out his strategy.MEXICO CITY (AP) — Members of the family of Mexican fisherman Ezequiel Cordoba, who died during a 13-month sea odyssey, said Thursday they don\u0027t blame the survivor who turned up in the Marshall Islands.It\u0027s the mother of all wedding dance videos.Thu, Feb 6","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Stroke advice breaks ground for women\u0027s healthCDC: New norovirus strain caused cruise ship outbreakActor Philip Seymour Hoffman mourned at NYC wakeDelaware doctor denied stepdaughter food, bathroom use -motherAbe backs Putin with visit; in contrast with Japan\u0027s China, Korea tiesFree Event in the San Francisco Area 2/10-2/15!Disgraced Catholic order denounces founder, apologizes to victims18-foot Burmese python found in Florida EvergladesNever Before Seen Civil War Photos RevealedEd Sullivan Beatles\u0027 item headed to NYC auctionConstitution Check: What does it mean that there is a right to “bear” guns?Woman On The Rebound Wants Back In Ex\u0027s CourtSenate Republicans block new bid to restore jobless benefitsSocial media erupt over \u0027Biggest Loser\u0027 winnerUS behind after 1st day of team figure skatingTeen Who Fathered Teacher`s Baby Sues School DistrictItaly rescues 1,100 boat migrants, warns of surgeSettlers charged with anti-Palestinian attacksLumosity Brain Training GamesSyria rebels seize most of Aleppo jail, free hundredsWeather weary nation asks why such a nasty winterSony announces huge round of layoffs as it breaks off TV business, dumps PCsThe ruthless strategist changing how we pay to flyMexican victim\u0027s family doesn\u0027t blame sea survivorMother and Son\u0027s Wedding Dance Goes ViralComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":7,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
