{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Two New York police officers were shot dead in broad daylight as they sat in a patrol car by an assailant who then killed himself, officials and reports said. \"Today, two of New York\u0027s finest were shot and killed with no warning, no provocation,\" police commissioner Bill Bratton told a news…Play the top slots from real Vegas casinos. Enjoy Vegas fun in Jackpot Party Casino!LOS ANGELES (AP) — An autopsy report for a Southern California mayor who was shot to death by his wife provides more detailed allegations that he inflicted domestic abuse over a span of two decades.Two Chicago men mugged Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s teenage son right across the street from the Emanuel family home on Friday night — and gave the high school senior a bloody lip and a chipped tooth to boot.The Islamic State extremist group has executed 100 of its own foreign fighters who tried to flee their headquarters in the Syrian city of Raqqa, the Financial Times newspaper said Saturday. An activist opposed to both IS and the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is well-known to the…WILLOW CREEK, Calif. (AP) — A California Highway Patrol officer shot and killed a 17-year-old who attacked him with a machete, and the officer was hospitalized with major injuries, officials said.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by an average of $4,100 a year. Here is how it works.President Obama has promised a “proportional” response to what the FBI says was North Korea’s massive, costly, and threatening computer hack at Sony Pictures Entertainment over the corporation’s yet-to-be-released satire “The Interview.”At a time when experts around the world fear that a post-antibiotic era may be on the horizon, India is facing harsh criticism from the global community for its inability to tackle its superbug epidemic. More than 58,000 infants died last year from bacterial infections that could not be treated,…Real Madrid defeated San Lorenzo of Argentina 2-0 on Saturday to win the Club World Cup and secure their fourth trophy of 2014. The Spanish giants dominated the final with Sergio Ramos, who had been an injury doubt because of a hamstring strain, and Gareth Bale getting on the scoresheet. Real added…These stunning snaps capture true winter wonderlands - as Mother Nature\u0027s icy grip takes hold of America\u0027s National Parks. From snow-capped mountains in Yosemite to an icy still Glacier Bay, the incredible images show their beauty is year round. In other breath-taking shots crisp frost lines the…Earn 40,000 Hilton HHonors™ Bonus Points. Apply for Your Card Today.Two NYPD police officers identified as Wenjin Liu and Raphael Ramos were ambushed and slain \"execution style\" Saturday. The shooter was identified by NYPD Police Commissioner Bill Bratton as 28-year-old Ismaaiyl Brinsley.SAN JACINTO, Calif. (AP) — Coco, a reddish-brown pit bull with white markings, went missing from her Southern California home on Thanksgiving. Nearly a month later, she was found and reunited with her owners — but she was a different color.Some knew it as the “sad side” of Ellis Island. A century ago, the hospital complex at the historic Ellis Island immigration inspection station was the place where approximately 1 out of every 10 arrivals who were too sick to be allowed into the country were sent to recover, or to die. The…NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 19-year-old woman was arrested for the murder of her 5-year-old cousin in upstate New York on Friday, less than a day after she reported what police said was a concocted story about two men in ski masks kidnapping the boy, local media reported. The body of Kenneth White was…Join in on all the holiday fun on Old Navy’s new Tumblr.Homeowners on Fairley Road in Ross Township, Pennsylvania, say their neighbor Bill Ansell is terrorizing them year round with his hostile anti-Christmas spirit.“Any opportunity he has to make our life a hardship, he does,” resident Chris Hebda told ABC News\u0027 “20/20.”“He\u0027s an angry person that\u0027s…Tighter new US sanctions against Venezuela are aimed to foment violent unrest to try to overthrow President Nicolas Maduro, his defense minister said Saturday. \"This US interference is aimed at promoting violence... against our institutions\" to oust staunch US critic Maduro, Defense Minister…There’s a tiny home located way up in the Swiss Alps that you have to see to believe. The studio house, dubbed Antoine, was designed by Bureau A, an architectural design firm. The concept came from the work of renowned Swiss writer Charles-Ferdinand Ramuz, who died in 1947. In his novel…SAN DIEGO (AP) — A judge has dismissed a lawsuit against a satellite phone company by a California couple rescued with their sick 1-year-old from a disabled sailboat that was attempting to circle the world.A new site has made it easy to find out the truth about the people you already know and people you meet! Simply type in a name and select a state!Rights groups Saturday condemned Pakistan\u0027s decision to hang two convicted militants in its first executions for six years, as leaders vowed decisive action in the wake of a Taliban school massacre that left 149 people dead. Pakistan described the bloody rampage in the northwestern city of Peshawar…By Mary Wisniewski (Reuters) - Five people have died and 21 others have been hospitalized in recent weeks in a listeria outbreak linked to caramel apples, federal health officials said on Friday. A total of 28 people infected with listeria have been reported from 10 states, according to a statement…ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — A video released Friday shows Ray Rice\u0027s then-fiancee crying and kissing him while they are both handcuffed and being taken to jail by police officers after Rice punched her in a casino elevator.Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayStephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackPresident Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackNews14:51Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027In a riveting interview with Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric, embattled actor Stephen Collins discusses the shocking sex abuse scandal that broke in October. Collins admits his misconduct with young girls, but insists he’s not a pedophile: “I do not fit the either the clinical or dictionary definition of it. I am not. A pedophile is someone who is mainly or wholly attracted to children. I\u0027m not.\"22:55President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackSources tell CBS News the sophisticated and damaging cyberattack against Sony Pictures originated in North Korea and flowed through a vast array of computer servers in other countries in an attempt to hide its origin. Major Garrett reports.30:50China Lodges Protest After Obama Approves Taiwan Frigate SaleChina said on Friday it had lodged a protest with the United States after President Barack Obama signed into law legislation authorizing the sale of up to four Perry-class guided missile frigates to Taiwan. Foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said the Taiwan issue was one of China\u0026#39;s core interests and remained the most important and most sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties. \u0026quot;China firmly opposes the arms sale to Taiwan by the U.S. This position is resolute, clear and consistent,\u0026quot; Qin told a daily news briefing. \u0026quot;It is a crude interference of China\u0026#39;s internal affairs, damages China\u0026#39;s sovereignty and security interests and goes against the trend of peaceful development in cross-strait relations,\u0026quot; he added.42:06Jerry Seib: The Politics of Cuba RelationsPresident Obama\u0026#39;s gamble on renewing relations with Cuba comes with political benefits -- but also with potential frustrations and big risks. WSJ’s Jerry Seib, Beth Reinhard and Colleen McCain Nelson explain. Photo: AP54:28Gov. Bill Richardson on North Korea, Technology and the Sony HackYahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric talked live with former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson about his view on the Sony hack and North Korean involvement.60:56Weak rouble doesn\u0027t stop Russia\u0027s New Year shopping spreeEven with the rouble\u0026#39;s declining value, Russian shoppers are still headed to the shopping center during the busiest shopping time of the year. Justin Mitchell reports.70:37Two New York police officers killed, gunman deadA gunman killed two New York police officers as they sat in their squad car Saturday and then turned his weapon on himself, the New York Times reported. Justin Mitchell reports.80:37Two New York police officers killed, gunman deadA gunman killed two New York police officers as they sat in their squad car Saturday and then turned his weapon on himself, the New York Times reported. Justin Mitchell reports.90:54N. Korea Proposes Joint Probe Over Sony HackingNorth Korea on Saturday proposed a joint investigation with the U.S. into the hacking attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment, warning of \u0026quot;serious\u0026quot; consequences if Washington rejects a probe. (Dec. 20)101:58Tunisians prepare for crucial presidential run-offSupporters of the incumbent and his rival rally ahead of a crucial run off vote that could cement Tunisia\u0026#39;s transition to full democracy. Mana Rabiee reports.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentSat, Dec 20","h1":"",".title":"Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo News2 NYPD officers fatally shot in ambushU.S. stands by assertion that North Korea behind Sony attackObama\u0027s Cuba moves reflect Florida political shiftTwo New York policemen \u0027assassinated\u0027Best Casino Slots!Autopsy describes abuse by mayor before his deathChristmas Chicago Style: Mayor Rahm’s Son Robbed Right In Front Of Family’s HomeIS has executed 100 foreigners trying to quit: reportCalifornia officer kills teen after machete attackThe Most Brilliant Way To Pay Off Your MortgageDid North Korea just blink over Sony\u0027s \u0027The Interview\u0027 hack?Yes, You Should Be Scared: Antibiotics May Have Just Stopped Working in IndiaReal Madrid win Club World Cup, fourth title of 2014Magical winter wonderlandsHilton HHonors™ CardShooter of two NYPD officers identified as Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, of BaltimoreOfficials: Missing dog was dyed to deceiveEllis Island: From ‘sad side’ to saving ‘South Side’NY woman who reported kidnap charged with murdering cousinDecorating is in the details.How One Man Is Terrorizing Neighbors With a Hostile Holiday Decoration DisplayUS seeks to overthrow Venezuela government: officialThis boulder in the Swiss Alps is actually a tiny, hidden homeJudge dismisses suit by family saved at seaForget \u0027Googling\u0027 Their Name, Use This New Site!Pakistan slammed for resuming executions after school massacreFive dead, dozens ill from bacteria linked to caramel applesNew video shows Rice and fiancee in aftermath of punchComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":18,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
