{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"NEW YORK (AP) — Civil rights leaders Sunday condemned the ambush killings of two New York police officers and expressed fear that the backlash over the bloodshed could derail the protest movement that has grown out of the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.Entry-priced new cars have never been so desirable! Can you guess which car made the number 1 spot on this year\u0027s list of coolest cars? Find out now!Lawmakers, civil rights leaders and other officials took to Sunday-morning talk shows to condemn Saturday\u0027s slayings of two NYPD police officers.LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Christians and Satanists put up competing displays Sunday on the Michigan Capitol grounds as Christmas week got underway.Authorities say speed was a factor in a fiery head-on crash in eastern Pennsylvania that claimed the lives of four teens and left one car upside-down and another split in two.ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — It won\u0027t be the same old story for Tony Romo and the Dallas Cowboys.One emerging technology has Buffett himself admitting there\u0027s a \"real threat\" to his empire.In a pair of a heart-wrenching Facebook posts, the son of one of the two NYPD officers killed in Saturday\u0027s apparent ambush paid tribute to his slain father.Video has been released of the moment when a group of uniformed police officers turn their backs towards Mayor Bill de Blasio after two police officers were shot.KITTERY, Maine (AP) — Even on land, the Ghost looks futuristic and fast.By Letitia Stein TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - A veteran Florida police officer was shot and killed while on duty early Sunday by a man described as transient, according to law enforcement officials, who gave no motive for the suspect now charged with murder. Officer Charles Kondek, 45, was gunned down…It’s the end of the year, and now is the perfect time to find a deal on a laptop. They’re all on sale- Go find the perfect one with Yahoo Search!At least 20 Islamist State (IS) group members were killed in the second failed jihadist bid in a month to take over an air base in eastern Syria, a monitoring group said Sunday. \"The IS tried, starting late Saturday, to storm the air base. A total of 20 jihadists were killed in the attack, as well…EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — Sheldon Richardson was stunned when he heard the news Saturday that two New York City police officers were killed in the line of duty.By now most American parents know the super-size effects of fast food on their kids’ bodies (just ask McDonald’s how its Happy Meals are doing). A new study suggests that obesity might be just one facet of unhealthy eating. Turns out, those processed meals might also be hurting children’s brains. ROCKFORD, Ill. (AP) — Four people, including two young boys, were killed in a shooting late Saturday at a home in the northern Illinois city of Rockford, authorities said.Here are some other practical uses for rubber bands you may find helpful in everyday life.A driver shouting \"Allahu Akbar\" (\"God is greatest\") ploughed into pedestrians in eastern France on Sunday, injuring 11 of them, just a day after a man yelling the same words was killed in an attack on police officers. Two of the people injured in the car attack in the city of Dijon were in a…Two unnamed female Sri Lankan baby leopards are seen in a zoo in Maubeuge, a polar bear Uslada shakes off water in her pool at the Leningrad Zoo and a family of giraffes look out from their enclosure at Sydney\u0027s Taronga Park Zoo are some of the most captivating animal pictures of 2014. (Reuters)…A man who fatally shot two New York police officers before killing himself told bystanders to \"watch what I\u0027m going to do\" moments before the attack, according to policeRIO GRANDE, Nicaragua (AP) — As a conscripted soldier during the Contra War of the 1980s, Esteban Ruiz used to flee from battles because he didn\u0027t want to have to kill anyone. But now, as the 47-year-old farmer prepares to fight for his land, Ruiz insists, \"I\u0027m not going to run.\"We\u0027ve got an awesome selection of stylish Duluth clothing for men. Update your wardrobe with the latest fashions!TALLAHASSEE, Fla., Dec 21 (Reuters) - Florida State University star quarterback Jameis Winston has been cleared in a student conduct code hearing looking into charges that he sexually assaulted a female student two years ago, according to documents released to Reuters on Sunday. There was…Al-Qaeda\u0027s regional branch on Sunday said its hearts were \"bursting with pain\" over the Taliban\u0027s massacre at a Pakistan school and urged the militants to target only security forces.A man leaves flowers at an impromptu memorial near the site where two police officers were killed the day before in the Brooklyn, Bengali men work in the paddy field near Sat Yoe Kya Muslim refugee camp near Sittwe of Rakhine State, western Myanmar and Detroit Lions running back Reggie Bush dives…Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayStephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackPresident Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackNews14:51Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027In a riveting interview with Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric, embattled actor Stephen Collins discusses the shocking sex abuse scandal that broke in October. Collins admits his misconduct with young girls, but insists he’s not a pedophile: “I do not fit the either the clinical or dictionary definition of it. I am not. A pedophile is someone who is mainly or wholly attracted to children. I\u0027m not.\"22:55President Obama considers retaliation for Sony hack attackSources tell CBS News the sophisticated and damaging cyberattack against Sony Pictures originated in North Korea and flowed through a vast array of computer servers in other countries in an attempt to hide its origin. Major Garrett reports.30:50China Lodges Protest After Obama Approves Taiwan Frigate SaleChina said on Friday it had lodged a protest with the United States after President Barack Obama signed into law legislation authorizing the sale of up to four Perry-class guided missile frigates to Taiwan. Foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said the Taiwan issue was one of China\u0026#39;s core interests and remained the most important and most sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties. \u0026quot;China firmly opposes the arms sale to Taiwan by the U.S. This position is resolute, clear and consistent,\u0026quot; Qin told a daily news briefing. \u0026quot;It is a crude interference of China\u0026#39;s internal affairs, damages China\u0026#39;s sovereignty and security interests and goes against the trend of peaceful development in cross-strait relations,\u0026quot; he added.42:06Jerry Seib: The Politics of Cuba RelationsPresident Obama\u0026#39;s gamble on renewing relations with Cuba comes with political benefits -- but also with potential frustrations and big risks. WSJ’s Jerry Seib, Beth Reinhard and Colleen McCain Nelson explain. Photo: AP54:28Gov. Bill Richardson on North Korea, Technology and the Sony HackYahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric talked live with former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson about his view on the Sony hack and North Korean involvement.61:17Pakistani minister warns of more attacksChristians hold prayer services for the victims of a Taliban massacre at a school that left 132 children dead, as Pakistan\u0026#39;s interior minister warns of further militant attacks. Vanessa Johnston reports.71:33Emotions run high outside home of fallen NYPD offficerEmotions run high during a news conference outside the home of one of the two NYPD officers who were killed by a gunman seeking revenge for police misconduct. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).81:33Emotions run high outside home of fallen NYPD offficerEmotions run high during a news conference outside the home of one of the two NYPD officers who were killed by a gunman seeking revenge for police misconduct. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).90:38Florida police officer killedPolice say that a veteran Florida police officer was shot and killed while on duty and that a suspect has been arrested on a charge of first-degree murder. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).100:28Polls close in Tunisian electionPolls close in Tunisia\u0026#39;s historic presidential run-off elections. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentSun, Dec 21","h1":"",".title":"Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Stephen Collins Exclusive: \u0027I\u0027m absolutely not physically or sexually attracted to children\u0027Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo News13-year-old son of slain NYPD officer mourns father on FacebookObama, de Blasio blasted over NYPD cop slayingsWhat police departments can learn from the LAPDKillings of 2 New York officers trigger backlash10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Obama, de Blasio blasted over NYPD cop slayingsSatanic Temple puts up display at Michigan Capitol4 teens die in fiery head-on crash in PoconosRomo, Cowboys reach playoffs in 42-7 rout of ColtsBuffett\u0027s Empire Is In Danger...And He Knows It13-year-old son of slain NYPD officer mourns father on FacebookWatch the Moment When NYPD Officers Turn Their Backs on the MayorEntrepreneur builds a sleek ship, but will anyone buy it?Florida police officer killed; suspect charged with murderBest Laptop Computers:Yahoo Trending Search20 jihadists killed in failed east Syria airport attackJets players speak out on murdered NYPD officersThe New Fast-Food Danger That Makes Obesity Look Like Child’s Play4 people including 2 children killed at Rockford home21 Uses For Rubber Bands You Never Thought OfDriver ploughs into pedestrians in France\u0027s second \u0027Allahu Akbar\u0027 attackBest animal photos of 2014Cop-Killer Told Bystanders \u0027Watch What I\u0027m Going to Do\u0027Rising anger as Nicaragua canal to break groundMen\u0027s Duluth Clothing for Much LessFlorida State quarterback Winston cleared in conduct hearing into alleged rapeAl-Qaeda \u0027bursting with pain\u0027 over Pakistan school attackPhotos of the day - December 21, 2014ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":45,"second":14},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
