{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.LAHORE, Pakistan (AP) — A pregnant woman was stoned to death Tuesday by her own family outside a courthouse in the Pakistani city of Lahore for marrying the man she loved.FREEHOLD, N.J. (AP) — A man who tossed his 2-year-old daughter into a creek while she was strapped into her car seat apologized Wednesday — but not for murdering the child. Instead, just before he was sentenced to spend the rest of his life in prison, Arthur Morgan III apologized to the child\u0027s…Why go for used when you can get the Fair Price on great quality accordions? Play your favourite tunes only on brand new accordions.BEREA, Ohio (AP) — Johnny Manziel isn\u0027t going to change his lifestyle for anyone — like it or not.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a 27-year-old woman trapped in a loveless marriage. My husband is a few years younger, and very co-dependent. Before he dated me, he had never had a girlfriend or a sexual encounter. I came into the relationship with a child and some trust/fear issues because my ex had abused me. My…Before there was Kimye, the most famous Kardashian was Paris Hilton’s own closet organizer/ punching bag/ silent friend. Never forget.PAYSON, Ariz. (AP) — A 3-year-old Payson boy shot and killed his 1½ -year-old brother after the boys found a handgun in a neighbor\u0027s apartment and took it to another room, the eastern Arizona town\u0027s police chief said Wednesday.CHICAGO (AP) — Forced by court order to allow long-banned gun stores to open in Chicago, Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Wednesday introduced an ordinance that is so strict and so dramatically limits where the stores can operate that critics say it is little more than a continuation of the city\u0027s longtime ban.By Richard Weizel MILFORD Conn. (Reuters) - A Connecticut man who has been charged with killing his ailing wife during a drunken fight kept her body in their suburban home outside Hartford for two days, prosecutors said. John Dewees Jr., 49, was charged on Tuesday with first-degree manslaughter for…No DUI? Drive less than 100 miles a day? You qualify for the lowest possible insurance rates offered in the U.S. Compare up to 4 quotes in minutes.By Richard Cowan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of children unaccompanied by parents or relatives are flooding across the southern U.S. border illegally, forcing the Obama administration and Congress to grapple with both a humanitarian crisis and a budget dilemma. An estimated 60,000 such…On June 6, 1944, allied soldiers descended on the beaches of Normandy for D-Day - an operation that turned the tide of the Second World War against the Nazis, marking the beginning of the end of the conflict. Today, as many around the world prepare to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the…NEW YORK (AP) — A representative for One Direction says the band\u0027s lawyers are dealing with a video showing two band members smoking what the singers referred to as an \"illegal substance.\"By Sabina Zawadzki and Gabriela Baczynska DONETSK, Ukraine, May 27 (Reuters) - Ukrainian aircraft and paratroopers killed more than 50 pro-Russian rebels in an assault that raged into a second day on Tuesday after a newly elected president vowed to crush the revolt in the east once and for all. The…DEAR ABBY: My husband, \"Mike,\" and I are young newlyweds and adjusting to our new life quite well. However, while we both come from deeply religious families, we are both nonbelievers, which has caused some strife within the family. Mike has several nieces and nephews (ages 4 to 9) who have asked…DEAR ABBY: I married a great guy a short while ago. It\u0027s the second marriage for both of us. He\u0027s good to my kids, my parents, and even gets along with my ex-husband. \"Stan\" moved into my home after we married. There\u0027s only one major problem I\u0027m having trouble dealing with: He goes through all my…Guess which free sample they sent me today! You can see new freebies every day, and no cost to sign up or redeem.DEAR ABBY: I love my daughter-in-law and I am afraid she is harming herself because of her addiction to tanning. Her boys are in high school and cannot remember their mother without a really dark tan. One son told his classmates in grade school that his mother was African-American when they were…A Fresno, California man without much money of his own, recently found a bag filled with $125,000 and turned it in to the police.Anna Richter played high school basketball and grew up near a golf course in Centreville, Virginia, where the average family makes more than $100,000 per year. She was 15 or 16 when she began popping prescription painkillers to get high.A Viscount in the Armoured Cavalry Branch of the French Army left behind a collection of hundreds of glass plates taken during World War One that have never before been published. The images, by an unknown photographer, show daily life of soldiers in the trenches, destruction of towns and military…AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — Maine\u0027s ethics panel fined a national anti-gay marriage group more than $50,000 on Wednesday and ordered it to reveal the donors who backed its efforts to repeal the state\u0027s gay marriage law.San Martino in Passiria (Italy) (AFP) - A steward has told how he tried to stop the accident involving Germany\u0027s World Cup stars when one of the cars they were passengers in hit him and a by-stander. The accident at Germany\u0027s pre-World Cup training camp in northern Italy on Tuesday left the steward…Find Hyundai dealers in your area with the best prices on 2014 models. Pay below MSRP and invoice prices!Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistWed, May 28If you are currently insured, have no DUI\u0027s, and drive less than 50 miles per day, you are paying too much for auto insurance.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $3,000 a year. Here is how it works.No DUI? Drive less than 100 miles a day? You qualify for the lowest possible insurance rates offered in the U.S. Compare up to 4 quotes in minutes.Every dealer has a secret price. Compare the best end of year clearance prices. Don\u0027t pay MSRP! Find the lowest possible price on a Ford today!The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product over others without breaking the bank.","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsFeaturedSisi leads Egypt vote, but turnout raises questionsTop scientists: E-cigarettes \u0027part of the solution\u0027 to end smokingActivists hail arrest of 73-year-old in Reno \u0027stand your ground\u0027 casePregnant Pakistani woman stoned to death by familyMan gets life for tossing daughter, 2, into creekFantastic Deals on AccordionsBrowns QB Johnny Manziel: \"It\u0027s my life\"Husband\u0027s Absence Gives Wife A Taste Of Freedom From AbuseWhen Kim Was Paris’s AssistantPolice: 3-year-old shot, killed younger brotherChicago mayor offers gun store law, critics pounceConnecticut man killed wife, kept body in home, prosecutors say2014 - Get Even With Your Auto Insurance Company!Waves of immigrant minors present crisis for Obama, CongressThe D-Day landings, 70 years later: Then and now (34 photos)One Direction\u0027s lawyers looking into leaked videoMore than 50 rebels killed as new Ukraine leader unleashes assaultNONBELIEVERS WALK FINE LINE WITH RELIGIOUS FAMILY MEMBERSNOSY NEW HUSBAND CLAIMS HE HAS THE RIGHT TO SNOOPFree Stuff. Seriously?FAMILY WISHES WOMAN WOULD GIVE TANNING BEDS A RESTMan strapped for cash, finds bag filled with $125,000 and turns it in to policeHeroin is the drug of choice in white US suburbsWWI, unseen images from the front (31 photos)Maine fines national anti-gay marriage groupGermany\u0027s World Cup stars in serious car crashWant the Lowest Price on a 2014 Hyundai?ComicsBad News for Insurance Agents, Good for CaliforniaAn Interesting Method to Pay Off Mortgage2014 - Get Even With Your Auto Insurance Company!How Far Below MSRP Can You Buy a Ford?Anti-Aging Creams of 2014Follow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":11,"second":34},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
