{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"DEAR ABBY: During the past three years, my husband and I managed to save about $45,000 for a down payment on the purchase of a new home. (We each put in about half.) Early last month, I asked my husband if he liked one house we had just seen, and he confessed that he had taken all the money we had…In a speech in Wisconsin on Thursday, President Barack Obama insulted perhaps the most fervent members of his political base: art history majors. After extolling his own economic policies at some length, Obama observed that “manufacturing jobs typically pay well” in the United States. “A lot of…The IRS is now accepting e-file returns, which means now is the time to get your taxes done. Nobody can get your refund faster than TurboTax.NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Renan Barao was on a tear, trying to put away Urijah Faber with a series of fists to the head.A 13-year-old student from Maine suffered first and second degree burns after the iPhone she was carrying in her pants pocket caught on fire, school officials said. The eighth grader was in class at Kennebunk Middle School when she heard a pop and smoke began...People taking part in the protests in Ukraine, are using different and interesting costumes and accessories. Protestors protect themselves and project their individuality by wearing a wide range of masks, goggles and helmets. (Photographs by Burak Akbulut/Anadolu Agency/TT/Sipa USA) Find more…Charles Ingram and Robert Webster were neighbors in Florida, but friends said the two older men had little love for each other and often quarreled. On a spring day in 2010, the two men, both gun enthusiasts who had state permits to carry concealed weapons, got into another argument across their…Niger\u0027s government and French nuclear giant Areva are engaged in tough talks on the future of uranium mining in the west African country, whose leaders want more money from the resource to help pay for development. Production resumed at Areva\u0027s two uranium mines in Niger on Saturday after weeks of…Warren, Michigan officials quickly acted to rectify the matter.After years of squabbling, Harry Potter\u0027s best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger finally became an item -- but now their creator JK Rowling has admitted she made a mistake by marrying them off. Hermione -- whose quick wits get the teen wizards out of many a scrape in Rowling\u0027s hit novels --…JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday rejected U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry\u0027s warning against a growing boycott movement against the Jewish state should peace talks with the Palestinians fail, saying the stance undermined Israel\u0027s legitimacy and the chances of…Oregon voters will likely face two questions about gay marriage when they go to the ballot this year: whether to become the 18th state to let same-sex couples wed, and whether the state should be the first to allow florists, cake makers and others to refuse to participate in these weddings on…INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Meteorologists in the Midwest took to social media on Friday to quell rumors that a winter storm expected to move into the region next week could dump up to 30 inches of snow in some areas.The latest verdict from an Italian Appeals court finding Amanda Knox and her then boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito guilty of murdering her roommate Meredith Kercher may come as a stunning outrage to many Americans. But maybe it’s not quite that hard to understand.        A man who spotted a dolphin stranded on the shore in Oxnard helped it get back into the water. It was caught on tape.Join us for a free Rich Dad Education financial workshop in the San Francisco area. Attendees are entered to win a Kindle Fire! Save your spot now!By Zachary Fagenson MIAMI (Reuters) - Police who found five pounds of pot during a routine traffic stop searched the motorists\u0027 house and followed the scent to an empty backyard swimming pool where 82 marijuana plants were growing beneath a thick slab of concrete, officials said on Friday. On…She Was Staggering Down the Hallway and Slurring, Report Says.As part of the National Constitution Center\u0027s 27 Amendments (In 27 Days) project, each day we will look at a constitutional amendment. Today, we look at the Second Amendment, which protects individuals’ rights to possess firearms unconnected to any service in a militia.By Andrea Lorenz HOUSTON (Reuters) - Several ill passengers who disembarked from a Princess Cruises ship in Houston on Friday said they felt like prisoners forced to their cabins for days when the vessel suffered the second outbreak of a stomach illness to hit a cruise ship in a week. It was…Tangiers (Morocco) (AFP) - A century after it was built, the Cervantes theatre in Tangiers, once a symbol of the famed Moroccan city\u0027s cultural vibrancy, is derelict and risks disappearing altogether, eclipsed by flashy new developments. The 1,400-seat playhouse, just a short distance from the old…Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - A Mexican castaway who says he survived more than a year drifting at sea pleaded on Sunday to be taken home as he was picked up from the remote Pacific island where he had washed ashore. \"I want to get back to Mexico,\" the castaway, who identified himself as Jose…Sun, Feb 2","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Iran says serious about long-term nuclear dealHandlers: Punxsutawney Phil predicts longer winterThousands of anti-Putin protesters march in MoscowHusband Destroys Wife\u0027s Trust Trying To Shore Up BusinessCruel, heartless Obama mocks his most loyal, unquestioning supportersWhy You Shouldn\u0027t Wait to File Your TaxesBarao retains belt against Faber at UFC 169Student Injured After iPhone Bursts Into Flames in Pants PocketPortraits of Ukrainian protesters (15 photos)Gun debate: Is price of an armed America a more dangerous America?Niger, Areva tussle over future of uranium miningPolice officer hacks off woman’s hair, gets fired (with video)Hermione should have married Harry Potter, Rowling admitsIsraeli premier rejects Kerry\u0027s boycott warningGay-marriage debate takes new twist in Oregon: religious exemptionWeather service debunks rumors of giant snowstormKnox Found Guilty Again: Why Court Could Be (Sort of) RightMan helps stuck dolphin back into waterFree Event in the San Francisco Area 2/10-2/15!Florida police find marijuana plants growing in empty swimming poolFlorida Teacher Accused of Being Drunk at School Fights to Keep JobSecond Amendment: The Right To Bear ArmsIll cruise passengers \u0027felt like prisoners\u0027 ahead of Texas dockingSpanish theatre a crumbling symbol of Tangiers\u0027 rich pastMexican castaway begins long journey homeComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":16,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
