{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The police chief of a small south Texas town was shot dead during a traffic stop on Saturday, a county sheriff said. Michael Pimentel died of multiple gunshot wounds suffered in a confrontation with a motorist shortly before noon in Elmendorf, a rural community of about 1,500 people just southeast…Turning 65? Kaiser Permanente offers quality \u0026 affordability with our 2014 5-Star Rated Medicare health plans. Explore your options in CA today!BEIJING (AP) — China\u0027s Defense Ministry rejected U.S. accusations that a Chinese fighter jet conducted a \"dangerous intercept\" of a U.S. Navy surveillance aircraft off the southern Chinese coast.SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Two Mormon missionaries serving in Taiwan and another in Oklahoma have died.A St. Louis County police officer, who was seen pushing a CNN anchor during protests in Ferguson, Mo., this week, was suspended from duty after a controversial video surfaced, in which he fashions himself as a merciless killer. “I personally believe in Jesus Christ as my lord and savior, but I’m…MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) — A 38-year-old man died Saturday after he was shot multiple times backstage during a concert at a popular Silicon Valley venue, authorities said.China has executed eight people for \"terrorist attacks\", including three it described as \"masterminding\" a suicide car crash in Beijing\u0027s Tiananmen Square in 2013, state media announced. The official Xinhua news agency said early Sunday that the eight were involved in several cases connected to the…Miss an Episode of Legends? Watch Online Now or Wednesdays at 9/8c only on TNT.BRISTOL, Tenn. (AP) — Denny Hamlin got spun out and wrecked while racing as the leader by Kevin Harvick at Bristol Motor Speedway on Saturday night. Hamlin later fired his HANS device at Harvick\u0027s car as it passed under caution.SAN MARCOS, Calif. (AP) — Three Japanese college students were killed and five others were injured when the car they were in veered off a California freeway and struck a power pole, officials said Friday.From the rescue plane which took them on a one-way journey to France, two Iraqi refugees revealed tales of rape and fear at the hands of Islamic State that forced them to flee their homeland with nothing. Rene, who did not want to give his last name, said the Islamic extremists currently rampaging…DENVER (AP) — A judge ordered a Denver man on Friday to stand trial in the killing of his wife, who told dispatchers moments before her death that he was paranoid and hallucinating after eating marijuana-infused candy.BALI, Indonesia (AP) — In a story Aug. 16 about the investigation into the killing of a Chicago woman in Indonesia, The Associated Press reported erroneously that police had charged an American couple with murder in connection with the case. Police said they were preparing murder charges against…Declaring that the beheading of an American journalist was a terrorist attack on the United States, the Obama administration said Friday that it was weighing how to confront Islamic State militants in Syria. Courtney Friel reports for the KTLA 5 News at 6 p.m. on Saturday, Aug. 23, 2014.Offering More Advanced Safety Features than any Car in its Class.DEAR ABBY: My future son-in-law recently moved in with us for financial reasons. He\u0027s 27 and a nice guy, but he\u0027s a habitual knuckle-cracker. He cracks every finger of each hand twice (back and forth) every half-hour or so. He also cracks his neck and wrists, but less frequently. As an added bonus,…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Iggy Azalea tumbled off the stage during an MTV Video Music Awards benefit concert, but she appeared unharmed and posted a video of the fall on social media.Archaeologists have found two ancient Mayan cities hidden in the jungle of southeastern Mexico, and the lead researcher says he believes there are \"dozens\" more to be found in the region. Ivan Sprajc, associate professor at the Research Center of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts, said his…As much of the world expressed revulsion over the beheading of American journalist James Foley by an ISIL executioner, Hamas political chief Khaled Meshaal took pains to disassociate his organization from the Islamist militant group that has conducted a murderous rampage across a large swath of…For twenty years, thousands of people have tried. But one New Hampshire couple finally pulled the lever on one of Las Vegas\u0027 most storied gambling attractions.CLEVELAND (AP) — Olympic champions together, Kevin Love and LeBron James spent the last 30 days waiting to become teammates again.Remember the Sweet Aroma and Delicious Taste of Froot Loops? Bring Back the Awesome with a Bowl of Froot Loops Today!Retired Philadelphia police captain Ray Lewis cut an arresting figure in his crisp uniform, dark blue cap -- and a sign demanding \"the truth\" about the fatal police shooting of an unarmed black youth. Lewis turned heads and got people talking Thursday in his first appearance at the nightly protests…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistSun, Aug 24","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsUse of military weapons to be reviewedThousands rally in New York over chokehold deathLibya Islamist militias \u0027seize Tripoli airport\u0027Texas police chief shot dead during traffic stopKaiser Permanente Medicare Health Plans in CAChina defends intercepting US Navy plane2 Mormon missionaries die in Taiwan; 1 dies in USSuspended St. Louis Police Officer: \"I\u0027m Into Diversity, I Kill Everybody\"Man dies after being shot backstage at concertChina executes Tiananmen Square attackersDeath Of 20 Year Old HeartbreakWatch Legends on TNT. Every Wed @ 9/8c.Spun by Harvick, Hamlin fires safety device at him3 Japanese students killed in California car crashFleeing Iraqi Christians reveal horror of Islamic StateMan who ate pot candy must stand trial in killingCorrection: Indonesia-US Woman Dead storyBeheading of Journalist James Foley Declared Terrorism; U.S. Considers Attack on ISIS MilitantsThe Infiniti QX60KNUCKLE-CRACKING HABIT BRINGS CALM AND CRAZINESS TO FAMILYIggy Azalea falls off stage during pre-VMA showTwo ancient Mayan cities found in Mexican jungleHamas leader: Don\u0027t compare us to ISILNew Hampshire Couple Wins $2.4M in MGM Grand\u0027s \u0027Lion\u0027s Share\u0027Lovefest: Kevin Love traded to Cavs, joins LeBronCheck Out the Official Froot Loops Site!Retired cops side with Ferguson protestersComicsKaiser Permanente® Medicare Health Plans in CAFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":12,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
