{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.NASHPORT, Ohio (AP) — A couple who held hands at breakfast every morning even after 70 years of marriage have died 15 hours apart.WORCESTER, Mass. (AP) — All Massachusetts authorities could say for sure is that they found the lifeless body of a small boy, apparently cast off the side of a highway.The ultimate skin tightening regimen that is helping every day women achieve younger looking skin without breaking the bank.Remember earlier this year when House Republicans said they would deal with immigration reform once the primaries were over? Well, according to The Wall Street Journal, House Speaker John Boehner told a group of donors that they\u0027ll pass bills addressing the issue this summer. At a fundraiser in Las…As Christians worldwide gather for Easter to celebrate their belief in the death and rebirth of Jesus, researchers continue to delve into the mysteries that surround the man. The following are five questions about Jesus that, for now, at least, remain unanswered. In 2008, astronomer Dave Reneke…PLEASANT GROVE, Utah (AP) — The Utah State Medical Examiner\u0027s Office has completed autopsies of seven infants found in cardboard boxes in a woman\u0027s garage, but it is unclear when the results will be released.Nashville and Louisville mark two more concert stops Miley Cyrus will miss due to her hospitalization — and she’s sick of it. “sick of waking up to needles,” Cyrus tweeted early Friday (April 18) morning. “#goingthruit #floydfriday” The former Disney Channel star has been hospitalized...By Mark Miller CHICAGO (Reuters) - Paper Social Security benefits statements, which used to be mailed out every year and then fell victim to budget cuts, are going to make a partial comeback. Starting this September, the Social Security Administration (SSA) will resume mailings at five-year…A 10-week-old bear cub named Tahoe was abandoned at the Bear League Facility in Tahoe, California. Other than dehydration, Tahoe is healthy. However, because the person who dropped her off didn`t leave a note where she was found, she might not be able to be released into the wild.The simple way to boost the anti-aging results of this powerful ingredient for younger looking skin in just one step without breaking the bank. On Tuesday morning, a plane owned in trust by the Bank of Utah showed up in a very visible area of the Mehrabad Airport in Tehran, the capital of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Under President Barack Obama, the United States has eased some of the long-standing punitive economic sanctions against…TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — If expanding the guest list to include Michelle Obama at graduation for high school students in the Kansas capital city means fewer seats for friends and family, some students and their parents would prefer the first lady not attend.Poland\u0027s defense minister has said US ground forces will be sent to Poland to expand NATO\u0027s presence there as events continue to unfold in neighboring Ukraine, The Washington Post reported. Tomasz Siemoniak told the Post Friday that military planners were already working on the details and that…CINCINNATI (AP) — An Ohio teacher has been fired after a black student who said he wanted to become president claimed the teacher told him the nation didn\u0027t need another black commander in chief.Russian surveillance planes already fly over America, thanks to a long-standing treaty. But a new, ultra-sophisticated spy plane has U.S. military and intelligence bosses spooked.Deadly Virus Has Killed 93 People WorldwideChapter 7 can wipe out credit card debt and medical bills in as little as six months. Find out if you\u0027re eligible to file Chapter 7.MESA, Ariz. (AP) — Former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb was released Thursday from an Arizona jail after serving a one-day sentence for a DUI arrest late last year.A Look at the Different Reasons Men and Women Stray From Their SpousesThe search for the missing Malaysia Airlines jet entered a new stage Friday when navy ships deployed stingray-shaped sound locators in a remote stretch of the Indian Ocean, in an increasingly urgent hunt for the plane\u0027s data recorders before their beacons fall silent. Officials leading the…BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly is prepared to make a bid to buy the Buffalo Bills. Donald Trump\u0027s on board, too.SHERIDAN, Wyo. (AP) — A golden eagle that was apparently electrocuted near Sheridan was more than 30 years old, which ties the record for second-oldest in the species that has ever been tagged in North America, Wyoming wildlife officials said.DENVER — The legalization of recreational marijuana sales in Colorado is turning an underground industry into a big business — and ushering in innovations in everything from genetics to growing methods. \"Every single day, someone is reinventing the wheel, so to speak,\" said Scott Reach, a cannabis…The ultimate skincare breakthrough formulated to help women achieve younger looking skin without spending money on surgery or injections.Sat, Apr 19","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedBodies found inside sunken ferry by diversItaly awards world’s best pizza maker title to Australian chefSocial Security to resume benefits statement mailingsOhio couple married 70 years die 15 hours apartAutopsy to ID dead boy; body cast off side of road74-Yr-Old Outsmarts Doctors. Reduces Her Wrinkles.House Republicans Might Pass Immigration Bills After All, Just as They Always Planned5 Unanswered Questions About JesusAutopsies done on 7 Utah babies found in garageMiley Cyrus Remains Hospitalized, Two More Shows CanceledSocial Security to resume benefits statement mailingsBaby Bear Abandoned In Dog Crate RecoveringOne-Step Retinol Treatments For Women Over 50What the hell is this American plane owned by the Bank of Utah doing in IRAN?Kansas speech by Michelle Obama draws complaintsUS ground forces to be sent to Poland, report saysOhio teacher fired over comment on black presidentRussian Spy Planes in U.S. SkiesSARS-Like MERS Virus Spreads Among Health Care WorkersMillions Get Out of Debt with This Easy Process!Ex-quarterback McNabb spends day in Arizona jailFor the Thrill of the Affair: Why Married Women CheatMissing Malaysia Airlines jet (12 photos)Big names among prospective Buffalo Bills buyersGolden eagle found in Wyo. tied for second-oldestPot of Gold: Innovation Helps Cannabis Industry FlourishAnti Aging Creams of 2014ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":22,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
