{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The countries searching for the missing Malaysian jet are assessing a claim by a resource survey company that it found possible plane wreckage in the northern Bay of Bengal, Malaysia\u0027s defense minister said.A tiny fishing community in Canada\u0027s island province of Newfoundland faced an unusual threat Tuesday: a giant blue whale that washed up onto its shores may explode. The massive mammal is one of nine endangered blue whales that is believed to have died in heavy ice off Canada\u0027s Atlantic coast…Educate yourself! Understand how a reverse mortgage works. Learn more now.She was just 17, a charter school graduate. But little Gakirah Barnes was also purported to have killed two in tit-for-tat violence now being celebrated by the recording industry.A tornado swept through tiny Kimberly, Ala., Monday night destroying a fire station and causing heavy damage to a church that had served as a refuge from the storm. (Holly Bailey/Yahoo News) See RELATED STORY by Holly Bailey/Yahoo News Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and…MILAN (AP) — An Italian court that convicted Amanda Knox in her roommate\u0027s 2007 murder said in lengthy reasoning made public Tuesday that the victim\u0027s wounds indicate multiple aggressors, and that the two exchange students fought over money on the night of the murder.NEW YORK (AP) — \"Star Wars: Episode VII\" finally has its stars. May the Force be with them.The jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant announced it had executed seven prisoners in its bastion in northeastern Syria on Tuesday, two of them by crucifixion. ISIL, which has been disavowed even by Al-Qaeda, said it held the seven responsible for a grenade attack on one of its fighters…DEAR ABBY: My husband and I have been married for three years and have two beautiful children. Shortly before our first child was born, my in-laws bought a new camera. They bring it along to every visit and constantly take pictures of all of us. Neither my husband nor I likes having our pictures…Get going with Priceline! Priceline has over 300,000 hotels available with the best price guaranteed. Book a 4-star hotel for a 2-star price today!NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey woman has admitted killing her neighbor\u0027s small dog by throwing it into traffic during an argument over a parking space.By Peg McEntee PROVO, Utah (Reuters) - A Utah mother accused of killing six of her newborn infants over a decade and stashing their bodies in a garage was charged on Monday with murder in their deaths. Megan Huntsman, 39, made a brief court appearance in Provo, Utah, as the first-degree murder…The secretary of state claimed in a private meeting that the U.S. intelligence community has recordings of pro-Russian forces being managed by government handlers in Moscow.By Scott Malone and Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - The National Basketball Association banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling from the game for life on Tuesday and fined him $2.5 million for racist comments that drew outrage from players, fans, commercial sponsors and even President…By Kathryn Doyle NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Women who are often sleepy during the day tend to have underlying conditions that raise their risk of heart attack and stroke, according to a large new study. Based on data for more than 84,000 U.S. women, researchers linked daytime sleepiness to a more…An Oregon-based winery has turned their bottled wine product into a multi-million dollar empire, but the sharks of ABC\u0027s hit pitch show \"Shark Tank\" remember it as the one that got away.DEAR ABBY: Child abuse is epidemic in the United States. It occurs at every socioeconomic level, across ethnic and cultural levels, within all religions and at all levels of education. Every year, more than 3 million reports of child abuse are made in the U.S. Without intervention, about 30 percent…Deputy US Treasury Secretary Sarah Bloom Raskin sounded the alarm Tuesday on student loans in the US, where the number of people defaulting is on the rise. At least 40 million people have taken out a student loan, Raskin said, and by the time students graduate, the average amount of loans is…2 of 6 FedEx workers are in critical condition after a shooter opened fire in Kennesaw, Georgia before killing himself.NEW YORK (AP) — Chipotle\u0027s coming price hikes could hit steak lovers particularly hard.PHOENIX (AP) — A judge ruled Tuesday that a pit bull that mauled a 4-year-old boy earlier this year will spend the rest of its life in an animal shelter set up in an old jail by the sheriff for metropolitan Phoenix.Russia\u0027s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov rejects U.S and European Union sanctions on Russia and slams U.S embargo against Cuba while on official visit to the island. Mana Rabiee reports.Tue, Apr 29","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedPoll: Most young voters to sit out midtermsColorado Symphony to play \u0027cannabis-friendly\u0027 concertsOklahoma inmate dies after execution is botchedMalaysia assessing possible plane wreckage claimCanada fishing community fears exploding whaleReverse Mortgage: How it Works (Age 62 Plus)Chicago’s Gun-Toting Gang GirlStorm Damage in Central Alabama (7 photos)Italy court: Knox, Kercher fought on day of murder\u0027Star Wars: Episode VII\u0027 cast unveiledJihadists execute seven in Syria, two by crucifixionPHOTO-HAPPY GRANDPARENTS NEED TO CHANGE THEIR VIEWDo You See Yourself Here?Woman admits tossing dog into traffic over disputeUtah mother charged with murder in deaths of six newbornsU.S. Taped Moscow Plotting ChaosNBA bans Los Angeles Clippers owner for life over racist commentsDaytime dozing may signal heart disease riskThe Million Dollar Product That Got Away From \u0027Shark Tank\u0027HELP TO CURB CHILD ABUSE BY LEARNING ITS SYMPTOMSUS Treasury sounds alarm over student loansFEDEX SHOOTER WAS ARMED LIKE \u0027RAMBO\u0027Chipotle\u0027s price hike to hit steak lovers harderDog that mauled boy to live in sheriff\u0027s shelterRussian foreign minister \"rejects\" U.S., EU sanctions over UkraineComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":42,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
