{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"China\u0027s recent test of a hypersonic vehicle should not unduly alarm the United States or any other nation, Chinese military officials say. The test of China\u0027s new \"hypersonic glide vehicle,\" which apparently took place Jan. 9, was not designed to advance the nation\u0027s ability to penetrate American…Many people shop at Costco because they want good value on the more than 3,700 items in stock. Yet few people know just how Costco is able to give its customers such quality and value, or what makes Costco different from other wholesale companies. We spoke with regular Costco shoppers -- or…Missing 28-year-old. Last seen in Oakland January 1 at 4:30pm with red sneakers. Brown hair, eyes. Code tattoo. Call 415-999-5911 with any info.NEW YORK (AP) — A week before his big night at the Grammy Awards, Pharrell is happy — and speechless — over his Oscar nomination.Colorado Springs Airport is now providing boxes for travelers to dump their marijuana before boarding flights out of state.WASHINGTON (AP) — The House on Thursday backed a bill that would require the Obama administration to report weekly on how many Americans have signed up for health care coverage as Republicans maintain an election-year spotlight on the troubled law.SHARON, Mass. (AP) — Hundreds of people, including New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, attended the funeral Tuesday of a Massachusetts teenager whose battle with a rare genetic condition that accelerates the aging process inspired professional athletes and spurred medical research.Kathryn Schreiber says she\u0027s addicted to something most people would praise her for: exercise. She’s been known to hit the gym obsessively. Two hours before work. An hour at lunch. Another hour after work. Kathryn is an exercise addict. But rather than make her happy, she sees her need to work out…Japanese space scientists are set to trial a tether they hope will help pull junk out of orbit around Earth, clearing up tonnes of planetary clutter, they said Thursday. Researchers at The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) have developed what they called an electrodynamic tether made from…NEWSMOVIE: Kim Jong-Un\u0027s uncle may have been executed for his taste in young women and sharing his taste with the late Kim Jong-Il, according to a former chef for the deceased North Korean leader.By Laila Kearney SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Firefighters responding to an Asiana Airlines plane that crash-landed in San Francisco in July were warned about the presence of a teenage passenger who was later fatally struck by an emergency vehicle, new video footage of the aftermath shows. Ye…DETROIT (AP) — A judge overseeing Detroit\u0027s bankruptcy again rejected a deal Thursday to end a crippling financial agreement with major banks, dealing a blow to officials who want to put the issue behind them as they work on a broader plan to get the city out of Chapter 9 in the largest public…Retirement is a new phase of life, and, for many, a chance to consider new surroundings. Here is our new list of top U.S. cities for retirement. Data we sifted included housing and living costs, taxes, weather and air quality, crime rates, doctor availability, and active-lifestyle rankings for…Britain\u0027s military cuts mean it will no longer be a full partner alongside United States forces, former US defence secretary Robert Gates said Thursday. Gates, who served under US presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, said Britain no longer had the complete spectrum of capabilities, meaning…The question of whether or not connected eyewear such as Google Glass is safe to wear while driving is one that has been debated at length, but one California woman is about to square off with a judge on the matter. Reuters reports that technology entrepreneur Cecilia Abadie is headed to court on…Take Netflix anywhere you go. Unlimited streaming from your favorite device for only $7.99/month.The challenge mirrors what someone can get through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, the federal program that helps low-income people buy groceries. They would then receive up to $632 a month in SNAP benefits, which equates to about $5.25 a day per person for food.The number of Americans who believe global warming isn\u0027t happening has risen to 23 percent, up 7 percentage points since April 2013. The proportion of people who do believe in climate change has been steady since April 2013, but the proportion of those who say they \"don\u0027t know\" whether climate…Some of the rarest tortoises in the world are a hot commodity on the black market for their unique golden shells which can sell for tens of thousands of dollars. In an effort to obstruct poachers, conservationists have made the bold move to carve into...Americans hoping to make the World Cup squad will have a crucial showcase match at Ukraine on March 5 to show what they can do, US coach Jurgen Klinsmann announced Thursday. \"Ukraine is a very talented team and was very unfortunate not to qualify for the World Cup,\" Klinsmann said. Ukraine,…January, February and March: This is the ideal time to begin researching and applying for scholarships. Many scholarships run in accordance with the academic calendar, so springtime is blooming with freshly opened scholarship applications preparing to pay out to deserving recipients in the fall. …One key benchmark in making that call - psychosomatic symptoms, says Madeline Levine, psychologist and author of \"Teach Your Children Well: Parenting for Authentic Success.\" If a child is experiencing headaches or stomachaches, trouble sleeping or becoming teary, these are all signs that a kid is…Thu, Jan 16","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedGov\u0027t shares data breach tricks with retailersSenate easily passes $1.1 trillion spending billSuspicious resident tipped police to Calif. wildfire suspectsChina Launches Hypersonic Missile Test, Downplays Fears7 Things You Need to Know About CostcoMissing Person: Have You Seen Luke Arduini?Oh \u0027Happy\u0027 day: Pharrell speechless over Oscar nodGot pot but need to fly? Colorado airport has the answerHouse passes bill requiring health care numbersFuneral held for Mass. teen who had aging disorderExercise Addicts: Pushing Ourselves Too Far?Japan scientists test tether to clear up space junkNEW EXECUTION THEORYAsiana crash aftermath video shows firefighters warned about teenDetroit bankruptcy judge rejects deal with banksThe best places to retire in 2014 (12 photos)British cuts limiting military partnership with US: GatesWoman in California stands trial for wearing Google Glass while drivingStream TV Shows and Movies Anywhere Any Time7 Foods to Buy When You\u0027re BrokeClimate Change Disbelief Rises in AmericaFind Out Why Endangered Tortoises Are Being DefacedUS book key World Cup tuneup against UkraineFollow a Scholarship Application Calendar in 2014How to Tell if Your Kid Is In TroubleComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":10,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
