{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.NEW YORK (AP) — Coca-Cola says it will drop a controversial ingredient from all its drinks that contain it, not just Powerade.RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A teenager charged in the killing of an 8-year-old boy and the assault of the boy\u0027s sister carried the bloodied girl home and blamed someone else for the attack, the siblings\u0027 mother said Monday.The retinol cream that stands the test of time. Discover why dermatologists recommend this wrinkle product more than cosmetic injections.More than 60 pounds of gold were recovered from an infamous 157-year-old shipwreck 160 miles off the coast of South Carolina last month, and the deep-sea exploration company that retrieved it says there is plenty more down there.At least 22 people — including families trapped in a flooded cabin — drowned when a yacht and a dinghy crammed with migrants trying to slip into Greece capsized Monday in the eastern Aegean Sea, authorities said. Rescue teams led a search for up to seven more people missing, in what was one of the…While fishing in the Gulf of Mexico, shrimpers pulled up a rare and horrifying creature: a goblin shark. This is only the second goblin shark to ever be found in the Gulf of Mexico. The shark is estimated to be 18 feet long, but an exact measurement was not taken by fisherman Carl Moore: \"I didn\u0027t…DEAR ABBY: For the last few years my family has rented the same beach condo. My friend \"John\" and his family have joined us there on many occasions. When I asked him his vacation plans for this year, he informed me last night that he has rented the beach condo for the same weeks we have…CANON CITY, Colo. (AP) — A man charged with sexually assaulting a teenage girl and killing her mother, brother and sister in Colorado bound and gagged the victims with socks and packing tape, newly released court documents show.He will be fighting the ticket in court.See your estimated price range and payment so that you can start shopping for a homeMarcos Maidana didn\u0027t get the victory he had hoped for over Floyd Mayweather, but he did establish a blueprint for future challengers to try and upset boxing\u0027s pound-for-pound champ. The Argentine boxer gave Mayweather all he could handle late Saturday at the MGM Hotel, turning their world title…Speaker of the House John Boehner has ordered the establishment of a new special committee to investigate the 2012 attacks on Americans in Benghazi — but some liberals don’t want any Democrats to take part in the hearings. “Member of Congress told me she will urge Nancy Pelosi to appoint NO…SYDNEY (AP) — An international panel of experts will re-examine all data gathered in the nearly two-month hunt for the missing Malaysia jet to ensure search crews who have been scouring a desolate patch of ocean for the plane have been looking in the right place, officials said Monday.RIALTO, Calif. (AP) — Whether the Holocaust happened is no longer up for debate at Southern California\u0027s Rialto Unified School District.NEW YORK (AP) — The Vatican official overseeing the crackdown on the largest umbrella group for U.S. nuns is pressing forward with the overhaul under Pope Francis.The Bundy Ranch saga may be over as a conservative talking point, thanks to Cliven Bundy\u0027s weird racist comments and even weirder and more racist attempt to defend those comments, but its memory lives on -- in the form of the armed militia that rose to his aid when the Bureau of Land Management…Whether you\u0027re overweight, suffer from sleep apnea or just snore more than normal, there\u0027s a simple, non-surgical solution that may change your life.Authorities are trying to determine what caused a support frame to collapse during an aerial hair-hanging stunt during a circus performance, sending eight acrobats crashing to the ground. Nine performers were seriously hurt during Sunday\u0027s performance by Ringling Bros. and Barnum and Bailey Circus…By Matt Robinson DONETSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - His mistake was to run from the advancing mob, and that was enough for the men and women carrying clubs, knives and swords through Donetsk\u0027s Lenin district. It was a brutal picture of the mob-rule that has descended upon this city in eastern Ukraine,…Canadian teenagers used Twitter to spread word of a massive house party at an empty mansion on Friday night – an all-out bash that ended with a police shutdown, broken windows and several students in handcuffs.Mile for mile, there are almost as many earthquakes rattling Oklahoma as California this year. This major increase in seismic shaking led to a rare earthquake warning today (May 5) from the U.S. Geological Survey and the Oklahoma Geological Survey. In a joint statement, the agencies said the risk…JERUSALEM (AP) — The reprimand of an Israeli soldier — who was caught on video cursing and pointing a cocked gun toward the head of a Palestinian teen — has triggered the biggest outpouring of frustration by Israeli soldiers in years about their service in the West Bank.New video of an air show crash at Travis Air Force Base in California.Virginia homeowners: don\u0027t overpay for your home insurance! Compare home insurance rates with our simple three-page form at FreeRateReport today.Mon, May 5","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedEgypt\u0027s el-Sissi: Muslim Brotherhood is overFAA: One plane\u0027s data glitch grounded all L.A.-area flightsCritics say shooting simulator creates bias on Texas grand juriesCoke to drop controversial ingredient entirelyVirginia mom recounts learning of son\u0027s deathAnti-Aging Creams of 2014More than 60 pounds of gold recovered from 157-year-old shipwreck off S.C. coastDeadly immigrant boat accident in Greece (7 photos)Rare, Ugly, and Terrifying Shark Found in the Florida KeysBEACH BULLY KICKS SAND IN FRIEND\u0027S VACATION PLANSGirl discloses details of Colorado triple slayingDriver gets ticket from police officer after trying to avoid potholeSee How Much You Qualify For TodayMaidana may have blueprint to beat MayweatherLiberals Beg Pelosi To Not Appoint Democrats To Benghazi CommitteeMalaysian plane\u0027s likely flight path gets 2nd look8th grade Holocaust assignment draws criticismCrackdown on US nuns continues under Pope FrancisThe Bundy Ranch Militia Is Wearing Out Its WelcomeWhy Snoring Can Kill - and How to Stop ItAcrobats injured in fall as circus stunt goes awry (9 photos)In eastern Ukraine, the mob rulesTeens Crash Mansion Party: See Their \u0027Amazing Night\u0027Rare Earthquake Warning Issued for OklahomaVideo of clash brings outcry from Israeli troopsAIR SHOW CRASHPaying Too Much for Home Insurance in Virginia?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":34,"second":33},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
