{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A blast of Arctic air pushing south as far as Atlanta has caused air temperatures across the United States to plunge, creating a massive 140-degree Fahrenheit (77 degrees Celsius) temperature difference between the chilly Dakotas and balmy Florida yesterday (Jan. 5).Former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden has more secrets to reveal that relate to Israel, the journalist who first brought his leaks to the world\u0027s attention said on Monday. Among allegations aired by Snowden last year were that the U.S. National Security Agency and its British…Did you know public records are online for anyone to see? Search anyone now to view bankruptcies, marriage and divorce records, addresses, and more.Simply put, it’s cold out there, and people are doing some crazy things to keep warm.  Thanks to Twitter, you can find some of the funniest effects of the freezing weather that people shared from across the country. Some people posted a few of their...By Susan Cornwell and Doina Chiacu WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Ron Johnson filed a lawsuit on Monday challenging the way President Barack Obama\u0027s healthcare law is being applied to Congress, part of a larger Republican strategy to draw attention to what they see as critical flaws in…For over 40 years, miners have been extracting sulfur from the crater of Kawah Ijen in Indonesia . To double their meager income, the hardiest of these men work nights, by the electric blue light of the sulfuric acid exhaled by the volcano. (Photographs by Olivier Grunewald) As the light of day…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a 28-year-old woman with a fantastic job, a wonderful boyfriend and many friends whom I love dearly. Shipping and handling are included in the price.The growing campaign for legalizing marijuana has a new, unlikely supporter: the conservative National Review.KAPALUA, Hawaii (AP) — Webb Simpson might have pulled out of the Tournament of Champions to be with his caddie if he were not on an island in the middle of the Pacific.VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis offered another gesture to Catholics who are estranged from the church, saying Monday he respects them but that God is waiting for them.It was a Navy SEALs mission gone terribly wrong. One evening in June 2005, four Navy SEALs were sent on a mission to track down Taliban leader Ahmad Shah. As they moved up a mountain in Afghanistan, they were surprised by 3 goat herders. The...A new deal sets the stage for the rise of the Boeing 777…and spells the end of four-engined planes flying overseas. But that’s quite all right.US President Barack Obama arrived back in chilly Washington on Sunday after a 16-day holiday in his native Hawaii, but his wife Michelle was not with him. Obama swapped the sun-dappled golf courses of tropical Hawaii for a Washington in the grip of an Arctic cold snap this weekend, and faces a…A 224-foot-tall Falcon 9 rocket, carrying a THAICOM 6 telecommunications satellite, blasted off from SpaceX\u0027s Launch Complex 40 in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).LONDON (AP) — Waves up to 27 feet (8.2 meters) high slammed into Britain\u0027s southwestern coast on Monday, as lashing winds and heavy rain battered parts of the U.K. and coastal residents braced for another round of flooding.Play over 40 games designed by neuroscientists at Lumosity.com, the personal trainer for your brain.Meet Peeps, a duck that hatched from a batch of eggs. Several things make Peeps different from his duckling counterparts. For one, the man who cared for the eggs Peeps came from was initially attempting to hatch chickens. For another, Peeps did not have any other ducks to socialize with. That man…ATLANTA (AP) — A federal judge on Monday sentenced a man who pleaded guilty to slapping a crying toddler on an Atlanta-bound flight to serve eight months in federal prison.A US team in Egypt has identified the tomb of pharaoh Sobekhotep I, believed to be the founder of the 13th dynasty 3,800 years ago, the antiquities minister said Monday. The team from the University of Pennsylvania had discovered the quartzite sarcophagus of Sobekhotep I, which weighed about 60…By Nick Carey and Kim Palmer CHICAGO/CLEVELAND, Ohio (Reuters) - A blast of Arctic air gripped the vast middle of the United States on Monday, bringing the coldest temperatures felt in two decades, causing at least four deaths, forcing businesses and schools to close and canceling thousands of…Lethal temperatures in Minnesota. A frost warning for the Everglades. The North Pole is moving south thanks to climate change.LONDON (AP) — Arsenal winger Theo Walcott will miss the World Cup for England after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, an injury that also deals a setback to his club\u0027s hopes of winning the Premier League.Mon, Jan 6","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedSnowden contact teases more secretsAmerica, or Antarctica? Voices from the \u0027polar vortex\u0027What do you want to know about Guantanamo Bay?\u0027Polar Vortex\u0027 Creates Huge Temperature Difference Across USSnowden has more U.S.-Israel secrets to expose: GreenwaldPublic Records Posted Online9 Hilarious Things People Tweeted About the Record-Breaking ColdU.S. senator sues over healthcare subsidy for CongressThe Mystery of the Blue Flames - Kawah Ijen Volcano, Indonesia (23 photos)Single Woman Is Losing Touch With Friends Who Have KidsLegalizing marijuana in U.S. gets an unlikely supporterSimpson, with heavy heart, in 3-way tie for leadPope reaches out to \u0027indifferent\u0027 CatholicsMark Wahlberg: Making \u0027Lone Survivor\u0027 Had a \u0027Huge Impact on Me\u0027RIP, 747: Two Engines Are EnoughObama flies back to Washington - without MichelleSpaceX\u0027s Falcon 9 rocket launches in FloridaMonster waves slam into UK after US stormLumosity Brain Training GamesMan Raises Duckling in His BeardMan in toddler-slapping plane case gets 8 monthsAmerican diggers identify tomb of Egypt pharaoh\u0027Polar\u0027 freeze grips United States, disrupting travel, businessGlobal Warming Is Freezing YouWalcott to miss World Cup following knee injuryComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":38,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
