{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"This question came up during Part 2 of Fox News host Bill O’Reilly’s interview of the president, broadcast Monday night on \"The O’Reilly Factor.\" Mr. O’Reilly wondered why Mr. Obama did not address the fact that 72 percent of African-American children are born out of wedlock, greatly increasing…NEW YORK (AP) — He was only 46, busy as ever and secure in his standing as one of the world\u0027s greatest actors.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.DEAR ABBY: My husband and I live in a 55-plus retirement community. We do many things together, but we also do things independently. One resident decided to form two men\u0027s clubs. One meets every week for breakfast, and the other twice a month at night. The members go to each other\u0027s homes for the…With the eyes of the world about to turn to the Winter Olympics in Sochi, a human rights group has released a new, disturbing video highlighting violence against gay, lesbian, transgender and bisexual people under Russia\u0027s anti-gay laws.PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The Trader Joe\u0027s grocery-store chain has dropped a plan to open a new store in the heart of the city\u0027s historically African-American neighborhood after activists said the development would price black residents out of the area.Flickr photographers braved the cold and snow in the northern hemisphere over the last few weeks to seek these stunning shots of the aurora borealis. Norway’s official travel and tourism bureau says February offers one of the best aurora borealis viewing opportunities, especially above the Arctic…Throughout the years, many advances in technology have made life easier. Look at everything you can accomplish from that device in your hand that used to only make phone calls? A tag on our windshield allows us to breeze through toll lanes. You can now completely shop during the holidays without…By Carey Gillam KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Reuters) - An unusually heavy winter storm marched across the nation\u0027s mid-section, heading east on Tuesday, threatening roughly two-thirds of the country with what forecasters said could be up to a foot of snow. The storm system forced the closing of many…Officially, national signing day allows high school football players to start signing a letter of intent with the college of their choice.PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A 19-year-old Oregon woman who drove an SUV into a leaf pile, accidentally killing two young girls playing in it, has been taken into federal custody and may face deportation.A new photo from NASA\u0027s Curiosity rover shows the car-sized robot at the lip of a small Martian sand dune, debating whether or not to drive over the obstacle on its way to a huge Red Planet mountain. In the Mars views from Curiosity, a 3-foot-high (1 meter) dune separates the rover from a valley…The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a regular series that magnifies individual data points in hopes of providing students and parents a way to find which undergraduate or graduate programs excel or have room to grow in specific areas. That\u0027s compared to an average of…By Alina Selyukh WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retailers speaking to a U.S. Senate panel on Tuesday bemoaned the sophistication of hackers and urged better collaboration with banks on anti-theft technology. In a relatively collegial hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, executives of…As a geeky-looking teenager, he started in a garage and created the world\u0027s biggest software company. Bill Gates is now back in a hands-on role at Microsoft, the company he co-founded in 1975, which has been losing ground against rivals in the new tech landscape. In a shake-up announced Tuesday,…If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by as much as $4,905 a year. Here is how it works.It`s a story that almost defies belief: A man leaves Mexico in December 2012 for a day of shark fishing and ends up surviving 13 months on fish, birds and turtles before washing ashore on the remote Marshall Islands thousands of miles (kilometers) away.The Geneva Motor Show (March 6-16) is just weeks away, but like a young child on Christmas Eve, Ferrari can\u0027t seem to wait. The original California, launched in 2008, was the first V8-powered Ferrari in history to have a front-mounted engine and was also the first to feature a seven-speed, dual…1. Using the wrong real estate agent. Just because your sister\u0027s college roommate\u0027s friend just got a real estate license doesn\u0027t mean she\u0027s the right agent for you. San Francisco real estate agent Herman Chan suggests vetting agents and looking for someone who does real estate full time and…Today, we look at an amendment that is seemingly in the news daily: the Fourth Amendment, which protects people from unreasonable searches and seizures.AMSTERDAM (AP) — Shortly before Anne Frank and her family went into hiding from the Nazis, she gave some of her toys to a non-Jewish girlfriend who lived in the building next door.TORONTO — Archaeologists working near the ancient settlement of Edfu, in southern Egypt, have uncovered a step pyramid that dates back about 4,600 years, predating the Great Pyramid of Giza by at least a few decades. Over time, the step pyramid\u0027s stone blocks were pillaged, and the monument was…Tue, Feb 4","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Study warns of worldwide cancer surgeWeather service: Storm to hit two-thirds of U.S.Video spotlights anti-gay violence in RussiaBill O\u0027Reilly vs. Obama, Part 2: Is Fox News unfair to president?Philip Seymour Hoffman leaves extraordinary legacyCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Wives Banished From Men\u0027s Club Should Start Their OwnOn eve of Sochi Olympics, group releases video showing gay men attacked in RussiaTrader Joe\u0027s drops black-neighborhood store planAurora borealis photos flaunt nature\u0027s stunning green, aqua, red and turquoise skies (13 photos)How US Ketchup Packets Could Learn a Thing or Two from Australia\u0027sStorm slams Plains, Northeast braces for more snow5 Things to Know: College Football Signing DayImmigration detention for teen in leaf-pile deathsMars Rover Curiosity Poised at Edge of Red Planet Dune (Photo)10 Most Expensive Public Schools for In-State StudentsU.S. retailers at Senate hearing: hackers have upper handBill Gates: from teen geek to world\u0027s richest manHomeowners Get a Bailout This YearCastaway: Man Stranded At Sea For 13-Months?Ferrari to raise the roof on new California this month7 Homebuying Mistakes to AvoidFourth Amendment: Unreasonable Search and SeizureMarbles that were Anne Frank\u0027s to go on display4,600-Year-Old Step Pyramid Uncovered in EgyptComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":44,"second":17},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
