{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Waving away security guards, Mr. Obama turned and addressed Mr. Hong, himself undocumented. \"We\u0027ve got this Constitution, we\u0027ve got this whole thing about separation of powers,\" Obama continued. Obama, a former constitutional law professor, was once skeptical of the aggressive use of presidential…MURRIETA, Calif. (AP) — Paul Cortez can remember the night 31 years ago as clearly as if it was last week. He had walked into the pediatric intensive care unit of Riverside County Regional Medical Center to find his 7-year-old son, Mikey, barely clinging to life.Consumers can now get rid of high interest rates and get 0% APR for 18 months. Compare these leading 2013 credit card offers and find your best offer.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was under fire Sunday from religious lawmakers following a report that his son was dating a non-Jewish woman, media said. Norwegian newspaper Dagen reported that Yair Netanyahu, 23, was dating 25-year-old Norwegian Sandra Leikanger, currently studying in…BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) — If there is a lesson to take away from attending Jay Z\u0027s super-exclusive pre-Grammy party, it\u0027s simple — don\u0027t come late.Someone armed with a gun opened fire at a busy shopping mall in suburban Baltimore on Saturday. Three people died, including the person believed to be the shooter, police said.Police have identified the gunman in the Maryland mall shooting as a 19 year old from suburban Washington. Howard County…DEAR ABBY: When parents who live many miles away from their adult children visit their homes, to what extent should they be treated as \"guests\"? When we visit our son, our daughter-in-law gets herself a snack and then sits down to eat it and watch TV, and there we sit. She never offers us a thing.…Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino hailed compatriot Lionel Messi\u0027s passing ability after the Catalans moved back to the top of La Liga with a 3-0 win over Malaga at the Camp Nou on Sunday. Messi\u0027s run without a goal on league duty stretched to eight games dating back to September, but after Gerard…FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A very public battle over the fate of a brain-dead, pregnant Texas woman and her fetus has ended quietly and privately, as she has been taken off life support and her family prepares for her burial.LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unofficial theme for the Recording Academy\u0027s laughter-filled Special Merit Awards ceremony could easily have been old friends.Police: Man says he was beaten unconscious after car got stuck in snow at NJ business        The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Louisiana filed a lawsuit this week against a public school district in rural western Louisiana contending that school officials and at least one teacher harassed a Buddhist sixth-grade student for not adhering to Christianity. The ACLU filed the…Three Chinese ships on Sunday patrolled the James Shoal, an area also claimed by Malaysia, and soldiers and officers on board swore to safeguard its sovereignty, in the latest sign of Beijing\u0027s territorial assertiveness in the South China Sea. The group was made up of an amphibious landing craft,…Samsung said Monday it had signed a long-term cross-licence deal with Google in a move to help the South Korean technology firm stave off potential patent disputes in the future. The move comes as the South Korean firm is engaged in a series of long-running copyright infringement rows with Apple…On Sunday, a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate once again tried to to turn the tables on the Democrats\u0027 contention that the Republicans are waging a \"war on women.\" And once again, he showed just how hard it is for Republicans to fight back against the claim without hurting…If you are a frequent flyer or you travel a lot, an airline or travel credit card can help save you money. Reach your dream destinations sooner.By Andrew M. Seaman NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - In large families, young kids can\u0027t always get a lot of individual attention from parents - but healthy interactions with an older sibling might help compensate for that, a new study suggests. How older children interact with their siblings is tied…AROMAS, Calif. (AP) — In January, business at the 101 Livestock Market\u0027s cattle auction on California\u0027s Central Coast is usually slow. The busy season is normally in June or July, when ranchers have had time to fatten their animals for weeks on spring grasses.The best news photos of the day for January 26, 2014. An ethnic Karen man smokes in Yathae Pyan cave in Pa-An township, Karen state, an Indian policeman blows warm air onto his hand as he takes part in a parade to celebrate Republic Day on a cold winter day in Srinagar, Pope Francis, joined by two…CHICAGO (AP) — Another winter day, another below-zero high temperature for many parts of the Midwest — at least, it seems that way. The deep chill has returned, bringing with it wind chills ranging from the negative teens to 40s, school cancellations and sighs of resignation from residents who are…Last ride? Broncos\u0027 Peyton Manning has no plans to retire _ even if he wins another Super Bowl        Japan reports record trade deficit of $14.4 billion in 2013 as imports outpace rise in exports        Mon, Jan 27","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedU.S. forces launch missile strike against Shebab leader in SomaliaDaft Punk, Pharrell win big at GrammysMd. mall gunman was avid skater, no criminal pastIs Barack Obama an imperial president?Family promise gave life to man in 31-year comaCredit Cards Are Now Offering 0% APR Through 2015Israel PM under fire over son\u0027s Norwegian girlfriendJay Z\u0027s Roc Nation holds court at private mansionMaryland mall shooting (30 photos)Couple Is Short On Hospitality When Parents Are The GuestsMessi\u0027s creativity as important as goals, coach Martino saysBrain-dead Texas woman taken off life supportBeatles, Kristofferson honored for life\u0027s workPolice: Man Attacked After Car Gets Stuck in SnowACLU alleges comically unconstitutional religious harassment in rural Louisiana schoolChinese ships patrol area contested by MalaysiaSamsung, Google sign patent-sharing dealWhy is Rand Paul going after Bill Clinton?Top Airline and Travel Credit Card Offers of 2014Sibling relationships tied to children\u0027s vocabulary skillsCalifornia drought has ranchers selling cattlePhotos of the day - January 26, 2014 (30 photos)Persistent below-zero temps visit Midwest againBroncos\u0027 Manning May Keep Going Even With SB WinJapan Reports Record Trade Deficit of $14.4 Billion in 2013 as Imports Outpace Rise in ExportsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":25,"second":2},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
