{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Send me a link:*Only U.S. numbers are accepted. Text messaging rates may apply.Please enter a valid phone number.Please enter your Phone Number.Thanks! A link has been sent.By Greg Torode and Michael Martina HONG KONG/BEIJING (Reuters) - When Chinese naval supply vessel Qiandaohu entered Australia\u0027s Albany Port this month to replenish Chinese warships helping search for a missing Malaysian airliner, it highlighted a strategic headache for Beijing - its lack of…Retiree Byron Smith Allegedly Told Police, \u0027I Wanted Him Dead\u0027Did you know that your record is online and anyone can see it? Search through millions of public records and see what you can find.DEAR ABBY: I manage a group of 15 employees. A few months ago, I hired the wife of an old friend. Until now she has been a great employee, but recently she and a male co-worker have been taking lunches and breaks together in a way that leads me to believe they are flirting or have already crossed…By Doina Chiacu and Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States\u0027 government said on Monday it will decide \"in days\" on additional sanctions if Russia does not take steps to implement an agreement to ease tensions in Ukraine reached in Geneva last week. The steps include publicly…WASHINGTON (AP) — Some student loan borrowers who had a parent or grandparent co-sign the note are finding that they must immediately pay the loan in full if the relative dies.Israel is to start sending call-up papers to all Christian Arabs of military service age, the army said Tuesday, angering Arab lawmakers who accused the government of seeking to divide Christians from Muslims. Military service will remain voluntary for Israel\u0027s 130,000 Christian Arabs as it is for…Home to the only legal supply of research-grade cannabis, the National Institute on Drug Abuse has the power to shape the future of medical marijuana. Why it isn’t.Pistorius Has Cried and Vomited During His Murder TrialIf you make less than $80,000 a year, you may qualify for a grant or financial aid that can help qualified students return to school. See degrees now.Yosemite National Park is best known for its spectacular granite cliffs, waterfalls, clear streams, giant sequoia groves and biological diversity. Almost 95 percent of the park is designated wilderness, which is defined by the Wilderness Act of 1964 as, \"an area where the earth and its community of…A teenage boy who stowed away on a flight from California to Hawaii in the frozen, oxygen-deprived wheel well of a passenger jet remained hospitalized on Tuesday, two days after his death-defying jaunt over the Pacific Ocean, a Hawaii official said. The teenager, whose name has not been released,…Jacob Kroko, 23, found an envelope with $1000 in cash laying next to his car in a Walmart parking lot in Fredericksburg, Virginia.An Olympia School District (OSD) bus driver in Washington state has been placed on leave after surveillance video caught him bullying a special needs student.Ever have a hankering to steal a submarine — maybe a sunken Soviet model loaded with nuclear warheads — but you just weren\u0027t sure how to do it? After a Soviet Golf II submarine carrying four-megaton nuclear warheads and a crew of 70 sank in the Pacific Ocean in 1968, the Soviet Navy failed to…NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The townsfolk believed the mosque was safe. They crammed inside as rebel forces in South Sudan took control of the town from government troops. But it wasn\u0027t safe. Robbers grabbed their cash and mobile phones. Then gunmen came and opened fire on everyone, young and old.Discover a safe, natural muscle builder that is helping men of all ages get back in shape fast. Try this brand new supplement and build muscle.Christine Baranski on shooting the heartbreaking ‘Good Wife’ scene that left her sobbing—and then getting drunk and having a big laugh after his funeral.At an emotional hearing where cyclists demanded justice, Wendy Villegas was sentenced Tuesday to three years, eight months in prison for fatally striking 22-year-old cyclist Luis \"Andy\" Garcia in September 2013. Sara Welch reports from downtown Los Angeles for the KTLA 5 News at 1 on April 22, 2014.PROVO, Utah (AP) — Prosecutors have been granted more time to determine what charges to file against a Utah woman accused of killing six of her babies and storing their bodies in her garage.The 28-year-old mother doesn\u0027t plan on eating their salads or spinach again.Are you a creative person stuck in an unhappy relationship? Your preferred sleeping position may reveal the answers to these questions, and other secrets about your personality and relationship. In a survey, 1,000 people reported their preferred sleeping positions, and also gave information about…The tense East-West standoff in Ukraine could reach a new level of escalation: underwater. According to a report from the Russian newspaper Izvestia, the United States Navy\u0027s marine mammal unit will be deployed to the Black Sea this summer, where American dolphins and sea lions could find…Refinance to a 15 year fixed at 3.12/3.29% APR and pay off your mortgage in half the time. This simple program won\u0027t last long. Calculate payment.Tue, Apr 22","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Mobile App PromotionLatest Videos","h3":"FeaturedObama takes in mudslide\u0027s brutal aftermathIRS workers who owe back taxes awarded $1 million in bonusesOregon police: Man stalked women with \u0027moveable dungeon\u0027Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for ChinaMinnesota Man Accused of Murdering Teens Who Entered His HomeNew Site Grants Access to Anyone\u0027s Public RecordDON\u0027T MEDDLE IN OFFICE AFFAIR UNLESS IT INTERFERES WITH WORKU.S. says will act \u0027in days\u0027 if no Russian action in UkraineGrieving borrowers told to repay student loanIsrael to send call-up papers to Christian ArabsAre the Feds Hoarding Pot?Oscar Pistorius Denies He Took Acting Lessons Before Trial$5645 Grant to Return to School if You QualifyYosemite National Park (20 photos)Teen who stowed away on flight to Hawaii remains hospitalizedMan finds $1000 in a Walmart parking lotBus driver accused of bullying a special needs student and urging others to bully her as wellHow to Steal a Submarine: Call the CIA and Howard Hughes\u0027Piles and piles\u0027 of bodies in S. Sudan slaughterBrand New Muscle Builder Takes GNC by StormGood Wife’s Heartbreaking DeathDUI Hit-and-Run Driver Who Killed Cyclist SentencedWoman accused in babies\u0027 deaths appears in courtWoman finds bird leg in her bag of Dole spinachWhat Your Sleeping Style Reveals About Your RelationshipRussian and American Military Dolphins Might Face Off This SummerBetter Think Twice About Paying Off Your MortgageComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":15,"second":9},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
