{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"American testifies about safe house encounter with terror leader in spring of 2001.A reclusive Japanese American man thought to be the father of Bitcoin emerged from his Southern California home and denied any involvement with the digital currency, before leading reporters on a car chase leading to the headquarters of the Associated Press. Satoshi Nakamoto, a name known to legions of bitcoin traders, practitioners and boosters around the world, appeared to lose his anonymity on Thursday after Newsweek published a story that said Nakamoto lived in Temple City, California, just east of Los Angeles, and included a photograph. In the afternoon, Nakamoto stepped outside and told reporters he had nothing to do with bitcoin but was looking for someone who understood Japanese, to buy him a free lunch. According to a Los Angeles Times reporter, who followed his car, Nakamoto was driven to the Associated Press offices in downtown Los Angeles, where he again denied any involvement with bitcoin.Earlier this week, high school students were given a surprise gift — the dreaded essay portion of the Scholastic Aptitude Test would be going optional in spring 2016.The Russian president may be calculating, sources say, even miscalculating.Defeats effort to move prosecution of serious cases out of the chain of command.After years of speculation, the true identity of \"Satoshi Nakamoto,\" the mysterious person or group behind the Bitcoin revolution, appeared to have been revealed by Newsweek on Thursday. It turns out it is a Japanese-American model train enthusiast whose name is, indeed, Satoshi Nakamoto. A reporter tracked down the 64-year-old, a physicist, living under the name Dorian S. Nakamoto in a modest two-story house in suburban Los Angeles. Nakamoto did not admit to being behind the phenomenon that, since its 2009 launch, has been hailed as a financial revolution despite scandals over its use in the drugs trade and money-laundering.WASHINGTON (AP) — More than half the nation\u0027s public schools need to be repaired, renovated or modernized, a survey released Thursday found.The US Army\u0027s top prosecutor overseeing sexual assault cases has been suspended over allegations he groped a female lawyer working for him and tried to kiss her, officers said Thursday. The suspension of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Morse marks the latest embarrassing setback for the US military as it battles a sexual assault crisis that has sparked calls for a radical overhaul of its judicial system. No charges have been filed against Morse, who supervises the army\u0027s special victim prosecutors that handle sexual assault, domestic abuse and crimes against children cases. The alleged incident took place in 2011 in a hotel room at a sexual assault legal conference in Alexandria, Virginia, officials said, before Morse was named to his current job.ST. LOUIS (AP) — A southern Illinois retiree whose legal fight helped bring about an end to the state\u0027s last-in-the-nation ban on concealed carry has become among the state\u0027s first to get her permit to have a handgun in public.A weeping Oscar Pistorius shielded his ears as a witness in his murder trial on Thursday gave harrowing evidence about desperate attempts to save Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s life after she was shot. Rocking back and forth in the dock, Pistorius put his hands over his ears as neighbour and radiologist Johan Stipp recounted how he entered his house to find the distraught Paralympian bent over, attempting to resuscitate his girlfriend. Stipp noticed a wound on Steenkamp\u0027s right thigh, right upper arm, and \"blood and hair and what looked like brain tissue intermingled with that\" on top of the skull. Amid the scene of horror, Stipp said he quickly realised the 29-year-old model would not survive the injuries.Parliament will take steps to block the referendum and dismiss lawmakers behind it.CNN\u0027s prime-time host talks to Yahoo News about the situation on the ground in the Ukraine capital, his approach to storytelling, and the time he slipped into Burma with a fake press pass — and found his calling.FORT BRAGG, N.C. (AP) — An Army general accused of sexual assault is pleading guilty to three lesser charges, but maintains his innocence on five remaining counts.Expect lots of chatter about taxes, Russian expansionism and a spineless president, says Matt Bai.The United States is \"actively considering\" adding names of Russians involved in the incursion in Ukraine to the \"Magnitsky list\" of human rights offenders subject to visa bans and asset freezes, a U.S. State Department official said on Thursday. \"We are actively considering adding new names,\" Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Eric Rubin said at a House of Representatives committee hearing on the crisis in Ukraine. Under a 2012 U.S. law named after Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, who died in prison, the United States targeted Russian officials involved in human rights abuses with visa bans and asset freezes. The State Department placed 18 Russian individuals on a public list of those affected, and a handful of other senior officials are on a list that was not made public.TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — An 11th-century Indian statue owned by an Ohio art museum may have been stolen before the institution purchased it.The Moscow-backed government sets a referendum on the decision within 10 days.RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A U.S. Army general accused of sexual assault was set to plead guilty to three lesser charges Thursday in a move that his lawyer says will strengthen his position going into trial.One year after his election, Pope Francis is \"immensely popular among American Catholics,\" a survey said on Thursday, but there is no sign of a \"Francis effect\" inspiring more to attend Mass or do volunteer work. The Washington-based Pew Research Center said 85 percent of Catholics in the United States viewed the Argentine-born pontiff favorably, with 51 percent reporting a \"very favourable\" view of him, while only 4 percent expressed a negative opinion. Among Catholics, 68 percent thought he represented \"a major change for the better,\" a view shared by 51 percent of the non-Catholics responding to the poll in telephone interviews of 1,340 Americans from February 14 to 23. \"Nor has there been a statistically significant change in how often Catholics say they go to Mass.\" Forty percent of Catholics said they were now praying more often and 26 percent were \"more excited\" about their faith, but their frequency of going to confession or volunteering at church has not changed.Lawmakers hope Europe will follow the U.S. lead in upping the pressure on Vladimir Putin.Thu, Mar 6","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"FeaturedRecruit describes being quizzed by bin LadenMan revealed in report as bitcoin creator denies storyWhy the SAT had to changeRecruit describes being quizzed by bin LadenMan revealed in report as bitcoin creator denies storyWhy the SAT had to changeDespite the name calling, Putin is not crazySenate blocks military sexual assault billEnigmatic bitcoin creator Nakamoto\u0027s true identity revealedEstimate puts bill to repair old public schools at $200 billionArmy\u0027s top sex crimes prosecutor faces groping allegationVictim who fought Illinois concealed carry ban declares \u0027victory\u0027Pistorius weeps as witness recalls shooting scene horrorUkrainian leader declares Crimea referendum illegalSleepless in Kiev: Anderson Cooper talks shop from the UkraineGeneral admits guilt on 3 counts; denies assaultWhat you should hear at CPAC—but won’tState Dept. considers adding Russians to sanctions list over human right violationsMuseum\u0027s sculpture may be idol stolen in IndiaCrimea parliament votes to join RussiaGeneral to admit guilt on 3 counts; denies assaultPope very popular in U.S., but no \u0027Francis effect\u0027: pollCongress rushes to put in place Russia sanctionsComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":6,"second":19},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
