{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"An Iranian naval officer said a number of warships had been ordered to approach U.S. maritime borders as a response to the stationing of U.S. vessels in the Gulf, the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Saturday. \"Iran\u0027s military fleet is approaching the United States\u0027 maritime borders, and…By Sharon Begley and Julie Steenhuysen NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hundreds of people with HIV/AIDS in Louisiana trying to obtain coverage under President Barack Obama\u0027s healthcare reform are in danger of being thrown out of the insurance plan they selected in a dispute over federal subsidies and the…We insure over 2500 home care agencies nationwide, and provide the easiest application process in the industry. Start-up locations are welcome.China has accused the United States of undermining peace and development in the Asia-Pacific after a senior U.S. official said concern was mounting over China\u0027s claims in the South China Sea. \"These actions are not constructive\", Hong Lei, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, said in a statement…As the crowds came for the first day of the Chicago Auto Show, you found the usual; mini cars, big trucks, something for everyone, as you can tell.As you might imagine, it\u0027s getting a lot of attention.Morelia (Mexico) (AFP) - Vigilante militias that have fought a drug cartel in western Mexico for a year entered a key gang bastion on Saturday, manning checkpoints and helping federal forces find criminals. The civilian self-defense forces had their eye on Apatzingan for months, saying it was the…DEAR ABBY: My best friend, \"Kyra,\" has joined the drama department at our school. She has made a lot of theater friends now and hangs out with them every day after school. She used to meet me occasionally at my locker after school, but no longer does so. The only time I see her, she\u0027s with her…By Suzi Parker LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas (Reuters) - Abandoned cars littered roads in Little Rock on Saturday, after heavy snowfall the night before led motorists to leave their vehicles behind, police said. At the same time, residents of Pennsylvania were coping with the aftermath of wintry weather…There’s something about Bill Clinton that just drives Republicans nuts – a multitude of things, no doubt. \"What if that unsavory character is your husband?\" Paul asked.Majuro (Marshall Islands) (AFP) - El Salvadoran castaway Jose Salvador Alvarenga went to ground in the Marshall Islands Sunday, with phone calls blocked and escorts to and from his hotel room as he awaits medical clearance to travel home. Alvarenga, who washed up on remote Ebon Atoll in the…Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho insists that Manchester City should still be considered Premier League title favourites despite seeing his side top the table for the first time since September. Chelsea have signalled their title intentions in a potentially season-defining week, winning 1-0 at City…As Jay Leno departed late-night television Thursday, his previous “Tonight Show” replacement wasn’t ready to let the occasion pass without a jab.        When Chicago public schools closed for a snow day in late January, single mom Rhiannon Broschat was forced to choose between her special needs son and her part-time grocery store job. Broschat is just one of the untold millions of parents who would benefit from the Obama administration\u0027s…No. 3 Florida has all 5 starters in double figures, beats Alabama 78-69 for 15th straight win        Nutrion is also very important for the brain.Fierce winter weather delivers near white-out conditions across the Northwest.NEW YORK (AP) — Meryl Streep, Cate Blanchett, Ethan Hawke, Brian Dennehey, Amy Adams and Ellen Burstyn were among the stars who paid their respects Friday at a private funeral for Philip Seymour Hoffman that combined sadness and humor to honor an actor widely considered among the best of his…India\u0027s Maruti Suzuki said Saturday it had halted production of its iconic first small car, the Maruti 800, which revolutionised road transport for millions of Indians. \"We have stopped the M-800 (Maruti 800) production,\" C.V. Raman, executive director of Maruti Suzuki told reporters at India\u0027s…Their acts of kindness and selflessness often go overlooked by students, parents, and even their peers. Every once in a while, someone will organize an unexpected show of gratitude that leaves a teacher crying tears of happiness. Alison Corbett, an English teacher in Denver, was the recipient of…Pope OKs martyr honors for 124 Koreans, making it likely he will visit South Korea in August        Ethnic Yi women travel to a dragon worship ceremony in Shiping county, China. The dragon worship ceremony is held every 12 years to pray for good fortune and harvest. (REUTERS/Wong Campion)Sun, Feb 9","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Report: Iran warships headed to U.S.Massive Ga. blaze is contained but still burningU.N. aid convoy struck in Syria\u0027s besieged HomsIran says warships sailing towards U.S.: agencyExclusive: AIDS patients in Obamacare limbo as insurers reject checksHome Health Liability Insurance - Easy to Apply!China decries U.S. comments on South China Sea as \u0027not constructive\u00272014 Chicago Auto Show kicks off in ChicagoWoman posts photo of her breastfeeding puppy, says it was to save its lifeVigilantes enter Mexican drug cartel\u0027s key bastionGirl Who Takes To The Stage Leaves Friend In The WingsRoads resemble parking lots after snowfall in Little Rock, ArkWhy does Rand Paul keep bringing up Monica Lewinsky?Castaway goes to ground awaiting medical all-clearChelsea top, but Mourinho still wary of Man CityConan O’Brien Wins Late-Night TV With Jay Leno JabThis Woman Lost Her Job Because Her Kid Got Sick—and She\u0027s Not AloneNo. 3 Florida Tops Alabama 78-69 for 15th StraightNutrion Is Key For The Body.Pacific Northwest Braces for Icy BlastHoffman\u0027s NYC funeral attracts Hollywood starsMaruti halts Indian car that led to road revolution6 Awesome Acts of Teacher Appreciation You Wish You\u0027d Thought UpPope to South Korea More Likely, to Honor MartyrsThe week\u0027s best photojournalismComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":46,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
