{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Boy, 14, Dies Tackling Suicide Bomber Entering His SchoolDEAR ABBY: My husband and I are a young couple, married almost two years. He recently told me he isn\u0027t happy with me anymore and that he may want to leave. He won\u0027t tell me why. He says he doesn\u0027t know why. It was a complete shock to me. He refuses to seek marriage counseling and has dealt with a…Dr Oz reveals the \"odd\" fruit he says will melt off at least 28 Lbs of fat in 1 month without díet/exercise. For Men \u0026 Women. Featured on Oprah.ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Walter White\u0027s lawyer is returning to Albuquerque.The second step to racking more zzz\u0027s is to perfect your sleep hygiene. Here\u0027s the advice of Eric Olson, co-director of the Center for Sleep Medicine at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester Minn., and Harneet Walia, a doctor in the Cleveland Clinic\u0027s Sleep Disorders Center:Learn about Hendrik Helmer, a man who had a 2cm (.79in) cockroach removed from his ear.NEW DELHI (AP) — India\u0027s government said Saturday that there was no standoff with the United States over the arrest and strip search of an Indian diplomat in New York, as both countries appear eager to defuse the monthlong dispute.A fire that raged for nearly 10 hours Saturday razed an ancient Tibetan town in southwest China that\u0027s popular with tourists, burning down hundreds of buildings as fire engines were unable to get onto the narrow streets, state media and witnesses said. There was no immediate report of…Orbital Sciences Corporation\u0027s unmanned Cygnus spaceship is on track to berth with the International Space Station early Sunday, marking its second trip to the research outpost, the company said. Once Cygnus approaches 30 feet (nine meters) from the orbiting lab, the space station\u0027s robotic arm…MILAN (AP) — Italian fashion house Versace showed a cowboy-themed menswear collection for fall 2014 on Saturday that was outrageously fun, even by Versace standards.MILAN (AP) — Gene Simmons wagged his trademark tongue as an all-glammed-up Kiss swept down the John Varvatos runway in an unannounced appearance during Milan Fashion Week.Manchester United stemmed a run of three consecutive defeats by avenging last weekend\u0027s FA Cup loss to Swansea City with a 2-0 win over the Welsh club on Saturday. Defeats by Tottenham Hotspur, Swansea and Sunderland had left United at risk of losing four successive games for the first time since…TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — The September lane closings near the George Washington Bridge that caused huge traffic jams and now appear to have been politically orchestrated by a member of Gov. Chris Christie\u0027s administration and key allies violated federal law, a chief official said in an email ordering…Sometimes it shakes the roots of government, as when Richard Nixon was forced to leave the White House in disgrace. Sometimes it merely tarnishes reputations, as when Bill Clinton survived impeachment over the Monica Lewinsky affair. The political world now waits to see how the George Washington…An American man returned to Minnesota on Thursday after spending nine months in prison in the United Arab Emirates for his role in making and posting online a satirical video about youth culture in Dubai. Shezanne Cassim, 29, of Woodbury, Minn., told reporters that he did nothing wrong and that…Save 87% on Swarovski Elements double-row stretch bracelet only on NoMoreRack. Limited quantities. Shop now!A close business partner of ex-tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky said Saturday that the Kremlin critic appears to no longer be interested in a $100-billion lawsuit against Russia since his release from jail. Khodorkovsky -- Russia\u0027s former richest man who last month won a pardoned from President…MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Police have named as a suspect the mother of a 7-week-old girl who went missing from her home under suspicious circumstances in northeast Memphis.By Babak Dehghanpisheh BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran will have no choice but to step up its uranium enrichment if a bill now moving through parliament is approved, even though it has no current need for such highly-enriched uranium, its nuclear chief said on Saturday. The bill has received expressions…MEXICO CITY (AP) — When heavily armed marines and government tax agents stormed eight marinas on Mexico\u0027s Pacific and Caribbean coasts, boaters thought they were witnessing a major drug takedown.BERLIN (AP) — Volkswagen AG said Saturday that it delivered a record 9.5 million cars and commercial vehicles last year, a 4.8 percent increase, as growing Chinese and North American demand compensated for a slight decline in Europe.Home economics teacher Agnes Zeleznick celebrates her 100th birthday.Sat, Jan 11","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Latest Videos","h3":"Would Sharon have brought peace to Israel?Accenture named lead contractor for Obamacare websiteColorado ‘Mile 420’ marker replaced after repeated theftsTeen Dies Saving Classmates From Suicide BomberYoung Mom Must Keep Her Wits As Husband Considers LeavingDr Oz - \"Lose 28 Lbs in 4 ?eeks. No Díet/Exercise\"AMC announces premiere for \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027How to Fall Asleep When It\u0027s 4 a.m. And You\u0027re Wide AwakeMan has cockroach pulled from ear in 10-minute procedure because he didn’t want it in thereIndia says no US standoff as diplomat returns homeFire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China (9 photos)Orbital\u0027s cargo ship aims to dock at space stationVersace unleashes rhinestone cowboys for fall 2014Kiss makes surprise Milan Fashion Week appearanceAvenging United stop rot, Chelsea go top in Premier LeagueChief official believed NJ lane closings illegalCover-up of New Jersey bridge scandal: Gov. Christie implicated?Minn. man Shezanne Cassim home after being held 9 months in UAE (5 photos)Overstock Clearance - Bracelets for Only $10!Khodorkovsky associate downplays $100-bn Russia suitSearch resumes for missing 7-week-old Memphis girlIran nuclear bill would have consequences, nuclear chief saysUS, Canadian boaters left in limbo in MexicoVolkswagen sales up nearly 5 percent in 2013America\u0027s Oldest Teacher: 100 Years YoungComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"Search News Search Web","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":17,"second":55},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
