{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"WASHINGTON (AP) — House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi politely stood and clapped when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu entered the House chamber for his long-awaited, and highly controversial, speech to Congress. The longer he spoke, the less enthusiastic she got.Why did no one tell homeowners about this? If you currently own a home and pay a mortgage, you better read this.This dog just may be the world\u0027s largest Pit Bull. Only 18-months-old, Hulk weighs a hefty 175 pounds. He\u0027s also best friends with a 3-year-old boy.A teacher was found hanged to death in a Southern California high school classroom when students arrived on Monday, police and fire officials said, in what was being investigated as an apparent suicide. Jillian Jacobson, a 31-year-old photography teacher, was found by students in a classroom at El…Police searching for missing teenager Becky Watts said on Tuesday they had found body parts at an address in Bristol. A 28-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman were arrested on Saturday on suspicion of kidnapping Watts and were further arrested on Monday on suspicion of her murder, Avon and…American Airlines mechanic Dave Ostang was fatally injured when he fell from a jet bridge Tuesday morning. The accident occurred around 10:30 a.m. at Terminal D of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.I Love Lucy\u0027 is one of the greatest shows in the history of television but when Fred and Ethel argued in any episode, there was not much. . .By Steve Gorman LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Federal agents raided about 20 Southern California locations on Tuesday suspected of involvement in \"maternity tourism\" schemes offering travel and lodging services to pregnant foreign women seeking to give birth in the United States, U.S. immigration…NEW YORK (AP) — The U.S. has so much crude that it is running out of places to put it, and that could drive oil and gasoline prices even lower in the coming months.By Harriet McLeod CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Revenge may be the motive for the killings in South Carolina of more than 300,000 commercial chickens worth about $1.7 million over the past two weeks, authorities said on Monday. Birds have been found dead of unnatural causes in 16 chicken houses at…Supporters of the family of Tamir Rice are outraged over the city of Cleveland’s claim that the 12-year-old boy was responsible for his own shooting death.Why did no one tell California drivers about this? If you\u0027re currently insured and pay more than $9/week for auto insurance, you better read this.MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (AP) — Chadian troops have seized a strategically located northeast Nigerian town from Boko Haram, but not before the defeated Islamic extremists killed hundreds of civilians, Chad\u0027s military said.Edward Snowden, the fugitive whistleblower who has been given refuge in Russia, is willing to return to the United States if he is given a fair trial, his lawyer said Tuesday. He has a desire to return and we are doing everything we can to make it happen,\" Anatoly Kucherena, the Russian lawyer who…Volcano Villarrica in southern Chile erupted in the early hours of Tuesday, sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky, and forcing the evacuation of nearby communities. The volcano, located near the popular tourist resort of Pucon around 750 km (460 miles) south of the capital Santiago,…NEW DELHI (AP) — Indian authorities ordered television stations Tuesday not to broadcast a documentary about a gang rape on a New Delhi bus in which one of the attackers blames the victim and says she could have avoided being killed if she had not fought back, a government official said.If you own a home and pay for a mortgage, you could reduce your payments by an average of $4,100 a year. Here is how it works.By Madeline Chambers BERLIN (Reuters) - A pensioner has started digging in Germany\u0027s western Ruhr region for the Amber Room, a priceless work of art looted by Nazis from the Soviet Union during World War Two and missing for 70 years, but says he needs a new drill to help him. Dubbed the Eighth…By Richard Weizel MILFORD, Conn. (Reuters) - A Connecticut drug dealer was found guilty on Monday of brutally murdering his former girlfriend in her home nine years ago, just as her acting career had gotten a boost from a role in the popular television drama \"Law and Order.\" Matthew Pugh, 42, of…An American jihadist carried out a suicide truck bomb attack against Iraqi forces involved in an operation to recapture the city of Tikrit, the Islamic State group said Tuesday. \"The brother Abu Dawud al-Amriki (may Allah accept him) launched himself with his explosives-laden truck against a…LAS VEGAS (AP) — Manny Pacquiao has always believed he can do what 47 other fighters before him have failed to do — beat Floyd Mayweather Jr. in the ring.Little did these photographers know that they were capturing some of the most infamous men of all time.By Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong said on Tuesday that his country had the power to deter an \"ever-increasing nuclear threat\" by the United States with a pre-emptive strike if necessary. His rare speech at the U.N.-backed Conference on Disarmament drew…WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration is considering banning a type of ammunition used in one of the most popular types of rifles because it says the bullets can pierce a police officer\u0027s protective vest when fired from a handgun.The London graduate believed to be Islamic State executioner \"Jihadi John\" once denounced the 9/11 attacks and the 2005 bombings in the British capital, according to an audio recording released Tuesday. Kuwait-born Mohammed Emwazi was identified by media and experts last week -- and now,…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentTue, Mar 3","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsNetanyahu speech to U.S. Congress exposes bitter divisionsOfficials: US report finds racial bias in Ferguson policeCongress sends Homeland bill to Obama without conditionsPelosi, Democrats furious over Netanyahu \u0027condescension\u0027Homeowners Are In For A Big Surprise In 2015175-Pound Pit Bull Hulk Shatters Misconceptions About the BreedTeacher found hanged in Southern California high school classroomPolice find body parts in hunt for missing teen Becky WattsAmerican Airlines mechanic killed in accident12 \u0027I Love Lucy\u0027 Secrets RevealedFederal agents raid 20 suspected \u0027maternity hotels\u0027 in CaliforniaUS running out of room to store oil; price collapse next?Killers sought in deaths of 300,000 chickens in South Carolina‘Unbelievable’: City of Cleveland blames 12-year-old Tamir Rice for his own deathCalifornia Drivers Are Very UpsetHundreds killed as Chad forces seize northeast Nigerian townEdward Snowden \u0027ready to return to States\u0027Volcano Villarrica erupts in southern Chile (8 photos)India orders TV stations not to give rapist a platformAn Extremely Brilliant Way To Pay Off MortgageGerman pensioner needs drill to dig for Nazi-looted Amber RoomConnecticut man found guilty of murdering \u0027Law \u0026 Order\u0027 actressIS says US suicide bomber carried out Iraq attackPacquiao big hit so far in Vegas sports books vs Mayweather13 Childhood Photos Of History\u0027s Most Evil HumansNorth Korea warns U.S. about pre-emptive strike \u0027if necessary\u0027US considers banning type of popular rifle ammunition\u0027Jihadi John\u0027 condemned 9/11, London attacks: recordingComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":12,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
