{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"KFC wants the world to know: There’s no such thing as an eight-legged, six-winged chicken. Apparently, the rumors have proved so persistent in China, where KFC is the largest fast-food purveyor of fried chicken, that parent company Yum Brands has filed suit against three companies, according to…You\u0027ll never believe number 5!By Jon Herskovitz AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Texas is set on Wednesday to execute Lester Bower, one of the longest-serving inmates on the state\u0027s death row who says he was wrongly convicted of killing four men in 1983 and has spent three decades trying to halt his capital punishment. Lawyers for…A lion leapt through a open car window and mauled to death an American tourist at a privately-run game park just outside Johannesburg on Monday, a park official said. \"There was a car driving to the lion camp and the lion did come through the window and bite the lady,\" Scott Simpson, operations…Divers on Tuesday pulled three people alive from inside a capsized cruise ship and searched for other survivors, state media said, giving some small hope to an apparently massive tragedy with well over 400 people still missing on the Yangtze River. The tally of those brought to safety stood at 15…PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island couple was ordered held without bail Monday in the killing of a Massachusetts man whose body was found under newly poured concrete at the couple\u0027s home nearly a month after he went missing.This new site makes it easy for anyone to search through someone\u0027s Past online. Simply type in a name and select a state to start learning the Truth!(Reuters) - A 5-year-old boy and 7-year-old girl were found dead on Tuesday in a Connecticut home where gas was detected, and police were treating the deaths as suspicious, the Hartford Courant reported. A despondent 36-year-old woman was found outside the East Haven home and taken to the hospital…Massive undersea earthquakes off the coast of California could send a tsunami crashing into Los Angeles or San Diego, new research suggests. As the North American and Pacific tectonic plates grind past each other, large chunks of Earth\u0027s crust wedged between them get squeezed and twisted off…MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian maker of the Buk air defense missile system said Tuesday that it has concluded that Malaysian Airlines flight 17 was downed by an older version of the missile, which isn\u0027t in service with the Russian military but is in Ukrainian arsenals.Images of LGBT people across American society are more diverse: Caitlyn Jenner, the former Olympian, is one vivid example. The report also notes that nearly 90 percent of LGBT people live in states where their children aren’t legally protected from discrimination for having a LGBT parent. Nearly 60…She cheated for almost four years ... and almost got away with itDEAR ABBY: We have two lovely daughters in their 20s. The older one lives with her boyfriend. They are expecting a baby soon. Our younger daughter lives with us, and she\u0027s planning on moving in with her boyfriend.We\u0027re an old married couple, and we\u0027re not sure how to treat our daughters\u0027…It is nap-time at Felizia\u0027s daycare centre, a squalid street-level flat in Tel Aviv where loud pop music drowns out the miserable cries of dozens of children and babies cooped up inside. Run by a corpulent Ghanian woman, it is one of dozens of unlicensed establishments which have sprouted up across…By Marty Graham SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - A San Diego judge set bail at $1 million on Tuesday for a 25-year-old woman charged with murder in what police said was a road rage killing of a U.S. Navy special operations officer on a busy freeway. Darla Renee Jackson is accused of ramming her car into the…Islamic State group jihadists have closed the gates of a dam in the Iraqi city of Ramadi which they seized last month, posing a humanitarian and security threat, officials said Tuesday. IS fighters have repeatedly attempted to control dams in Iraq, in some cases reducing the flow of water to areas…Which royal family would you want to rule your country?An exercise rider jogs a race horse on the wet track during a workout at Belmont Park, Thai Buddhists hold candles as they circle in prayer a statue at the Buddha Monthon park to celebrate Buddha Day in Nakon Pathom Province, west of Bangkok and a giraffe stands behind a fence in the Erfurt Zoopark…FORT PAYNE, Ala. (AP) — An Alabama college student killed his mother during an argument over his bad grades, law enforcement officials said, and he was being held without bond in a county jail Monday.It\u0027s not clear what type of brain cancer Biden had, but in 2013, he had a small lesion removed from his brain, according to The New York Times. Some politicians thought Biden, son of Vice President Joe Biden and former attorney general of Delaware, might be well enough to run for governor of…TAIPEI/MANILA (Reuters) - Coastguard ships from Taiwan and the Philippines confronted each other in rich fishing waters south of Taiwan last week, officials from the two sides said, in an incident that comes as they are working on a pact to resolve maritime disputes. In 2013, Taiwan recalled its…Project Prophecy 2.0 Action Plan—IMF to announce the Yuan as a new reserve currency. Economists explain what this means for the U.S. dollar.When you\u0027re in the hot seat during a job interview, it\u0027s easy to get nervous and make mistakes. The hiring team might overlook certain slip-ups, like momentarily forgetting someone\u0027s name. However, other flubs might be considered more substantive, and in addition to being embarrassing, they could…YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK, Wyo. (AP) — For the second time in three weeks, a bison seriously injured a tourist in Yellowstone National Park who apparently underestimated how quickly the big, burly animals can move when they\u0027re miffed.Saudi Arabia on Tuesday beheaded a man convicted of murdering his wife, along with a Syrian drug smuggler, adding to a toll that activists called a \"stain\" on the kingdom\u0027s rights record. Authorities executed Saudi national Awad al-Rasheedi following his conviction for stabbing his wife to death,…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentTue, Jun 2","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsBoston police officer shoots and kills terror suspectObama signs bill reforming NSA surveillance program\u0027Call me Caitlyn\u0027: Vanity Fair editor and stylist talk to Katie CouricKFC Is Going to Court to Dispel Rumors of GMO Spider Chickens20 Unbelievable Pictures That Are NOT PhotoshoppedAfter three decades on death row, Texas inmate set for executionLion kills American tourist driving in S. African parkChinese cruise ship sinks (43 photos)Rhode Island couple charged in death of man under concreteForget \u0027Googling\u0027 Your Name, New Site Knows it AllDeaths of two children in Connecticut home deemed \u0027suspicious\u0027Continental Collision Could Trigger California TsunamiRussian missile maker: MH17 shot down by Ukrainian missileThese Are the Hardest States in America to Be LGBTEpic Cheating ScandalsParents Welcome Daughters\u0027 Boyfriends Into The Family\u0027Baby warehouses\u0027 put African infants at risk in Israel$1 million bail for California woman charged in road rage death of Navy officerIS closes Iraq dam gates, sparking humanitarian fears17 Royal Family Photos From Around The WorldPhotos of the day - June 1, 2015 (23 photos)Sheriff: College student killed mom in argument over gradesBeau Biden\u0027s Death: 5 Facts About Brain CancerTaiwan, Philippines coastguards in brief stand-off despite work on pactWhat China\u0027s IMF Announcement Means for the DollarThe Top 5 Embarrassing Errors to Avoid in Your Job InterviewBison seriously injures 2nd Yellowstone tourist in 3 weeksSaudi beheads wife killer, Syrian drug traffickerComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":21,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
