{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The growing legalization of cannabis in the United States is forcing Mexico\u0027s drug cartels to rethink their illicit business model, turning to opium poppy plantations and domestic pot consumption, experts say. The changes in the world\u0027s biggest drug market appear to have prompted the criminal…He had his first encounter with a Volkswagen Diesel: a 1978 Rabbit. In 2013 ,David fulfilled a lifelong dream and bought one.A mountain lion that wandered into a Southern California shopping mall parking lot on Friday was shot with a tranquilizer dart but died as state wildlife officers sought to transport it to the wilderness, authorities said. The incident marked the latest encounter between humans and mountain lions…PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A police officer who went to a video game store to buy a present for his son ended up in a fierce gunbattle with two would-be robbers, fighting to the end of his life to protect patrons and employees, a police captain said Friday.MILLVALE, Pa. (AP) — A 9-month-old boy found dead in a Pittsburgh-area apartment is believed to have starved after his mother died of an apparent overdose, leaving no one to care for him, authorities said Friday.(Reuters) - The student council of a southern California university passed a bill that would ban the hanging of any national flag in the common area of student government offices, school officials said on Friday. The measure, passed by six undergraduates on the University of California at Irvine\u0027s…These are the \"common\" things that will make your money vanish before you know it. And #7 is surprisingly common...A court in Tanzania has sentenced four people to death for the murder of an albino woman who was killed so her hacked-off limbs could be used in magic, officials said Friday. The sentencing comes after Tanzania\u0027 President Jakaya Kikwete blasted the wave of killings of albinos, whose body parts are…Iraqi government forces and allied tribal militia have retaken the town of Al-Baghdadi, from where jihadists had threatened to attack an airbase housing US troops, the US military said Friday. Fighters from the Islamic State group had taken Al-Baghdadi, a small town on the Euphrates River in…By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - A Massachusetts high school dean charged with the attempted execution-style murder of a student he had inducted into an alleged drug ring had once worked with Boston police on efforts to combat drugs and gangs, a police spokesman said on Friday. Prosecutors…A new roller coaster is opening soon, and it’s not for the faint of heart. The crazy cool Fury 325 coaster debuts on March 28 at Carowinds Park in Charlotte, North Carolina. But you don’t have to wait until then to take a ride: The park released this point-of-view test-run video on YouTube. Follow…Entry-priced new cars have never been so desirable! Can you guess which car made the number 1 spot on this year\u0027s list of coolest cars? Find out now!An official says Harrison Ford crash-landed his vintage airplane at a Los Angeles golf course. He suffered moderate injuries. Los Angeles fire officials say the single-engine plane went down at about 2:30 p.m. Thursday on the green at Penmar Golf Course in the Venice area of Los Angeles. The…A team of Mexican climbers searching for a frozen body on the country\u0027s highest mountain stumbled on a second mummified cadaver during their expedition on Thursday. The 12 local civil protection mountaineers had embarked on their mission after climbers reported seeing a frozen skull 310 meters…RENTON, Wash. (AP) — \"Beast Mode\" is getting paid.A Michigan man was not acting erratically or threatening other people at an Ann Arbor high school music recital, but he was openly — and legally — carrying a firearm. The incident happened Thursday evening at Pioneer High School when Steven Lorenz, the director of choirs at the school, spotted the…What really lies beneath that foundation and eye liner? The results are quite shocking.WASHINGTON (AP) — Democrats on the House committee investigating the deadly 2012 Benghazi attacks are demanding that the panel\u0027s Republican chairman withdraw a subpoena for Hillary Clinton\u0027s emails and schedule a hearing for Clinton to testify immediately.FALL RIVER, Mass. (AP) — Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez\u0027s DNA was found on a marijuana joint at the scene of a killing near his home, a crime lab scientist testified Friday.The Golan Heights, one of Israel’s quietest frontiers, is showing signs of becoming an active front that could soon bring the forces of arch-enemies Iran and Israel into direct contact for the first time. For nearly a month, Lebanon’s militant Hezbollah organization and other Shiite forces under…President Barack Obama will call for a new generation of Americans to take up the torch kindled by civil rights leaders 50 years ago in Selma, Alabama, when he visits the historic town Saturday. America\u0027s first black president will stand at the famed Edmund Pettus Bridge, accompanied by wife…Do you have all of these apps installed on your phone? Get the most out of your phone today. Be in the know.By Tracy Rucinski GARY, Ind. (Reuters) - Gary, Indiana, authorities on Thursday were investigating the origin of two fetuses that were briefly hidden in the rafters of a funeral home morgue. One of the fetuses bore a tag from Methodist Hospital that identified it as male, the funeral home said. The…Once a couple decides to commit to a frugal lifestyle, it\u0027s likely that disagreements and stress about money will decrease and their success as a frugal couple will strengthen their bond overall. Other possibilities include deciding to switch careers, working less and living life the way you…Thirteen of the animals currently part of the circus\u0027 migrating entourage will be relocated to the Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation in Florida, the company said. Family scions Nicola and Alana Feld, meanwhile, acknowledged that the decision to retire their elephant act is part of an…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentSat, Mar 7","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsBloody Sundays: Violence against peaceful protesters from Selma to BelfastCould an app from Umbrella Revolution be used in presidential election?Sen. Menendez: I\u0027ve behaved appropriately in officeMexico\u0027s drug cartels adapt to US pot legalizationWhen David was 3Mountain lion shot with tranquilizer in California mall parking lot, diesPolice: Slain officer a hero in \u0027fierce\u0027 gunbattle with 2Cops: Baby apparently starves after mom\u0027s suspected overdoseCalifornia university student council passes bill to ban flags7 \"Common\" Things That Will Make You Go BrokeAlbino killers sentenced to death in TanzaniaIslamic State expelled from Iraq town Al-Baghdadi: USBoston high school dean ran drug ring, tried to kill teen: prosecutorsNew 325-foot-tall roller coaster can reach 95 miles per hour10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000Actor Harrison Ford injured in California plane crash (18 photos)Two mummified bodies spotted on Mexico\u0027s highest peakLynch returning to Seahawks with new contractSchool Choir Director And College Professor FREAK OUT And Call The Cops On Man Legally Carrying A GunUnrecognizable Celebrities Without Makeup!Democrats decry GOP subpoena of Clinton\u0027s personal emailsWitness: Hernandez DNA matched marijuana butt at crime sceneIran-backed advance in southern Syria rattles Israel50 years after \"Bloody Sunday\" at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama (43 photos)Top 10 iPhone Apps Everyone Should have InstalledRemains of two fetuses found in ceiling of Indiana funeral home5 Rewards of Living a Frugal LifestyleRingling elephants say goodbye to the circusComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":33,"second":51},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
