{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"An Oregon man was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of aggravated murder after police found two bodies, believed to be those of his parents, in a freezer in the home where the family lived, authorities said. Jeremy Daniel Ringquist, 38, faces two counts of aggravated murder and was booked into the…Rates now at 2.75% APR - $200K mortgage for $803/mo. Process is easy \u0026 quotes are free! (2.75% APR 5/1 ARM). Calculate new payment now.DOUAI, France (AP) — One day in the summer of 2010, a man was digging in his garden in northern France when he discovered a trash bag containing the remains of an infant. When he summoned the police, they found the body of another newborn. A few days later, they found more bags in the garage — with…She converted her yard to a sandpit with 160,000 pounds of sand three years ago, for a total of $4,000.DEAR ABBY: Six months ago, my best friend\u0027s fiance raped me. He is a man I\u0027ve known for many years, and I didn\u0027t see it coming. I became pregnant but had a miscarriage two months later. I recently had to have a hysterectomy from damage incurred from the rape and the miscarriage.I never went to the…From 2011 to 2012, there were 90 outbreaks and 1,788 cases of any illness linked to using recreational water, according to information reported from 32 states and Puerto Rico. Most of these outbreaks (77 percent) occurred in water that was treated (for example, with chlorine or bromine), such as…Physicist Stephen Hawking has issued a stark warning on things that he strongly believes will lead to the demise of human civilization.What are they?(Reuters) - Bobbi Kristina Brown, the only child of late singer Whitney Houston, was moved to hospice care on Wednesday after suffering irreversible brain damage five months ago, and her former boyfriend was hit with a lawsuit alleging physical abuse and theft from her bank account. Bobbi Kristina,…As both a prison employee and a corrections officer face charges for allegedly helping convicted murderers Richard Matt and David Sweat escape, a former Clinton Correctional Facility inmate is shedding light on the alleged relationships between prisoners and employees -- from secret gifts to shared…Protests against ride-booking app Uber turned violent in France as cabbies torched cars, blocked roads and attacked a vehicle carrying American rocker Courtney Love. Among the some 2,800 cabbies who took part in the strike, police arrested at least 11 across the country in connection with…Fishermen off Australia who accidentally caught a whopping basking shark have provided scientists with a rare opportunity to study the second-biggest fish on the planet. The 6.3 metre (20 feet) fish is causing a sensation Down Under where little is known about the species -- smaller only than the…After a year long genetic study this shocking fact was found out about Native American lineage. What was revealed?CAIRO (AP) — WikiLeaks\u0027 publication of more than 60,000 Saudi documents has set pens racing across the Middle East with disclosures about the secretive Arab monarchy\u0027s foreign affairs. But lost amid the torrent of revelations are offbeat memos showing the underbelly of Riyadh\u0027s diplomacy, including…SAN DIEGO (AP) — Two hospitalized San Diego firefighters were in stable condition and one was expected to go home Thursday, a day after a bystander stabbed them multiple times as they were helping a man with a medical problem on a packed trolley platform.A baby hippopotamus swims in the zoo of Karlruhe, Germany; a gust of wind blows away Pope Francis\u0027 skullcap; and, a Kashmiri woman walks on a footbridge as it rains in Srinagar. These are just a few of the photos of the day for June 24, 2015. Find more news-related pictures in our photo galleries…Verda Byrd was adopted by black parents who raised her to believe she was black. She found out when she was 70 years old that her birth parents were Caucasian.You won\u0027t believe what these wave riding hotties can do! [30 Photos]As drugs go, it\u0027s dirt cheap, potent and deadly. This addictive synthetic drug known on the streets as \u0027flakka,\u0027 or gravel, has killed dozens of people in Florida, and its popularity is spreading fast. Particularly hard hit is Broward County, a touristy area of south Florida, just north of Miami.Louisiana Governor and U.S. presidential candidate Bobby Jindal caused a Twitter storm of jokes and insults in India on Thursday after he said he dislikes being called an Indian-American. Republican Jindal is the first person of Indian origin to join the U.S. presidential race. During his campaign…Gene Palmer, 57, of Dannemora, was arrested Wednesday and hit with promoting prison contraband and tampering with physical evidence, both felonies, and official misconduct, a misdemeanor in connection with the \"Shawshank Redemption\"-style June 6 escape of Richard Matt and David Sweat from Clinton…COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — The Confederate flag is not a hateful symbol but instead a banner with positive historical context despite \"the few thousand people that run around wearing sheets and committing atrocities,\" said Ben Jones, the \"Dukes of Hazzard\" actor and former Democratic congressman.Did you know 2nd richest person in US lives in Nebraska? There are quite a few more surprises like this. Who is the richest person in your state?A warning by Queen Elizabeth II against \"division\" in Europe as Prime Minister David Cameron plans a referendum on Britain\u0027s EU membership was interpreted by some British media on Thursday as a political statement. While Buckingham Palace insisted that the sovereign was politically neutral,…DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m almost 20. I have a well-paying job and live with my mother in a small town. My issue is I don\u0027t know how to break away from her. My older siblings still live here, too. They don\u0027t help pay rent, utilities, groceries or anything. Mom and I pay for everything in a house of six people.…According to the Mount Vernon Police Department, the incident is now being investigated as a homicide since the two men were shot.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentThu, Jun 25","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsSCOTUS Obamacare ruling: 2016 presidential candidates weigh inWhat does SCOTUS Obamacare ruling mean?The Obama legacy on raceOregon man arrested after parents found dead in freezer2015 Mortgage Rates Take Huge Dip - 2.75% APRFrench woman goes on trial for deaths of 8 of her babiesDying woman who turned her yard into a giant sandbox threatened with jailWoman Raped By Friend\u0027S Fiance Must Share Her Secret Burden\u0027Crypto\u0027 Parasite Outbreaks Increasing in Pools Across USStephen Hawking \"This Could Destroy Civilization\"Bobbi Kristina Brown in hospice, boyfriend accused of abuseNY Prison Escape: Former Inmate Describes Alleged Cozy Relationship Between Mitchell and SweatAnti-Uber protests turn violent in France (27 photos)Australian fishermen lure rare monster sharkAfter a year long genetic study this shocking factWikiLeaks exposes Saudi liquor runs, Clinton\u0027s passport2 San Diego firefighters stabbed by bystander at aid scenePhotos of the day - June 24, 2015 (19 photos)Adopted Woman Raised as Black Finds Out at Age 70 That Her Birth Parents Were White30 Bodacious Surfer Babes Doing What They Do Best!Cheap high buys vulnerable Americans ticket to death in FloridaU.S. presidential hopeful\u0027s \u0027done with Indian-American\u0027 remark prompts Twitter stormCorrections Officer Gene Palmer Gave Prison Escapees Paint and Tools in Exchange for Art, Documents Say\u0027Hazzard\u0027 actor, now a store owner, defends Confederate flagTOP richest people of their stateQueen\u0027s Europe speech raises eyebrows in BritainBurden Of Supporting Family Keeps Teen Under Mom\u0027S Roof2 men found in flipped car in Mount Vernon were shotComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":45,"second":49},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
