{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"MIAMI (AP) — The beating death of a Pomeranian named Fox may have been eclipsed by the hand-written note left behind: \"We beat it 2 death lol HAHAHA!\"Studies now reveal certain exercises accelerate aging and weight gain for people over 40. Discover how you can best slow aging \u0026 shed excess weight.All but one of the 17 Republicans vying for the party\u0027s presidential nomination have made the cut so far for the next candidates\u0027 debates hosted by CNN, the network said on Tuesday in a decision that could leave former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore on the sidelines. CNN and the Ronald Reagan…Before a 19-year-old girl from a small city in Mississippi was charged with attempting to travel to Syria to join ISIS, the young woman allegedly praised the Chattanooga shooting, which claimed the lives of five American servicemen. “What makes me feel bette[r] after just watching the news is that…JACOB LAKE, Ariz. (AP) — The body of a 5-year-old Arizona boy was found Monday after he went missing from a campsite north of the Grand Canyon last week, authorities said.The United States said on Tuesday it has intervened in a lawsuit against Palestinian authorities over attacks in Israel that killed and injured Americans, arguing that a high bond could compromise the Palestinians\u0027 financial stability. A US jury in February found the Palestinian Authority (PA) and…Enter your last name to learn its meaning and origin.Google’s Alphabet announcement yesterday left a lot of people scratching their heads, at least at first. In the blink of an eye, Google completely restructured the entire company under a parent company called Alphabet, of all names. While Wall St. is seemingly supportive of the plan — the stock…The Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer charged with voluntary manslaughter in the death of a black man in September 2013 broke from policy, a police captain testified on Tuesday. Capt. Mike Campagna said that the shooting of Jonathan Ferrell,  an unarmed, former college football player was not…A little girl points at portraits of Japanese grade-A war criminals during an exhibition of the China Anti-Japanese War at the Military Museum in Beijing, China, a dinghy overcrowded with Syrian refugees drifts in the Aegean sea between Turkey and Greece after its motor broke down off the Greek…China cut the yuan\u0027s value against the dollar for the second consecutive day Wednesday, roiling global financial markets and driving expectations the currency could be set for further falls. The daily reference rate that sets the value of the Chinese currency against the greenback was cut by 1.62…Yoo-Mee, a new product from Hooked Media Group, is a new social gaming platform that introduces the ability to win real money and prizes.HOUSTON (AP) — Six children who were fatally shot in their Houston home along with their mother and her husband were temporarily removed by Child Protective Services from the household in 2013 after allegations of domestic violence and a lack of supervision.By Emily Flitter and Alana Wise LEHIGH COUNTY, Penn./NEW YORK (Reuters) - It\u0027s easy to find female fans of Donald Trump in this cluster of former factory towns in the hills west of New York City even after his comments about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly that have been widely interpreted as referring…HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — Texas inmate Daniel Lee Lopez has been trying to speed up his execution since being sent to death row five years ago for striking and killing a police lieutenant with an SUV during a chase.We now know the amount of planning and thought that may have gone into the deadly mass murder of eight people over the weekend.Yes! Solar rebates are still available. Got 30 seconds? Get 3 quotes today and lock in your rebate! You\u0027ll be shocked at how low prices are now.American Walter Palmer -- was probably unaware he was shooting one of Zimbabwe\u0027s most beloved animals. \"The hunter did not know Cecil was so popular, he just saw a lion and killed a lion,\" said Zuma, giggling as he spoke at a press briefing in Pretoria. Zimbabwe has requested that the United States…WASHINGTON (AP) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian is no stranger to criticism, having spent the better part of the last decade in the public eye. But she\u0027s probably never faced negative publicity like this before: The Food and Drug Administration says Kardashian\u0027s social media posts violate federal…DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — A man who claimed a 2-year-old choked on a Pop Tart has been charged with murder in the boy\u0027s death, less than a year after his release from prison on a child endangering charge, a prosecutor\u0027s spokesman said Tuesday.Late last month, the FCC approved AT\u0026T’s acquisition of DirecTV, and the merger was completed shortly after. Not only did AT\u0026T become the “largest pay TV provider” in the country, it also gained hundreds of thousands of new customers that might be willing to switch over to its wireless phone…For business banking, loans and cash flow solutions, talk to our business specialists about cash flow options today. Terms and conditions apply.By Pete Sweeney and Lu Jianxin SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China shocked global markets on Tuesday by devaluing its currency after a run of poor economic data, a move it billed as a free-market reform but which some experts suspect could be the beginning of a longer-term slide in the exchange rate. The…DEAR ABBY: A family member has recently lost more than 100 pounds running and doing yoga. She looks fantastic. Yoga is the focus of her life now, and she posts daily photos of herself on social media. In many of them she is scantily clad and in poses some might consider risque.Whenever she attends…Hundreds of people attended ceremonies Wednesday marking the 30th anniversary of a Japan Airlines jumbo jet crash that killed 520 people on board, the deadliest single-aircraft disaster in history. The doomed Boeing 747 had begun the hour-long flight from Japan\u0027s capital to Osaka when it crashed…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentWed, Aug 12","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsU.S. military helicopter crashes off Okinawa, all on board rescuedAfter 2 nights of tension, a peaceful protest in FergusonOfficer fired for \u0027troubling\u0027 decisions in shooting of Texas teenBeaten Pomeranian found with note: \u0027We beat it 2 death lol\u0027Exercises That People Over 40 Should Never DoCNN invites all but one Republican presidential hopeful to next debatesFBI: Mississippi Teen Girl ISIS Wannabe Praised Chattanooga ShootingSearchers find body of missing 5-year-old boy in ArizonaUS intervenes in case against Palestinians over Israel attacksWhat does your last name say about you?Microsoft hilariously trolls Google’s ‘Alphabet’ announcementCharlotte man shot after knocking on door: Officer broke policy, captain saysPhotos of the day - August 11, 2015 (25 photos)China cuts yuan rate against US dollar for second dayBurger Flipper Quits, Won Lottery Game At LunchKids killed in shooting had been taken from home by stateTrump\u0027s female fans shrug off \u0027blood\u0027 comment about TV hostTexas inmate who dropped appeals headed to executionEXCLUSIVE: Family massacre suspect reportedly details how killings were planned and executedSave up to $4,500 off solar in Gov\u0027t IncentivesZuma calls Cecil death \u0027just an incident\u0027FDA issues warning over Kim Kardashian\u0027s drug promotionsMan who claimed boy choked on Pop Tart charged with murderAT\u0026T is giving DirecTV customers $500 to change their wireless serviceKeep your business growing with Suncorp Bank.China devaluation sparks fear of currency war, angers U.S. lawmakersWoman Goes To The Mat To Defend Yoga PhotosJapan Airlines jumbo crash remembered 30 years laterComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":16,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
