{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"(Reuters) - A Maryland mother was found early on Friday pushing her dead 3-year-old boy on a park swing, authorities said. Deputies responded to a call around 7 a.m. to check on a woman who witnesses said had been pushing a child for hours on a swing at Wills Memorial Park in La Plata, about 35…Ride in style without breaking the bank! Our experts have picked the best cars that prove you really can have it all with luxury and affordability!One of the things technology will most likely fix at some point down the road is poor eyesight. And it might happen sooner than we think, if Ocumetics Technology is successful with its Bionic Lens trials. DON’T MISS: This $11 quick charger from Amazon will charge your phone 75% faster (deal is…By Lisa Maria Garza DALLAS (Reuters) - A 14-year-old Dallas girl was sentenced by a juvenile court judge on Friday to 40 years in custody, the maximum punishment available, after admitting to drowning an infant in January, court officials said. The teenager will begin serving her sentence in state…Driver involved in an accident was unresponsive due to a medical emergency when the officer used a Taser and pepper spray on him.At least 42 people were killed on Friday in western Mexico in a gunfight between suspected gang members and security forces, two government officials said, the latest bloodshed in an area that has been plagued by violent drug gangs. The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said at least…You probably recognize some of the names on this list and agree, but there might be one or two names on here that surprise you.The prime suspect in a grisly killing of a wealthy Washington family-of-three and their maid did not act alone, prosecutors said Friday, as he was formally charged with first-degree murder. Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was arrested Thursday following a massive manhunt after police found his DNA on a pizza…UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United States on Friday blocked a global document aimed at ridding the world of nuclear weapons, saying Egypt and other states tried to \"cynically manipulate\" the process by setting a deadline for Israel and its neighbors to meet within months on a Middle East zone free of…At eleven years old, most American kids are finishing 5th grade and nervously anticipating middle school.(Reuters) - First responders preparing to take the body of a Milwaukee man pronounced dead to the morgue got a jolt when the man suddenly began moving and noticeably breathing, authorities said on Friday. About 50 minutes later, the medical examiner arrived and notified the man\u0027s family of his death.Don’t let your pee take you by surprise. The following is a list of seven urine color variations and what they might mean.DELRAY BEACH, Fla. (AP) — A Florida woman\u0027s yearslong battle against her child\u0027s father over the boy\u0027s circumcision ended Friday with her agreeing to the procedure in exchange for her release from jail.Kobe Bryant will make next season his last with the Los Angeles Lakers after 20 years that have produced five NBA titles, Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said. \"He has indicated to me this is it,\" Kupchak told SiriusXM NBA Radio. The 36-year-old guard has played for the Lakers for his entire…An Idaho couple whose 5-year-old child accidentally shot and killed a young playmate will see child injury charges dismissed provided they craft and present a course for families on the dangers of firearms, a state court clerk said. Rusty and Ashlee Lish were accused of the misdemeanor charges…LAS VEGAS (AP) — Five of B.B. King\u0027s adult children visited the blues great one last time in private at a Las Vegas funeral home that will host a public viewing Friday ahead of a Saturday memorial service.We found a hassle free, comfortable solution to snoring that beats CPAP. Snoring causes major health and relationship issues. It\u0027s time to fix it!A Chicago area woman whose 18-year-old son was killed in an alleged drunk-driving crash after his high-school prom last weekend wore his cap and gown at his graduation in a tribute to him. Along with Dunigan\u0027s father, she received a special plaque with his diploma, awards and a graduation ticket.…China declared victory on Friday over an encounter with a US surveillance aircraft overflying the contested South China Sea, saying its military \"drove away\" the intruder with radio warnings. Beijing is in the throes of a rapid land-reclamation programme in the area, building artificial islands and…Hundreds of people marched peacefully in Washington state\u0027s capital city to protest a police shooting that wounded two unarmed stepbrothers suspected of trying to steal beer from a grocery store. The officer reported he was being assaulted with a skateboard early Thursday before the shooting that…Supporters of the endangered Mexican gray wolf on Tuesday in Santa Fe, New Mexico, demanded that state commissioners reverse their recent decision to close down a wolf recovery program. The program, which operated for 17 years at a New Mexico ranch owned by billionaire media mogul Ted Turner, has…We tend to think of celebrities as being not the brightest people, but these celebs got the looks and the brains!Russia\u0027s foreign ministry has warned its citizens traveling abroad of the risks posed by U.S. law enforcement bodies and special services, which it said were hunting for Russians around the world. In a statement on Friday it also accused Washington of kidnapping Russians, citing cases such as that…Every month, at least a few of the contracts between Netflix and its content providers expire, which means that some of your favorite shows and movies will vanish from the streaming service. Want to know what’s being removed in June? Read on to find out. MORE NETFLIX: Netflix is testing a redesign…Bullets whistled overhead, a black Islamic State flag flapping in the distance, but all Friar Najeeb Michaeel could think of as he fled the jihadists was how to save hundreds of ancient Iraqi manuscripts in his possession. \"You are going to get us killed with your archives,\" Michaeel\u0027s assistant…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentFri, May 22","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsSenate clears White House-backed trade billMoore endures under ‘the mercy of the sky’L.A. looking to 2016 to end the Bay Area’s lock on California politicsMother found pushing dead toddler on swing in Maryland parkThe Best Luxury Cars Under $35,000How an 8-minute surgery could completely fix your poor eyesightDallas girl sentenced to 40 years for drowning babyPolice Officer Resigns After Allegedly Using Excessive ForceGunfight in western Mexico kills at least 42: officials20 Women Who are the Most Hated in HollywoodWashington mansion murder suspect \u0027did not act alone\u0027US rejects nuclear disarmament document over Israel concernsEleven year-old earns three degrees one year after finishing high schoolMilwaukee man pronounced dead, then moves and breathes - authoritiesWhat Your Urine Says About Your HealthAfter week in jail, Florida mom agrees to son\u0027s circumcisionLakers GM says Bryant done after next seasonIdaho couple whose 5-year-old fatally shot another child reach plea deal5 B.B. King children visit body a day before public viewingFinally, a snoring fix that beats CPAPMother stands in at graduation of son killed in prom night crashChina declares victory in US surveillance overflightProtests over police shooting of 2 unarmed men in Washington state for trying to steal beer (14 photos)Billionaire’s Bid to Save Rare Wolves Ends Up on the Brink of Extinction13 Most Intelligent CelebritiesMoscow issues travel warning over U.S. \u0027hunt\u0027 for RussiansThese movies and shows are being removed from Netflix in June – watch them while you can!How an Iraqi friar saved ancient Christian manuscripts from ISComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":47,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
