{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"An unidentified skydiver\u0027s parachute became tangled just before he was to give a demonstration at a pomegranate festival in California.Men: Trim down and boost your metabolism by avoiding these five foods at all costs.PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Pittsburgh Steelers keep insisting they can absorb the endless string of injuries to their most vital parts, that they have the depth necessary to push for a playoff spot no matter who is — or isn\u0027t — in the lineup.DEAR ABBY: I am a 68-year-old woman. For the past seven years, I have lived with my daughter, my only child. We have always had a great relationship, and now as adults, we have a great friendship. She and her husband recently separated, and she now has a boyfriend. She has an excellent job and has…By Maria Tsvetkova MOSCOW (Reuters) - Three serving or former Russian soldiers have been geolocated by photographs in Syria, including locations near Hama, Aleppo and Homs, Russian bloggers said on Sunday, suggesting the Kremlin\u0027s operation stretches well beyond its air campaign. Russia first…Alligator trapper Christy Kroboth subdued an 800-pound alligator on Saturday that had wandered into a Sugar Land, Texas parking lot.Attend this free live event in Perth 13/11-18/11 \u0026 receive a digital camera. Plus be entered to win a table! Registration is limited, register today!A Bangladesh court Sunday handed four men the death sentence over the brutal killing of a 13-year-old boy that provoked national outrage after video footage of the attack went viral, a lawyer said. \"He did not deserve death as he did not have any intention to kill the boy,\" the lawyer, who did not…The mother of a 9-year-old boy shot to death earlier this week is being accused of spending money donated through a \"Go Fund Me\" effort intended for funeral expenses on a new car.Having just one energy drink can cause short-term changes in healthy adults that, over time, could increase the risk of heart disease, a new study finds. In the study, participants who drank one 16-ounce (480 milliliters) can of Rockstar energy drink showed increases in blood pressure and levels of…When a South Carolina sheriff\u0027s deputy threw a high school student from her chair in late October, tossing her across the classroom in a cellphone-captured video that quickly went viral, Americans caught a glimpse of how debates over school discipline play out every day in the nation\u0027s schools,…Starting November, Australians will likely fork out an extra $678 per year on a $600,000 home loan - See how you can avoid the interest rate hike.HONOLULU (AP) — Two days before the city planned to dismantle her sidewalk home, Kionina Kaneso had no idea where she and her daughter and grandchildren would sleep.MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Angered by a hit to Teddy Bridgewater\u0027s head that knocked the quarterback out of the game, the Minnesota Vikings kept their composure and steered their feelings toward another steely victory.DEAR ABBY: I\u0027m a 17-year-old girl in high school. Recently, I became friends with a new girl at school. She\u0027s 15. She has a boyfriend at her old school, but she talks to guys at this school she thinks are cute. She told me some of them want to hook up with her and she seems happy about it. She even…Supporters of Myanmar\u0027s Aung San Suu Kyi burst into boisterous celebration on Sunday after the country held its first free nationwide election in 25 years, the biggest step yet in a journey to democracy from dictatorship. Although the outcome of the poll will not be clear for at least 36 hours, a…Here are 10 easy ways to help you win playing pokies!By David Stanway and Kathy Chen BEIJING (Reuters) - To get a sense of how hard it is to measure greenhouse gas emissions in China, it pays to visit the Deqingyuan poultry farm on the outskirts of Beijing, where streams of chicken manure are piped from wooden sheds to an industrial gas digester that…State District Judge Julie Kocurek, the presiding felony judge for Travis County, was shot in Austin late Friday.International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Sunday that global energy prices could remain low for years and urged Gulf countries to adjust their budgets. Speaking in Qatar\u0027s capital Doha after meeting ministers and officials from the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), Lagarde…The city of Hamtramck, an enclave of Detroit, made history this week when it became what is likely the first city in America to elect a Muslim-majority city council. Historically Polish, the city of about 22,000 voted three Muslim Council candidates onto the six-member panel, one of whom was an…Can you guess who is #1? You might be surprised who tops the list of the word\u0027s highest-paid athletes. See the top 30 now!A four-barrel machine gun blasts a spray of rounds into midair. It was the first of a series of trials meant to test the functionality of the jet\u0027s internal 25-millimeter machine gun, according to Lockheed Martin, the defense contractor that developed the fighter jet. The plane is equipped with a…HYATTSVILLE, Md. (AP) — Four people including a child have died and 12 others have been injured after a van caught fire in a crash with a pickup truck in a Maryland suburb of the nation\u0027s capital on Sunday afternoon, authorities said.NEW YORK (AP) — Donald Trump hadn\u0027t gotten far into his opening monologue before trouble occurred. An off-screen heckler interrupted with a cry of \"You\u0027re a racist!\"Sun, Nov 8","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsCarson: ‘Addiction occurs in people who are vulnerable’Attack ad: GOP candidate chose ‘prostitutes over patriots’More U.S. troops possible in Syria, defense chief saysSkydiver, 65, Plummets to His Death After Parachute Failure While 5,000 Spectators Look On5 Foods Men Should Never EatSteelers beat Raiders 38-35 but lose RoethlisbergerMom Faces Tough Choice If Daughter Decides To MoveRussian soldiers geolocated by photos in multiple Syria locations, bloggers sayLady Wrangler Traps 12-Foot Gator in Mall Parking Lot as Boys in Blue Keep a Safe DistanceFree Live Event Coming to Perth 13/11-18/11Six sentenced to death for brutal Bangladesh child murdersMother of boy shot dead denies spending donated funds on new carHeart Risks Raised by Just One Energy Drink, Study SuggestsL.A. schools swapped \u0027zero tolerance\u0027 for \u0027restorative justice.\u0027 Is it working?Rate Hikes To Hit Australian Back PocketsHomelessness in Hawaii grows, defying image of paradiseVikings lose Bridgewater, beat Rams 21-18 in OTThe New Girl At School Isn\u0027t Shy Around BoysMyanmar elections (16 photos)10 Tips To Help Increase Your Odds Playing Pokies!The unbearable lightness of Chinese emissions dataTexas Judge is Shot in Driveway of Her Own HomeIMF chief urges Gulf to adapt to sustained oil price dropMichigan city elects for the first time a Muslim majority city council30 Richest Athletes In The WorldF-35 Fighter Jet Blasts Through 1st-Ever Airborne Gun TestAuthorities: 4 killed, others hurt in fiery Maryland crashGood, not spectacular, preliminary ratings for Trump on SNLComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":16,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
