{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"By Carey Gillam (Reuters) - A member of the grand jury that declined to indict the white Missouri police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black 18-year-old sued the prosecutor in the case on Monday, criticizing the way evidence was presented to grand jurors and seeking court permission to speak…There are over 50 new and redesigned cars coming soon to a dealership near you! Get ready for the 2015 class with specs and reviews you can trust!As protests take root in 2015, some are adopting the approach of \"uncivil\" disobedience. Is it effective? CLEVELAND (AP) — The 10-year-old brother of a toddler whose death was attributed to malnourishment has died while in a Cleveland foster home.Here is a cautionary tale of a little girl who thought playing inside a washing machine would be a good idea.A Sumatran tiger plays with a football filled with food during the annual stock take at London Zoo, a Hindu holy man holds the holy Swasthani Brata Katha as he recites verses from the book on the first day of Swasthani Brata Katha festival in Kathmandu and people ride slides on ice sculptures…Is your wealth in immediate danger? Read on.These landscapes preserve troves of bomb craters, trenches and even the remains of supply depots — all of which have not been well studied until now. David Passmore, a geoarchaeologist and lecturer at the University of Toronto, Mississauga, led the study. \"Although the history of the Second World…EDDYVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Sailor Gutzler, the 7-year-old girl who survived a plane crash, walked a mile through the cold, dark woods to safety and then helped authorities locate the wreckage and remains of her family, may not be done helping investigators.(Reuters) - A 3-week-old girl was found dead in a dumpster 120 miles from the Southern California home where she was abducted after her parents and uncle were shot over the weekend, police said. Authorities found the body of Eliza Delacruz on Sunday behind a strip mall in the city of Imperial Beach…A North Korean believed to be a runaway soldier killed four Chinese citizens during a robbery after he crossed the border into China in search of food, media reports said Monday. The young North Korean soldier crossed the border in late December and stole money and food at a house before killing…An exciting way to paying off your mortgage will have banks across the country in a panic. Read more about this mortgage plan now!By Ellen Wulfhorst NEW YORK (Reuters) - The son of a hedge fund founder who was shot to death in his New York apartment over the weekend was being questioned on Monday in connection with the slaying, police said. Thomas Gilbert, 70, founder of the Wainscott Capital Partners Fund, was found shot…Weather was the \"triggering factor\" in the crash of AirAsia Flight 8501 with icing likely causing engine damage, Indonesian officials said, as rough seas Sunday hampered the search for more bodies and wreckage. The Airbus A320-200 crashed into the Java Sea on December 28 carrying 162 people from…NASHUA, N.H. (AP) — A woman charged with beating her 3-year-old daughter to death had faced child abuse charges before: She was indicted last year on a charge of striking an 8-year-old boy with a belt, but the case was dismissed because he was too scared to testify against her, according to court…Autism is on the rise: More than 1.5 million people have the condition in the United States alone. But because the majority of these people are younger than 22, the country is on the verge of an \"autism tsunami\" that could leave thousands without the support they need as they become adults,…3 exercises and foods that are making you age faster (very surprising!)Brother Noah of the Monastery of Christ in the Desert in New Mexico says he was so frustrated with customer service for United Airlines that he did not stay peaceful in his own eyes.As the new year begins, here’s a look at daily life in Pakistan: On the occasion of the Prophet Muhammad\u0027s birthday, Muslims participate in religious celebrations, prepare food and distribute free meals among the poor; an Afghan refugee walks to work as a porter at a wholesale vegetable market on…US oil prices Monday slipped below $50 a barrel for the first time in more than five years as the surging dollar and news of additional supplies extended a six-month rout. The contract got as low as $49.95 a barrel earlier in the session, its lowest level since May 1, 2009. European benchmark Brent…MEXICO CITY (AP) — A man sought in connection with a fatal New Year\u0027s Day shooting in South Texas was in custody Monday in Mexico, where he\u0027s also suspected of killing a taxi driver and a police officer.A new site has made it easy to find out the truth about the people you already know and people you meet! Simply type in a name and select a state!UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Syria has complained to the United Nations that U.S. Republican Senator John McCain, former French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and former U.S. diplomat Peter Galbraith entered the country without visas in violation of its sovereignty. Syria\u0027s U.N. ambassador, Bashar…(Reuters) - The death of Shane Montgomery, a college student whose body was found Saturday in the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia after five weeks of searching, has been ruled accidental, a newspaper reported on Sunday. The Philadelphia Inquirer quoted an uncle of the victim as saying the Medical…Even as investigators work to determine the cause of a plane crash in rural southeastern Kentucky late Friday, the lone survivor, 7-year-old Sailor Gutzler, is being hailed for her remarkably calm thinking and resourcefulness.Dealing with depression? ? Next video starts in : 7 PlayDealing with depressionBoehner Faces House Speaker Challenge as Congress ReturnsBoehner Faces House Speaker Challenge as Congress ReturnsNews16:10Dealing with depressionYahoo Global News Anchor, Katie Couric, chats with comedian, Ruby Wax, about her personal battle with depression that she writes about in her new book \"Sane New World.\" They also discuss how Ruby\u0027s become the \"poster child\" for mental illness in the United Kingdom.25:08Boehner Faces House Speaker Challenge as Congress ReturnsJan. 5 -- Congress returns to Washington D.C. on Tuesday as republicans take control of the House along with the Senate. Bloomberg’s Peter Cook previews the new Congress and their expected political battles with President Barack Obama.31:25Russia is in \u0027distress\u0027Discussing the outlook for Russia, Benoit Anne, head of EM strategy at Societe Generale, says that things for Russia could well get worse, and a sovereign rating downgrade may be the next \u0026quot;bombshell.\u0026quot;40:49Christian clergy offer support to father of captured Jordanian pilotThe Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem and representatives of Jordanian churches visit the family of a Jordanian pilot captured by Islamic State militants last month in Syria. Mana Rabiee reports.50:56Congress ready to battle ObamaU.S. Congress returns to Washington, D.C. this week after a holiday break, ready to square off with President Obama. Jennifer Davis reports.62:39Now I Get It: 4K TV4K TV has been called the future of television viewing. But what exactly is 4K? Katie Couric explains.71:25Producers Guild reveals nominees, \"The Hobbit\" tops box officeThe day\u0026#39;s top showbiz news and headlines including the Producers Guild reveals their nominees, The National Society of Film Critics honors \u0026quot;Goodbye to Language,\u0026quot; and \u0026quot;The Hobbit\u0026quot; tops the box office again. Bob Mezan reports.80:13Anti-PEGIDA Protesters Chant Welcome to RefugeesA reported 5,000 protesters came out in Berlin on Monday, January 5, to show their opposition to an anti-Islam rally in the capital. The anti-Islam protest was organised by the so-called Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident (PEGIDA) movement that opposes the government’s immigration policies, and drew some 200 people in Berlin, according to \u003ca href\u003d\"http://www.rbb-online.de/politik/beitrag/2015/01/bergida-pegida-berlin-brandenburger-tor-gegendemo.html\" target\u003d\"_blank\"\u003ea local news report\u003c/a\u003e.A much larger PEGIDA protest was held in Dresden, with several thousands in attendance. The movement has seen the strongest support in Dresden with Monday marches held regularly. This Monday’s rallies were the first after a New Year’s speech by Chancellor Angela Merkel calling on citizens not to put their support behind the movement. Counter rallies were held in several cities nationwide, including Cologne, Munich, Berlin and Dresden. Here, protesters can be heard chanting, \u0026quot;Say it loud, say it clear, ‘Refugees are welcome here’. \u0026quot; Credit: Instagram/zeitfixierer90:37Ukrainian divers celebrate Christmas underwater with dolphinsUkrainian divers in Odessa celebrate Christmas and New Year with an underwater Christmas tree and champagne, while surrounded by dolphins. Tara Cleary reports.100:06Cologne Cathedral Turns Off Lights in Protest Against IslamophobiaThe lights at Cologne Cathedral were turned off as a signal against Islamophobia and racism, in response to anti-Islamist protests organized by the far-right Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident (PEGIDA) movement across Germany on Monday, January 5.PEGIDA rallies and counter-rallies were held in several cities nationwide with thousands of people joining the anti-Islam march in \u003ca href\u003d\"http://newswire.storyful.com/#/storylines/*/stories/89941\"\u003eDresden\u003c/a\u003e, where support has been strongest with regular Monday marches through the city. This Monday’s protests are the first after Chancellor Angela Merkel’s New Year’s speech calling on citizens not to support the movement. Credit: Instagram/frollein_jottKatie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentMon, Jan 5","h1":"",".title":"Dealing with depressionDealing with depressionComics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsPolice union pushes for cop killings to be included in federal hate crimes lawTemperatures plummeting across the U.S.Bad news for Speaker BoehnerGrand juror in Missouri police shooting case sues prosecutorClass of 2015: Cars Ready to RollProtesters disrupt ceremony for 100-year old Navy vet. Is \u0027uncivil\u0027 disobedience rising?Brother of malnourished NE Ohio toddler dies in foster careToddler trapped in washing machine rescued by firefightersPhotos of the day - January 5, 2015 (38 photos)Working After 62? Your Benefits Will ChangeHidden World War II Battlefields Reveal Germans\u0027 Secret Tactics7-year-old plane crash survivor may help probeInfant found dead in California dumpster after parents shotRunaway N. Korean soldier kills four Chinese: reportsCalifornia Homeowners in for Unexpected SurpriseN.Y. police question son in fatal shooting of hedge fund founderIce likely caused AirAsia crash, Indonesia agency saysPrevious abuse charges against mom accused in girl\u0027s deathIs the U.S. Prepared for a Growing Population of Adults with Autism?#1 WORST Exercise That Ages You Faster‘You have not been helpful’: Monk loses temper dealing with United Airlines customer serviceA look at life in Pakistan (35 photos)US oil prices slip below $50 a barrelTexas murder suspect arrested in Mexico, where 2 more slainForget \u0027Googling\u0027 Their Names, Use This New Site!Syria complains to U.N.: McCain, others illegally entered countryPennsylvania college student\u0027s death ruled accidental drowningPlane crash survivor\u0027s unusual tale: How many 7-year-olds have survival skills?ComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":23,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
