{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Francesca Hilton, daughter of Hollywood icon Zsa Zsa Gabor and the founder of the Hilton hotel empire, has died in Los Angeles aged 67, her publicist said Tuesday. Hilton, the only daughter of Conrad Hilton, died late Monday in Cedars-Sinai hospital after an apparent heart attack or stroke, said…The \"next big thing\" in tech is already in your living room, and these three stocks are poised to explode when cable finally dies.After years of careful White House control over her few public appearances, a mysterious online image of first daughter Malia Obama, 16, has gone viral. The rare glimpse of a personal side of President Barack Obama\u0027s oldest daughter -- sister Sasha is now 14 -- shows her wearing a tee-shirt printed…By Barbara Liston ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - Two Florida sisters, ages 15 and 11, have been charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of their 16-year-old brother, who was killed with a handgun taken from the bedroom of their out-of-town parents, authorities said on Wednesday. The…(Reuters) - A man was shot and killed by Port Columbus International Airport police in Ohio\u0027s state capital on Wednesday, according to an airport official. The shooting occurred in the outdoor departure area of the airport following a \"confrontation\" at around 1 p.m. local time, said airport…When an Italian video journalist set out to see how young boys would react to being asked to hit a girl, he discovered something awe-inspiring. Luca Lavarone, who works for “Fanpage,” conducted the social experiment with boys ranging from 6 to 11 years old in Italy. After having the boys introduce…3 exercises and foods that are making you age faster (very surprising!)BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — A jury at a coroner\u0027s inquest determined Wednesday that a Montana police officer was justified in shooting and killing an unarmed man high on methamphetamine during a traffic stop.Samsung definitely had an off year in 2014, as its Galaxy S5 posted disappointing sales and the company’s overall profits were down significantly. That said, 2015 is a new year and Samsung has an opportunity to make up any ground it lost with what will reportedly be a completely redesigned Galaxy…A man in Italy who was in what doctors call a \"minimally conscious state\" for nearly two years unexpectedly regained full consciousness and the ability to talk, according to a new report of his case. The man woke up after he was given a drug normally used as a sedative before surgery and other…By Richard Weizel STAMFORD, Conn. (Reuters) - Connecticut police on Tuesday were investigating the death of a 25-year-old woman who jumped 80 feet off a moving escalator to her death at the Stamford Center Town Mall the night before. The woman, who police said was from New Canaan, Connecticut, was…Play the top slots from real Vegas casinos. Enjoy Vegas fun in Jackpot Party Casino!A car bomb exploded outside a police college in Yemen\u0027s capital Sanaa on Wednesday, killing about 30 people and wounding more than 50, police sources said, underscoring the country\u0027s deteriorating security and a persistent al Qaeda threat. Sectarian conflict after a 2011 popular uprising that led…By Emily Stephenson and Sarah N. Lynch WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives failed on Wednesday to round up enough votes for a bill scaling back various financial reforms, a surprising defeat in an area conservatives hoped to prioritize this year. Republican Party…By Alex Dobuzinskis (Reuters) - A California judge has dismissed attempted manslaughter and assault charges against a 71-year-old physician who shot a man who followed him to his driveway after a road-rage clash, a spokesman for prosecutors said on Wednesday. Marin County Judge Kelly V. Simmons…LOS ANGELES (AP) — \"American Idol\" is practicing addition and subtraction in its 14th season.If you\u0027re behind on your credit card bill, you may want to consider applying for a personal loan. You could be eligible for loans as high as $35,000.US-led aircraft have dropped nearly 5,000 bombs in the air war against Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria, damaging or destroying more than 3,000 targets including tanks, the Pentagon said Wednesday. The latest figures released by the US military signal a steady expansion in the scale of the…Masked gunmen stormed the Paris offices of a weekly newspaper that caricatured the Prophet Muhammad, methodically killing 12 people Wednesday, including the editor, before escaping in a car. It was France\u0027s deadliest postwar terrorist attack.Gee, who could have seen this coming? Less than a month after T-Mobile announced that it would start letting some of its customers roll over unused mobile data into subsequent pay periods, AT\u0026T has come out with a similar rollover data plan of its own. RELATED: The sneaky brilliance of T-Mobile’s…The resurgence of the American bald eagle seems like the perfect example of successful wildlife conservation. From fewer than 500 breeding pairs in the early 1960s, when federal law first protected the species, recovery efforts have boosted bald eagle numbers to upwards of 10,000 breeding pairs.…Visit this site to sign up for free samples in the mail! No credit card required. No purchase necessary. Sign up to get yours!BRIGHAM CITY, Utah (AP) — The sheriff of a northern Utah county has died, a day after he was sworn into office to serve his third term.BOSTON (Reuters) - A 220-year-old time capsule containing coins, documents and other artifacts left by U.S. founding fathers Samuel Adams and Paul Revere was opened by Massachusetts officials on Tuesday. \"The history of Massachusetts is the history of America,\" Secretary of the Commonwealth William…(Reuters) - A Georgia law enforcement officer found dead in his bed was among four people killed in an apparent murder-suicide that authorities said on Tuesday was likely carried out by his 21-year-old stepson. Paulding County Sheriff\u0027s Corporal Sam Driskell, 52, was believed to have been sleeping…Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiYahoo News ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentWed, Jan 7","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsLive Updates: 12 killed in shooting at satirical newspaper office in ParisCartoonists pay tribute to Charlie Hebdo attack victimsObama touts auto bailout success, Michigan worries about tradeDaughter of Zsa Zsa Gabor, Hilton founder dies at 67The Death Of CableRare glimpse of Obama daughter causes online stirFlorida sisters accused of plotting teenage brother\u0027s shooting deathOne dead following officer-involved shooting at Ohio airportHere\u0027s how a group of boys in Italy responded when asked to hit a girl#1 WORST Exercise That Ages You FasterKilling of unarmed Montana man by police found justifiedGorgeous Galaxy S6 concept gives Samsung a blueprint for reclaiming the smartphone crown2 Years After Car Crash, Man in \u0027Minimally Conscious State\u0027 Suddenly SpeaksConnecticut woman jumps to her death off mall escalatorBest Casino Slots!Deadly car bomb outside of police college in YemenU.S. House fails to pass Republican bill diluting Dodd-Frank reformsCharges dropped for California doctor who shot man after road clashA slimmed-down \u0027American Idol\u0027 returns for season 14Behind on Your Credit Card Bills? Personal Loan!US-led forces drop nearly 5,000 bombs on IS group12 dead in Paris terror attack; Wanted suspects identifiedT-Mobile just got AT\u0026T to follow another of its ‘Un-carrier’ ideasWhy Scientists Say We Shouldn\u0027t Save Some of Your Favorite BirdsPiles of Freebies Are Delivered Every Day!Utah sheriff dies 1 day after being sworn in for 3rd termBridge to the past: Massachusetts opens 220-year-old time capsuleOfficer among four dead in apparent murder-suicide in GeorgiaComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":44,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
