{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"VINELAND, N.J. (AP) — Seven former nurses have been charged with criminal neglect in the case of a woman who needed her hand amputated after a broken finger wasn\u0027t treated properly, officials announced Tuesday.Discover 10 supported reasons why coconut oil can improve or heal your body and mind.SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — A tractor-trailer smashed into two cars and burst into flames on a busy interstate in Georgia on Tuesday, killing five people, and authorities are looking into whether the driver may have fallen asleep.Although only a drill, it represented a glimpse of cooperation and integration among non-Chinese amphibious forces in Asia that the United States is belatedly encouraging. A senior U.S. official told Reuters the-first-of-its-kind gathering also signifies a nudge towards containing China, as Beijing…WACO, Texas (AP) — Theron Rhoten had just pulled into the parking lot on his vintage Harley chopper when the bullets started flying.The United Nations and the United States condemned a mortar attack on the Russian embassy in Damascus that did not, however, cause any known injuries. Joining the condemnation was the United States, which also renewed calls for a political solution to end the bloody Syrian conflict. Earlier in the…Dogs can do some of the absolute worst things around the house, but how can you stay mad at them for long?Beau Biden, a son of U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, has been hospitalized at Walter Reed Army Medical Center outside Washington, the vice president\u0027s office said on Tuesday. Biden, 46, a former Delaware attorney general, is undergoing treatment at the facility. After eight years as attorney…Most probably wouldn’t think of snakes, spiders and lizards as beautiful animals - but these photographs could change some minds. The images show the reptiles seemingly playful sides, from a gleeful looking Budgetts frog, a cheeky leopard sticking out its tongue at the camera and a stack of four…If your son or daughter just graduated high school and needs a desktop or laptop to use for college, then you should really check out what Lenovo is offering. For one day only, Lenovo is taking a huge ax to its prices for assorted computers and is discounting them by up to 50%. FROM EARLIER: Apple…TWIN FALLS, Idaho (AP) — Authorities say a 73-year-old BASE jumper who died after leaping from an Idaho bridge had set his parachute on fire as part of a stunt.Watch what happens next when this guy tries to load his brand new truck!A deadly biker brawl in Waco, Texas apparently was set off when a motorcycle gang showed up uninvited at a gathering of rival biker groups, police said. Authorities said they are still piecing together the events that led up to Sunday\u0027s bloodbath at the Twin Peaks Sports Bar and Grill that involved…CANNES, France (AP) — The wait was worth it: Aishwarya Rai\u0027s return to Cannes with her first film in five years got a boost when the beauty made a splashy appearance in a ruby red number and smoky eyes.As the wind whistles through half-finished skyscrapers and over empty boulevards, a development billed as China\u0027s answer to Manhattan at times bears out the \"ghost town\" label some have given it. Chinese officials hope the towers of the Yujiapu Financial District will one day house a trading centre…The Golden State Warriors won their first game against the Rockets, but in the end it was Curry\u0027s daughter Riley who stole the show.She Took Some Nail Polish And Painted Her Windshield?? This Is So Helpful. You probably never thought to do this... so you\u0027re welcome...By Louis Charbonneau and Sam Wilkin UNITED NATIONS/DUBAI (Reuters) - U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday announced talks between warring Yemeni parties in Geneva on May 28 to end over seven weeks of war, as Iran agreed for international inspections of an aid ship sailing to Yemen. Sunni Muslim…By James Pearson SEOUL (Reuters) - Photographs showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists and the country may be years away from developing such technology, analysts and a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday. North Korea, sanctioned by…JOHANNESBURG (AP) — \"There was nothing in life I could do without Jayde by my side,\" the South African businessman said in his eulogy to his murdered wife.Ashwini Raut leads a healthy, happy life right now—she flies through her daily routine in her hometown in rural Maharashtra, India, will soon be getting married, and is planning for a family. If she doesn’t supplement her diet, she’ll be susceptible to iodine deficiency disorders, which could lead…Few people dare to explore the eerie places that would scare most people to death. One man did but instantly regretted.TULSA, Okla. (AP) — An Oklahoma woman accused of slashing the corpse of her boyfriend\u0027s ex-girlfriend at a funeral home viewing last month was taken back into custody Monday after bond was set on an additional charge accusing her of removing body parts of the dead woman.Air strikes by a US-led coalition against the Islamic State group in northeastern Syria have killed around 170 jihadists in the past 48 hours, a monitoring group said Tuesday. \"The jihadists were killed in the past 48 hours in the province of Hasakeh, nearly all of them in very intense air strikes…PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Two brothers charged with killing a Philadelphia police officer during a shootout inside a video game store each struck the officer with a potentially lethal shot, prosecutors said Wednesday as the suspects waived their preliminary hearing.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative CorrespondentWed, May 20","h1":"",".title":"Comics","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsCrisis in California: Innovative technologies under development for cleaning up oil spillsBin Laden fixated on attacking U.S. interests: documentsAbout 1,000 weapons found at scene of deadly Texas gang fight7 ex-nurses indicted after broken finger leads to amputation10 Amazing Ways Coconut Oil Could Change Your LifePolice chief: 5 dead in crash on interstate near SavannahU.S.-Asia amphibious forces gathering signals nudge to China containmentWife of biker inmate: Some arrested in Texas are innocentUN, US condemn Russian embassy attack in Damascus19 Obviously Guilty Dogs Who Are So CuteBeau Biden, U.S. vice president\u0027s son, hospitalizedLife on white (20 photos)Huge sale: Lenovo is slashing desktop and laptop prices by up to 50% for 1 day only73-year-old BASE jumper dies after setting parachute on fireLoading a Truck Goes Horribly Wrong!Uninvited bikers, turf wars led to deadly Texas brawlCANNES WATCH: Aishwarya Rai stuns, DiCaprio spends bigFew signs of life in \u0027China\u0027s Manhattan\u0027Steph Curry\u0027s daughter Riley enjoys the spotlightShe Took Some Nail Polish And Did WHAT?U.N. announces Yemen talks, Iran to allow ship inspectionNorth Korea modified submarine missile launch photos, says U.S. officialSouth Africa has new sensational murder caseThe Little Red Dot Saving Lives in IndiaMan Who Explored Empty Cabin Wishes He Hadn\u0027tWoman accused of removing dead rival\u0027s body parts rearrestedUS-led strikes in Syria kill 170 IS jihadists in 48 hours: monitorDA: Both gunmen fired potentially lethal shots at officerComicsFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":37,"second":37},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
