{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"After his arrest on Wednesday, Bill Cosby surfaced on Twitter.Attention Walmart shoppers, did you realize the craziest aspect of the store isn’t the clothing selections?NEW YORK (AP) — A falling elevator trapped and crushed a man to death on New Year\u0027s Eve, and witnesses said he helped a woman to safety and before losing his own life.America was left guessing after a tantalizing near-revelation in the latest batch of Hillary Clinton\u0027s emails to be made public. The State Department has been releasing the totality of Clinton\u0027s work emails from her time as US top diplomat, amounting to tens of thousands of missives peppered with…President Barack Obama, frustrated by Congress\u0027 inaction on gun control, will meet with U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday to discuss ways of reducing gun violence unilaterally through measures that do not require congressional approval. Obama, in his weekly recorded address, said on…ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Scores of police officers, firefighters and volunteers searched Friday for a 5-year-old boy with autism who wandered away from a New Year\u0027s Eve party barefoot and coatless.Retirement is supposed to be relaxing and fun. We searched for the 10 best cities for retirement. You might be surprised by the results!Welcome to 2016! A lot is going to change in the New Year. We\u0027ll elect a new president, and we\u0027ll see tons of progress across every corner of the consumer technology industry beginning next week at CES 2016. Some things won\u0027t change though, and you\u0027ll be happy to know that one thing that\u0027s sure to…Rockets fired by Palestinians in the Gaza Strip hit southern Israel on Friday, without causing casualties or damage, the Israeli army said. \"Moments ago multiple rockets were fired at Israel from the Gaza Strip,\" a statement read. A military spokeswoman told AFP that two rockets hit Israel, with no…\"It is denying women the basic right.\"Mere hours after Chicago rang in 2016 with fireworks along its famous riverwalk, the city reported its first homicide.A 24-year-old man was shot in the chest a few minutes after 2 a.m. in Chicago\u0027s Bronzeville neighborhood, according to police. He was pronounced dead at the scene and the shooter is…Men, reduce the look of wrinkles, sagging skin and fine lines with this affordable and effective skin tightening treatment without leaving your home.A gunman opened fire at a bar in Tel Aviv today, killing at least two people and injuring several others, according to police. The shooter is believed to still be on the loose. Israel Police Spokesman Superintendent Micky Rosenfeld posted updates on Twitter, noting that police are…LOS ANGELES (AP) — Wayne Rogers, whose Trapper John McIntyre alongside Alan Alda\u0027s Hawkeye Pierce brought mischief, martinis and meatball surgery to the masses in the 1970s every week on \"M.A.S.H.,\" has died.The following account is written by a field coordinator for Liberty in North Korea, an international NGO that assists in the rescue and resettlement of North Korean refugees. This account contains elements from several missions. This is the life of a field coordinator for Liberty in North Korea, an…By Diana Crandall PASADENA, Calif. (Reuters) - Five planes flew over the annual Rose Parade in Pasadena, California, on Friday writing messages in the sky that included \"America is great! Trump is disgusting. Anybody but Trump, US,\" as onlookers craned their necks for a view. It was not immediately…This fuel is so revolutionary, it\u0027s poised to decimate Big Oil\u0027s obscene profits, make OPEC obsolete, \u0026 hand the U.S. 100% energy independence...ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — The death of a man whose plane clipped one building before smashing into another in the heart of downtown Anchorage was a suicide, a spokeswoman for his family said Friday.Technically Incorrect: Appearing in the popular Web series \"Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee,\" the president and Jerry Seinfeld are almost funnier than Bill Gates and Seinfeld.Iran\u0027s Revolutionary Guards have so many missiles they don\u0027t know where to hide them, a senior commander said at Friday prayers, after the United States threatened to impose fresh sanctions. \"We lack enough space in our stockpiles to house our missiles,\" said General Hossein Salami, the Guards\u0027…German police Friday lifted an alert of an imminent attack in Munich, hours after evacuating two key train stations over fears jihadists were planning a New Year suicide bomb assault. Officials had said they were tipped off about a plot by the Islamic State group to strike at the southern German…Rates now at 2.97% in CALIFORNIA - $225K mortgage for $904/mo. Process is easy and quotes are free! (2.97% APR 5/1 ARM). Calculate new payment now.This new calculation might give a more accurate prediction of mortality risk.FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — Lawyers for a Texas teen who cited \"affluenza\" as a defense in a deadly drunken-driving wreck may be attempting to stall his deportation to the United States by claiming that Mexican authorities violated his human rights, according to legal experts.A suspected ISIS terror threat in Munich, Germany prompted officials to evacuate train stations, and a suspected terror plot in the U.S. ended in an arrest on New Year\u0027s Eve.Katie CouricGlobal News AnchorMatt BaiNational Political ColumnistMichael IsikoffChief Investigative Correspondent","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Recommended GamesWhat to read next","h3":"Follow Yahoo NewsNatalie Cole, Grammy Winning Singer, Has DiedWhat Congress Has Planned for 2016Rubio is not a Republican Obama, and that’s his problemBill Cosby Just Sent a Tweet to His Fans After Wednesday Arrest — and It Totally Backfired25 Jaw-Dropping Walmart Shoppers Caught On CameraMan is crushed to death by falling elevator in New York CityClinton emails (almost) name \u0027biggest jerk\u0027 in US diplomacyObama, frustrated by Congress, plans unilateral gun control stepsPennsylvania boy, 5, vanishes from party without coat, shoes10 Best Retirement Cities In CaliforniaAmazon’s 10 best deals of the day for January 1Gaza rockets strike Israel: armyA Pregnant Woman Is Suing a Catholic Hospital for a Troubling Reason — And She\u0027s Not AloneChicago Rings in New Year With First HomicideHow Older Men Tighten Their SkinDeadly attack in Tel Aviv, Israel (19 photos)Wayne Rogers, Trapper John on \u0027M.A.S.H.,\u0027 dies at 82For North Korean Refugees, What Happens After the Escape?Skywriters target Trump in aerial Rose Parade protestThis New Fuel Will Kill Big Oil As Soon As 2016Family spokeswoman: Alaska plane crash was a suicidePresident Obama is funny getting coffee with Jerry SeinfeldIran has more missiles than it can hide: GeneralGermany lifts high alert after terror scare in Munich (18 photos)California Mortgage Rates Take Huge Dip- 2.97% APRBody Mass Index Is Officially Over — Here\u0027s What Should Take Its Place\u0027Affluenza\u0027 teen may delay deportation with human rights lawTerror plot in U.S. leads to arrest; Germany on alert after threatFollow Yahoo News",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2016,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":30,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://news.yahoo.com/"}
