{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"\u003cimg border\u003d\"0\" src\u003d\"/web/20040713083204im_/http://www.latimes.com/extras/classrail/topper.gif\" width\u003d\"120\" height\u003d\"32\"\u003e\u003cbr\u003e","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 13 2003 2004 2005 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 13 2003 2004 2005JUN JUL AUG132003 2004 200522,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16     Home | Home Delivery | Site Map | Archives | Print Edition | Advertise | Contact Us | Help         Join now!    ? MyNews    ? Crosswords    ? Archives    ? Newsletter   Weather is not available for the ZIP code you selected.   Change your ZIP   Forecast    Freeway Watch    Check your commute ? Find a Job ? Find a Car ? Find a Home ? Find an Apartment ? More Classifieds newspaper ads merchant ads find a business find a service Find grocery coupons find a date  Art, Theater, Night Life   Movies, Music, TV, Dining     The World   The Nation   California | Local   Business   Politics|Election 2004   Sports   Travel   Editorials, Op-Ed   Sections   Arts \u0026 Entertainment Books Chess Columns Education Environment Food Health Highway 1 Home Kids\u0027 Reading Room Magazine Obituaries Outdoors Real Estate Religion Science \u0026 Medicine Style \u0026 Culture Sunday Opinion Technology Times Poll Corrections   Editions   Print Edition National (PDF) Wireless   Extras   College Connection Sweepstakes Crossword Horoscope Lottery Multimedia Traffic Weather Week in Focus   Archives   Enter Keyword(s):   Detailed Search     SITE MAP       ? Subscribe ? Manage My Account ? Gift Subscription ? College Discount ? Mail Subscriptions     ? Times in Education ? Reading by 9 ? LA Times Books ? Student Journalism ? LA Times Family Fund ? Times-Mirror Foundation ? LA Times Events           ? Find a Job ? Find a Car ? Find a Home ? Find an Apartment ? More Classifieds ? Place an Ad     ? Newspaper Ads ? Grocery Coupons ? Personals ? Times Guides ? Recycler.com   Partners   Tuesday, July 13, 2004 | 1:32 AM PDT Immigrants board a plane in Tucson headed for Mexico City. (Getty Images) A One-Way Ticket to Mexico By Chris Kraul Officials say using planes to take illegal Mexican immigrants home will discourage attempts to sneak back. Shredding in the Suburbs By Ellen Barry Camp puts parent-approved heavy metal riffs on kids\u0027 summer plans.     Deal Gives State Prison Guards Millions in Benefits By Dan Morain Schwarzenegger ceded powers to the influential union and agreed to new perks in winning a delay in a pay raise. Forest Rules to Pave Way for Roads By Bettina Boxall Bush plan would sweep aside Clinton policy that protected 58.5 million acres of federal land. Resentment in \u0027Little Falloujas\u0027 By Patrick J. McDonnell and Suhail Ahmed Towns in the \"Sunni Triangle\" are home to people embittered by the U.S.-led forces in Iraq. Bush Defends Reasons for War By Maura Reynolds President says his policies have made the U.S. safer and that perceived threats will be targeted. Escalating the War on Cholesterol By Rosie Mestel National guidelines are urging more aggressive drug treatment to lessen risk of a heart attack.  California Wind and Heat Fan Wildfires in 2 Forest Zones By Matthew Lopas and Zeke Minaya One chars 4,000 acres near Palm Springs. The other burns 2,000 and threatens homes north of Santa Clarita. It\u0027s early for containment. Democrats Seek Budget Advantage Mobile Home Park Ordered to Let Buses Pick Up Disabled Students More: CALIFORNIA Orange Co. S.F. Valley Ventura Co. Inland Emp.  Sports Johnson Opens Door to a Trade By Bill Shaikin Diamondback ace says he\u0027s willing to agree to a deal if sent to a potential World Series team. Dodgers, Angels are expected to pursue him. Days of Wine and Closure for Buss, Lakers Phelps Shows Mettle for This Marathon More: SPORTS Scores Columns Lakers Tennis Angels Dodgers Galaxy Olympics  Business Shareholder Plan a Flash Point for SEC By Jonathan Peterson The agency is fending off fire from both sides as it moves to reform corporate elections. Home Prices Continue to Soar in L.A. County Damage Cap Hits Some Hard Panel Rejects Allergan Drug More: BUSINESS Advertising Entertainment Money Stocks Taxes Technology Workplace Topics  Politics Democrats Seek Budget Advantage By Evan Halper Responding to a perceived lack of leadership from Schwarzenegger, legislators push their own agendas. Kerry Camp Dominates in Ads Networks Limit Convention Time More: POLITICS Election 2004  Electoral Vote Tracker  Times Poll  Nation Many Denied Right to Counsel, Group Says By Henry Weinstein A defense attorneys\u0027 panel is launching a committee to address the lack of legal help promised by the 1963 Gideon ruling. Sinkhole Swallows Up 23-Acre Lake, Leaving Homeowners Low and Dry Soldier in Prison Scandal Gets August Hearing More: NATION  World Sharon Seeks Alliance With Rival Faction By Laura King The Israeli prime minister\u0027s overture to Labor -- a bid to save his Gaza pullout plan -- triggers an outcry within his Likud Party. Killing of Forbes Russia Editor May Be Tied to List of Wealthy Doctors Say Pact Threatens AIDS Progress More: WORLD  AP News Bush Courting Voters in Upper Midwest Philippines Says Iraq Troops to Be Pulled Blackout Hits Athens Month Before Olympics White House Proposes Lifting Logging Rule More: AP News  Times Editorials Kerry-Edwards Stonewall Reload the Assault Gun Ban Let Voters Decide Tax Hike More: EDITORIALS  Commentary Looking Good in Politics: Let\u0027s Face the Truth By Emily Yoffe Fact of the Matter Is That Facts Didn\u0027t Matter Robert Scheer Mr. President, Pardon Jack Johnson More: COMMENTARY  Outdoors Why kick the river\u0027s rush? By Ashley Powers Their watery workplace can get chaotic. Yet guides keep kissing off commitment to overindulge in the river life\u0027s rapid rewards. PHOTO GALLERY: River guides Space invader \u0027Cheatgrass\u0027 messes with the Great Basin\u0027s flora -- and throws the food chain out of whack. More: OUTDOORS Wild West          Fair Game        Outdoors Institute Passion trumps predictability By Patrick Goldstein THE BIG PICTURE: Michael Moore and Mel Gibson will be remembered for making the two most impassioned, most profitable and most influential movies of the year. \u0027THE DAYS\u0027: New advertising model dawns SWED: Shtick clouds Terfel\u0027s splendor REVIEW: Hannelore Baron at Cal State Long Beach Museum THEATER REVIEWS: A Shakespeare cycle at the Old Globe MUSIC: Bowl is alive with theater  Art     Theater     Night Life     Movies     Music    Television       Dining       Books       Family  Health Top care, top dollar By Hilary E. MacGregor Tailored physical exams offer high-tech screenings -- plus an emphasis on wellness. Prostate, sex link intrigues scientists Making it easier to work out at work More: HEALTH Medicine       Fitness       Nutrition       Resources  Travel Palau: Be seated or submerged By Rosemary McClure The islands with dazzling undersea life are little known to Americans, or anyone else. Postcards From Paris ONLINE JOURNAL: Readers respond to Susan Spano\u0027s experiences in the City of Light. More: TRAVEL Deals       Fares     Gear \u0026 Gadgets Newsletter       Tips     Travel Insider  Multimedia Week in Focus FLASH: Selected images from Times photographers for the week of July 5 - July 11. More: MULTIMEDIA  Real Estate Not the buying kind By Jeff Bertolucci The usual attractions of owning a home -- appreciation and a tax write-off -- aren\u0027t incentive enough for some renters who can afford to purchase but prefer to lease. He goes whole 9 yards By Ruth Ryon HOT PROPERTY: Bruce Willis has purchased a Beverly Hills estate for about $9 million. Canyon homes and that famous ZIP Code More: REAL ESTATE Fact of the Matter Is That Facts Didn\u0027t Matter Trading tomorrow to eat today In Ethiopia, scraping together one meal often comes at the expense of providing for the next. Phelps Shows Mettle for This Marathon a d v e r t i s e m e n t \u003cimg border\u003d\"0\" src\u003d\"/web/20040713083204im_/http://www.latimes.com/extras/classrail/topper.gif\" width\u003d\"120\" height\u003d\"32\"\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   Join now!   ? MyNews    ? Crosswords    ? Archives    ? Newsletter  Weather is not available for the ZIP code you selected.   Change your ZIP   Forecast   Freeway Watch    Check your commute? Find a Job ? Find a Car ? Find a Home ? Find an Apartment ? More Classifieds newspaper ads merchant ads find a business find a service Find grocery coupons find a date? Find a Job ? Find a Car ? Find a Home ? Find an Apartment ? More Classifieds newspaper ads merchant ads find a business find a service Find grocery coupons find a datenewspaper ads merchant adsfind a business find a servicefind a date Art, Theater, Night Life   Movies, Music, TV, Dining   The World  The Nation  California | Local  Business  Politics|Election 2004  Sports  Travel  Editorials, Op-Ed  Sections  Arts \u0026 Entertainment Books Chess Columns Education Environment Food Health Highway 1 Home Kids\u0027 Reading Room Magazine Obituaries Outdoors Real Estate Religion Science \u0026 Medicine Style \u0026 Culture Sunday Opinion Technology Times Poll Corrections  Editions  Print Edition National (PDF) Wireless  Extras  College Connection Sweepstakes Crossword Horoscope Lottery Multimedia Traffic Weather Week in Focus  Archives  Enter Keyword(s):   Detailed Search    SITE MAP     ? Subscribe ? Manage My Account ? Gift Subscription ? College Discount ? Mail Subscriptions    ? Times in Education ? Reading by 9 ? LA Times Books ? Student Journalism ? LA Times Family Fund ? Times-Mirror Foundation ? LA Times Events         ? Find a Job ? Find a Car ? Find a Home ? Find an Apartment ? More Classifieds ? Place an Ad    ? Newspaper Ads ? Grocery Coupons ? Personals ? Times Guides ? Recycler.com  Partners Immigrants board a plane in Tucson headed for Mexico City. (Getty Images) A One-Way Ticket to Mexico By Chris Kraul Officials say using planes to take illegal Mexican immigrants home will discourage attempts to sneak back. Shredding in the Suburbs By Ellen Barry Camp puts parent-approved heavy metal riffs on kids\u0027 summer plans.     Deal Gives State Prison Guards Millions in Benefits By Dan Morain Schwarzenegger ceded powers to the influential union and agreed to new perks in winning a delay in a pay raise. Forest Rules to Pave Way for Roads By Bettina Boxall Bush plan would sweep aside Clinton policy that protected 58.5 million acres of federal land. Resentment in \u0027Little Falloujas\u0027 By Patrick J. McDonnell and Suhail Ahmed Towns in the \"Sunni Triangle\" are home to people embittered by the U.S.-led forces in Iraq. Bush Defends Reasons for War By Maura Reynolds President says his policies have made the U.S. safer and that perceived threats will be targeted. Escalating the War on Cholesterol By Rosie Mestel National guidelines are urging more aggressive drug treatment to lessen risk of a heart attack. California Wind and Heat Fan Wildfires in 2 Forest Zones By Matthew Lopas and Zeke Minaya One chars 4,000 acres near Palm Springs. The other burns 2,000 and threatens homes north of Santa Clarita. It\u0027s early for containment. Democrats Seek Budget Advantage Mobile Home Park Ordered to Let Buses Pick Up Disabled Students More: CALIFORNIA Orange Co. S.F. Valley Ventura Co. Inland Emp.  Sports Johnson Opens Door to a Trade By Bill Shaikin Diamondback ace says he\u0027s willing to agree to a deal if sent to a potential World Series team. Dodgers, Angels are expected to pursue him. Days of Wine and Closure for Buss, Lakers Phelps Shows Mettle for This Marathon More: SPORTS Scores Columns Lakers Tennis Angels Dodgers Galaxy Olympics  Business Shareholder Plan a Flash Point for SEC By Jonathan Peterson The agency is fending off fire from both sides as it moves to reform corporate elections. Home Prices Continue to Soar in L.A. County Damage Cap Hits Some Hard Panel Rejects Allergan Drug More: BUSINESS Advertising Entertainment Money Stocks Taxes Technology Workplace Topics  Politics Democrats Seek Budget Advantage By Evan Halper Responding to a perceived lack of leadership from Schwarzenegger, legislators push their own agendas. Kerry Camp Dominates in Ads Networks Limit Convention Time More: POLITICS Election 2004  Electoral Vote Tracker  Times Poll  Nation Many Denied Right to Counsel, Group Says By Henry Weinstein A defense attorneys\u0027 panel is launching a committee to address the lack of legal help promised by the 1963 Gideon ruling. Sinkhole Swallows Up 23-Acre Lake, Leaving Homeowners Low and Dry Soldier in Prison Scandal Gets August Hearing More: NATION  World Sharon Seeks Alliance With Rival Faction By Laura King The Israeli prime minister\u0027s overture to Labor -- a bid to save his Gaza pullout plan -- triggers an outcry within his Likud Party. Killing of Forbes Russia Editor May Be Tied to List of Wealthy Doctors Say Pact Threatens AIDS Progress More: WORLD  AP News Bush Courting Voters in Upper Midwest Philippines Says Iraq Troops to Be Pulled Blackout Hits Athens Month Before Olympics White House Proposes Lifting Logging Rule More: AP News  Times Editorials Kerry-Edwards Stonewall Reload the Assault Gun Ban Let Voters Decide Tax Hike More: EDITORIALS  Commentary Looking Good in Politics: Let\u0027s Face the Truth By Emily Yoffe Fact of the Matter Is That Facts Didn\u0027t Matter Robert Scheer Mr. President, Pardon Jack Johnson More: COMMENTARY  Outdoors Why kick the river\u0027s rush? By Ashley Powers Their watery workplace can get chaotic. Yet guides keep kissing off commitment to overindulge in the river life\u0027s rapid rewards. PHOTO GALLERY: River guides Space invader \u0027Cheatgrass\u0027 messes with the Great Basin\u0027s flora -- and throws the food chain out of whack. More: OUTDOORS Wild West          Fair Game        Outdoors Institute Passion trumps predictability By Patrick Goldstein THE BIG PICTURE: Michael Moore and Mel Gibson will be remembered for making the two most impassioned, most profitable and most influential movies of the year. \u0027THE DAYS\u0027: New advertising model dawns SWED: Shtick clouds Terfel\u0027s splendor REVIEW: Hannelore Baron at Cal State Long Beach Museum THEATER REVIEWS: A Shakespeare cycle at the Old Globe MUSIC: Bowl is alive with theater  Art     Theater     Night Life     Movies     Music    Television       Dining       Books       Family  Health Top care, top dollar By Hilary E. MacGregor Tailored physical exams offer high-tech screenings -- plus an emphasis on wellness. Prostate, sex link intrigues scientists Making it easier to work out at work More: HEALTH Medicine       Fitness       Nutrition       Resources  Travel Palau: Be seated or submerged By Rosemary McClure The islands with dazzling undersea life are little known to Americans, or anyone else. Postcards From Paris ONLINE JOURNAL: Readers respond to Susan Spano\u0027s experiences in the City of Light. More: TRAVEL Deals       Fares     Gear \u0026 Gadgets Newsletter       Tips     Travel Insider  Multimedia Week in Focus FLASH: Selected images from Times photographers for the week of July 5 - July 11. More: MULTIMEDIA  Real Estate Not the buying kind By Jeff Bertolucci The usual attractions of owning a home -- appreciation and a tax write-off -- aren\u0027t incentive enough for some renters who can afford to purchase but prefer to lease. He goes whole 9 yards By Ruth Ryon HOT PROPERTY: Bruce Willis has purchased a Beverly Hills estate for about $9 million. Canyon homes and that famous ZIP Code More: REAL ESTATE CaliforniaOrange Co. S.F. Valley Ventura Co. Inland Emp. SportsScores Columns Lakers TennisAngels Dodgers Galaxy Olympics BusinessAdvertising Entertainment Money StocksTaxes Technology Workplace Topics PoliticsElection 2004  Electoral Vote Tracker  Times Poll Nation World AP News Times Editorials Commentary OutdoorsWhy kick the river\u0027s rush? By Ashley Powers Their watery workplace can get chaotic. Yet guides keep kissing off commitment to overindulge in the river life\u0027s rapid rewards. PHOTO GALLERY: River guides Space invader \u0027Cheatgrass\u0027 messes with the Great Basin\u0027s flora -- and throws the food chain out of whack.Wild West          Fair Game        Outdoors InstitutePassion trumps predictability By Patrick Goldstein THE BIG PICTURE: Michael Moore and Mel Gibson will be remembered for making the two most impassioned, most profitable and most influential movies of the year. \u0027THE DAYS\u0027: New advertising model dawns SWED: Shtick clouds Terfel\u0027s splendor REVIEW: Hannelore Baron at Cal State Long Beach Museum THEATER REVIEWS: A Shakespeare cycle at the Old Globe MUSIC: Bowl is alive with theater  Art     Theater     Night Life     Movies     Music    Television       Dining       Books       FamilyPassion trumps predictability By Patrick Goldstein THE BIG PICTURE: Michael Moore and Mel Gibson will be remembered for making the two most impassioned, most profitable and most influential movies of the year. \u0027THE DAYS\u0027: New advertising model dawns SWED: Shtick clouds Terfel\u0027s splendor REVIEW: Hannelore Baron at Cal State Long Beach Museum THEATER REVIEWS: A Shakespeare cycle at the Old Globe MUSIC: Bowl is alive with theater  Art     Theater     Night Life     Movies     Music    Television       Dining       Books       Family Art     Theater     Night Life     Movies     Music    Television       Dining       Books       Family HealthMedicine       Fitness       Nutrition       Resources TravelPostcards From Paris ONLINE JOURNAL: Readers respond to Susan Spano\u0027s experiences in the City of Light.Deals       Fares     Gear \u0026 GadgetsNewsletter       Tips     Travel Insider MultimediaWeek in Focus FLASH: Selected images from Times photographers for the week of July 5 - July 11. Real EstateHe goes whole 9 yards By Ruth Ryon HOT PROPERTY: Bruce Willis has purchased a Beverly Hills estate for about $9 million.Trading tomorrow to eat today In Ethiopia, scraping together one meal often comes at the expense of providing for the next.Trading tomorrow to eat today In Ethiopia, scraping together one meal often comes at the expense of providing for the next.a d v e r t i s e m e n t \u003cimg border\u003d\"0\" src\u003d\"/web/20040713083204im_/http://www.latimes.com/extras/classrail/topper.gif\" width\u003d\"120\" height\u003d\"32\"\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Copyright 2004 Los Angeles Times By visiting this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy Terms of Service.","article":""},"timeStamp":20040713083204,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
