{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 6 2005 2006 2007 22,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 6 2005 2006 2007NOV DEC JAN62005 2006 200722,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16  HOME DELIVERY 6:13 PM PST, December 5, 2006 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition What is RSS? Calendarlive Travel West Magazine House \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe to L.A. Times (Rick Loomis / LAT) Pooch on a pedestal PHOTOS: All the primping and practice pays off for one lucky dog at the AKC/Eukanuba National Championship in Long Beach. MORE NEWS - Court OKs Hawaiians-1st admission policy - NYC bans trans fats in restaurants - Extended dry spell stokes wildfires Gates gets unanimous approval of Senate panel By Peter Spiegel and Julian E. Barnes | 2:20 p.m. Bush\u0027s choice for Secretary of Defense is cleared on a 21-0 vote after telling committee the U.S. is not winning in Iraq. | VIDEO Jamba Juice warns of contamination By Associated Press | 1:20 p.m. Potentially deadly bacteria may have been served in certain Southern California smoothies. | VIDEO A molester in his neighborhood By Peter Y. Hong Signs bring an unsettling reality home. Some want to drive him out, but a father needs to hear him out. Actor was at wheel in fatal crash By Times Staff Writers Officials probe why 3 teens were with Lane Garrison when his SUV hit a tree, killing a 17-year-old. | VIDEO Tailing an elusive songbird The little gnatcatcher appears to be returning to Palos Verdes after efforts to restore its coastal scrub habitat. Monster with morals The character made famous by Anthony Hopkins is back in a new novel. See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Jamba Juice warns consumers about smoothie contamination - Actor was driving in fatal crash - Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal Blogs - CA POLITICS: Another run at redistricting reform - LAKERS: Winning Ugly - CLIPPERS: 48 Strong - VEGAS: Shameless plug, Beacher-style - STYLES: Speaking Leo\u0027s language - SCHOOL ME: Cracking the UC admissions essay code California/Local - On his block, a molester - Art historian hired to direct the Getty - Man held in DUI had badge issued by Dymally, police say Sports - Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal - Maddux signs two-year deal with Padres; Drew joins Red Sox - Angels have little chance to get Ramirez or LaRoche Business - Struggling Yahoo to shuffle management - Pfizer\u0027s disappointment may lead to progress - Firm settles charges over gift abuse National - Teens try cough medicine for a high - Nevada high court to debate judicial ethics - Conservative Sen. Brownback explores presidential run World - Pentagon resists pleas for help in Afghan opium fight - Bolton resigns from U.N. post - Chavez wins a third term and keeps up anti-U.S. rhetoric AP News - Gates OK\u0027d for Defense by Senate Panel - Al-Maliki to Call for Regional Meeting - Fiji\u0027s Ousted Leader Leaves Capital - World Powers Fail to Reach Iran Accord - Search Continues for Man Missing in Ore. Obituaries - Margaret Alexander Parker, 48; Raised millions for GOP candidates - Leonard Freed, 77; photographer covered unrest around the world - Mostafa Mesbahzadeh, 97; exiled publisher of Iranian newspapers ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Settling to hide the truth Op-Ed: Mahony\u0027s $60 million settlement will obscure the truth about alleged molestation. Opinion L.A.: Ambassador Rick Santorum? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Daily vitamin: Is it really necessary? We\u0027re told the multivitamin is a prudent backup to the American diet. Here\u0027s how to decide for yourself. - Keep up to speed with practical gadgets Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style Nicole Richie\u0027s messy break-up The aftermath of the celebrity\u0027s split with her stylist, Rachel Zoe, has been anything but chic. - Gucci and Prada for kids? Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture What L.A. gave the world SPECIAL SECTION: The dream. The sprawl. The wheels. The games. The edge. The scandal. The food. The future. - Scaled-down La Scala Travel Las Vegas | Special Issue The ultimate low roller\u0027s guide to the gambling mecca. Uptown style on a downtown budget. - Hotel deals you can dig, baby Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers. Entertainment News The \u0027N-word\u0027: Use it? Or lose it? For comedians, a word\u0027s black-and-white jolt isn\u0027t black and white. PHOTO GALLERY - \u0027Borat\u0027 lawsuit to be refiled in NYC The Envelope: Mary J. Blige tops Billboard Awards Listings: MOVIES | TV | MUSIC | DINING | ART | STAGE ADVERTISEMENT L.A. TIMES QUICK LINKS - Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings Special Section Find seasonal events, gift ideas and more in our special section. CLASSIFIEDS Find Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent Foreclosures Popular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All Classifieds Place an Ad  |  Buy a local link    LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 77° | 48° Clear Wed 76° | 50° Clear \u003e\u003e 5-day forecast House \u0026 Garden A high-concept hacienda A couple\u0027s Westside compound combines classic elements of ancient courtyards with a Modernist\u0027s love of glass and light. - This beauty shows its colors early Home Improvement information from preferred advertisers. Real Estate Jump-start that sale The first step on the fastest route to \u0027sold\u0027 is pinpointing the right price. - Ashlee Simpson decided it was just too big Home Search | Find an Apartment West Magazine Can This Cow Make You Sick? After children become ill from a virulent bacteria, a hunt is launched for the culprit. - Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: For Sale: 1 Couch L.A. Wheels Creative energy VIDEO The centennial Los Angeles Auto Show opens on today. It\u0027s taken only 100 years to get it right. - Car show gets boost from new date Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth? Food When the pasta met the cheese It\u0027s an Italian pairing ripe for reinvention -- with American flair. - The sweet side of bitter greens Times 125th Anniversary Special Sections STRIVERS | FASHION | HIGHER EDUCATION SPORTS | HOMES | HOLLYWOOD | CARS | CULTURE: What L.A. gave the world Buy a link Local Ads(Rick Loomis / LAT) Pooch on a pedestal PHOTOS: All the primping and practice pays off for one lucky dog at the AKC/Eukanuba National Championship in Long Beach. MORE NEWS - Court OKs Hawaiians-1st admission policy - NYC bans trans fats in restaurants - Extended dry spell stokes wildfires Gates gets unanimous approval of Senate panel By Peter Spiegel and Julian E. Barnes | 2:20 p.m. Bush\u0027s choice for Secretary of Defense is cleared on a 21-0 vote after telling committee the U.S. is not winning in Iraq. | VIDEO Jamba Juice warns of contamination By Associated Press | 1:20 p.m. Potentially deadly bacteria may have been served in certain Southern California smoothies. | VIDEO A molester in his neighborhood By Peter Y. Hong Signs bring an unsettling reality home. Some want to drive him out, but a father needs to hear him out. Actor was at wheel in fatal crash By Times Staff Writers Officials probe why 3 teens were with Lane Garrison when his SUV hit a tree, killing a 17-year-old. | VIDEOTailing an elusive songbird The little gnatcatcher appears to be returning to Palos Verdes after efforts to restore its coastal scrub habitat. Monster with morals The character made famous by Anthony Hopkins is back in a new novel.See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Jamba Juice warns consumers about smoothie contamination - Actor was driving in fatal crash - Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal Blogs - CA POLITICS: Another run at redistricting reform - LAKERS: Winning Ugly - CLIPPERS: 48 Strong - VEGAS: Shameless plug, Beacher-style - STYLES: Speaking Leo\u0027s language - SCHOOL ME: Cracking the UC admissions essay code California/Local - On his block, a molester - Art historian hired to direct the Getty - Man held in DUI had badge issued by Dymally, police say Sports - Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal - Maddux signs two-year deal with Padres; Drew joins Red Sox - Angels have little chance to get Ramirez or LaRoche Business - Struggling Yahoo to shuffle management - Pfizer\u0027s disappointment may lead to progress - Firm settles charges over gift abuse National - Teens try cough medicine for a high - Nevada high court to debate judicial ethics - Conservative Sen. Brownback explores presidential run World - Pentagon resists pleas for help in Afghan opium fight - Bolton resigns from U.N. post - Chavez wins a third term and keeps up anti-U.S. rhetoric AP News - Gates OK\u0027d for Defense by Senate Panel - Al-Maliki to Call for Regional Meeting - Fiji\u0027s Ousted Leader Leaves Capital - World Powers Fail to Reach Iran Accord - Search Continues for Man Missing in Ore. Obituaries - Margaret Alexander Parker, 48; Raised millions for GOP candidates - Leonard Freed, 77; photographer covered unrest around the world - Mostafa Mesbahzadeh, 97; exiled publisher of Iranian newspapers ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Settling to hide the truth Op-Ed: Mahony\u0027s $60 million settlement will obscure the truth about alleged molestation. Opinion L.A.: Ambassador Rick Santorum? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Daily vitamin: Is it really necessary? We\u0027re told the multivitamin is a prudent backup to the American diet. Here\u0027s how to decide for yourself. - Keep up to speed with practical gadgets Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style Nicole Richie\u0027s messy break-up The aftermath of the celebrity\u0027s split with her stylist, Rachel Zoe, has been anything but chic. - Gucci and Prada for kids? Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture What L.A. gave the world SPECIAL SECTION: The dream. The sprawl. The wheels. The games. The edge. The scandal. The food. The future. - Scaled-down La Scala Travel Las Vegas | Special Issue The ultimate low roller\u0027s guide to the gambling mecca. Uptown style on a downtown budget. - Hotel deals you can dig, baby Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Jamba Juice warns consumers about smoothie contamination- Actor was driving in fatal crash- Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal- On his block, a molester- Art historian hired to direct the Getty- Man held in DUI had badge issued by Dymally, police say- Dodgers, Saito agree to one-year deal- Maddux signs two-year deal with Padres; Drew joins Red Sox- Angels have little chance to get Ramirez or LaRoche- Struggling Yahoo to shuffle management- Pfizer\u0027s disappointment may lead to progress- Firm settles charges over gift abuse- Teens try cough medicine for a high- Nevada high court to debate judicial ethics- Conservative Sen. Brownback explores presidential run- Pentagon resists pleas for help in Afghan opium fight- Bolton resigns from U.N. post- Chavez wins a third term and keeps up anti-U.S. rhetoric- Gates OK\u0027d for Defense by Senate Panel- Al-Maliki to Call for Regional Meeting- Fiji\u0027s Ousted Leader Leaves Capital- World Powers Fail to Reach Iran Accord- Search Continues for Man Missing in Ore.- Margaret Alexander Parker, 48; Raised millions for GOP candidates- Leonard Freed, 77; photographer covered unrest around the world- Mostafa Mesbahzadeh, 97; exiled publisher of Iranian newspapers- Keep up to speed with practical gadgetsCosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers.- Gucci and Prada for kids?Wedding information from our preferred advertisers.- Scaled-down La Scala- Hotel deals you can dig, babyTravel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- \u0027Borat\u0027 lawsuit to be refiled in NYC- Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings Special Section Find seasonal events, gift ideas and more in our special section.CLASSIFIEDSFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell ResearchFind Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresPopular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPopular Links  - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPlace an Ad  |  Buy a local link   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 77° | 48° Clear Wed 76° | 50° Clear \u003e\u003e 5-day forecastTue 77° | 48°ClearWed 76° | 50°Clear- This beauty shows its colors earlyHome Improvement information from preferred advertisers.- Ashlee Simpson decided it was just too bigHome Search | Find an Apartment- Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: For Sale: 1 Couch- Car show gets boost from new dateCompare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth?- The sweet side of bitter greens","article":""},"timeStamp":20061206021341,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
