{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 6 2005 2006 2007 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 6 2005 2006 2007NOV DEC JAN62005 2006 200718,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16  HOME DELIVERY 12:56 PM PST, December 6, 2006 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition What is RSS? Calendarlive Travel West Magazine House \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe to L.A. Times Iraq commission urges overhaul of policy (Bob Chamberlin / LAT) Relief is on the way The Lower Owens River restoration will begin today when mayor opens a gate in a dam that has been diverting water since 1913. VIDEO MORE NEWS - Fearless witness took stand against gangs - Uninsured drivers facing crackdown - Dick Cheney\u0027s gay daughter is pregnant By Joel Havemann | 10:54 a.m. Calling for stepped up diplomacy, panel says situation is \"grave and deteriorating.\" | VIDEO TEXT: Full report of Iraq Study Group EXCERPTS: Key findings reached by committee - Networks fumble Iraq report handoff NASA finds signs of water on Mars By Reuters | 10:33 a.m. Images taken by Global Surveyor show changes in craters that may have been caused by recent flow. Taco Bell discovers E. coli in onions By Jesus Sanchez | 9:52 a.m. Firm, investigating outbreak, removes green onions from its restaurants after finding bacteria. | VIDEO Facial tune-up goes downhill fast By Bob Pool and Amanda Covarrubias \"Dr. Daniel\" gets prison after injecting women with a wrinkle remover better suited for a Bentley. L.A. lands Schmidt Dodgers reach deal with Giants pitcher and are talking with Luis Gonzalez. Black history at risk? Backers of state park, once a town founded by a ex-slave, say plans for dairy dishonor blacks. | PHOTOS See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Dodgers reach tentative three-year deal with Jason Schmidt - What would happen if the U.S. left Iraq? - She took a stand to testify Blogs - CA POLITICS: Prison reformer gets blank check - LAKERS: The difference between Kobe and an average slob - CLIPPERS: A horse with a definite name - VEGAS: Who is buying the Strip? - STYLES: George sez- I didn\u0027t get Danny drunk - SCHOOL ME: Cracking the UC admissions essay code California/Local - She took a stand to testify - No words, no sign of a heart from developer - Dire health effects of pollution reported Sports - Sideline reporters sidelined - Brand may finally have groove back - Mata muscles up to carry the Bruins Business - Amgen facing ill winds - Firm puts profit to good work - State starts crackdown on uninsured drivers National - Family\u0027s ordeal not over after rescue in the snow - Court bars automatic deportations in drug cases - Nevada judicial reforms gain traction World - Leader of Oaxaca protests is arrested - Lebanese \u0027martyr\u0027 part of a long tradition - Potential poisoning suspect hospitalized in Russia AP News - Panel: Bush\u0027s Iraq Policy \u0027Not Working\u0027 - Ex-Spy\u0027s Death to Be Treated As Murder - Milwaukee Factory Blast Kills 3 - Mortar Attack Kills 8 at Baghdad Market - Audit Says FEMA Squandering Katrina Aid Obituaries - John Serrano Jr., 69; his lawsuit changed the way state\u0027s schools are funded - Marshall Diaz, 62; used maps to boost Latino voting power - Jeanne A. Smith, 75; sickle cell expert pushed testing of infants ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Debating Brown\u0027s legacy Editorial: Classroom integration may hinge on what one justice views a historic court decision. Opinion L.A.: Who\u0027ll win the Osama lottery? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Up to speed with practical gadgets To improve your running, you don\u0027t necessarily have to work harder — just more efficiently. - Daily vitamin: Is it really necessary? Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style Nicole Richie\u0027s messy break-up The aftermath of the celebrity\u0027s split with her stylist, Rachel Zoe, has been anything but chic. - Gucci and Prada for kids? Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture What L.A. gave the world SPECIAL SECTION: The dream. The sprawl. The wheels. The games. The edge. The scandal. The food. The future. - Christopher Hawthorne on the Case Study homes Travel Las Vegas | Special Issue The ultimate low roller\u0027s guide to the gambling mecca. Uptown style on a downtown budget. - Hotel deals you can dig, baby Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers. Entertainment News Britney looks for a 2007 comeback Perez Hilton, Dick Clark and a few more in the know have a few friendly tips for the singer. PHOTOS: A Spears timeline - Movie review: \u0027Days of Glory\u0027s\u0027 WWII surprise Listings: MOVIES | TV | MUSIC | DINING | ART | STAGE ADVERTISEMENT L.A. TIMES QUICK LINKS - Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings Special Section Find unique gifts in The Holidays, our guide to the season. CLASSIFIEDS Find Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent Foreclosures Popular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All Classifieds Place an Ad  |  Buy a local link    LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Wed 74° | 49° Partly Cloudy Thu 75° | 51° Partly Cloudy \u003e\u003e 5-day forecast House \u0026 Garden A high-concept hacienda A couple\u0027s Westside compound combines classic elements of ancient courtyards with a Modernist\u0027s love of glass and light. - This beauty shows its colors early Home Improvement information from preferred advertisers. Real Estate Ashlee Simpson decided it was just too big Some big real estate transactions of late have involved those in the music industry. - Top of to-do list: Pay property taxes Home Search | Find an Apartment West Magazine Can This Cow Make You Sick? After children become ill from a virulent bacteria, a hunt is launched for the culprit. - Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: For Sale: 1 Couch L.A. Wheels Cycle World show pushes the limits Officially, there isn\u0027t a theme to this weekend\u0027s 26th International Motorcycle Show, but it might as well be \"Extremes.\" - Quick: Bike or bronco? Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth? Food Mr. Sinatra has left the room Can a new chef and a new menu save one of the last Old Hollywood spots in L.A.? - Betting on the farm Times 125th Anniversary Special Sections STRIVERS | FASHION | HIGHER EDUCATION SPORTS | HOMES | HOLLYWOOD | CARS | CULTURE: What L.A. gave the world Buy a link Local AdsIraq commission urges overhaul of policy(Bob Chamberlin / LAT) Relief is on the way The Lower Owens River restoration will begin today when mayor opens a gate in a dam that has been diverting water since 1913. VIDEO MORE NEWS - Fearless witness took stand against gangs - Uninsured drivers facing crackdown - Dick Cheney\u0027s gay daughter is pregnant By Joel Havemann | 10:54 a.m. Calling for stepped up diplomacy, panel says situation is \"grave and deteriorating.\" | VIDEO TEXT: Full report of Iraq Study Group EXCERPTS: Key findings reached by committee - Networks fumble Iraq report handoff NASA finds signs of water on Mars By Reuters | 10:33 a.m. Images taken by Global Surveyor show changes in craters that may have been caused by recent flow. Taco Bell discovers E. coli in onions By Jesus Sanchez | 9:52 a.m. Firm, investigating outbreak, removes green onions from its restaurants after finding bacteria. | VIDEO Facial tune-up goes downhill fast By Bob Pool and Amanda Covarrubias \"Dr. Daniel\" gets prison after injecting women with a wrinkle remover better suited for a Bentley.L.A. lands Schmidt Dodgers reach deal with Giants pitcher and are talking with Luis Gonzalez. Black history at risk? Backers of state park, once a town founded by a ex-slave, say plans for dairy dishonor blacks. | PHOTOSSee Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Dodgers reach tentative three-year deal with Jason Schmidt - What would happen if the U.S. left Iraq? - She took a stand to testify Blogs - CA POLITICS: Prison reformer gets blank check - LAKERS: The difference between Kobe and an average slob - CLIPPERS: A horse with a definite name - VEGAS: Who is buying the Strip? - STYLES: George sez- I didn\u0027t get Danny drunk - SCHOOL ME: Cracking the UC admissions essay code California/Local - She took a stand to testify - No words, no sign of a heart from developer - Dire health effects of pollution reported Sports - Sideline reporters sidelined - Brand may finally have groove back - Mata muscles up to carry the Bruins Business - Amgen facing ill winds - Firm puts profit to good work - State starts crackdown on uninsured drivers National - Family\u0027s ordeal not over after rescue in the snow - Court bars automatic deportations in drug cases - Nevada judicial reforms gain traction World - Leader of Oaxaca protests is arrested - Lebanese \u0027martyr\u0027 part of a long tradition - Potential poisoning suspect hospitalized in Russia AP News - Panel: Bush\u0027s Iraq Policy \u0027Not Working\u0027 - Ex-Spy\u0027s Death to Be Treated As Murder - Milwaukee Factory Blast Kills 3 - Mortar Attack Kills 8 at Baghdad Market - Audit Says FEMA Squandering Katrina Aid Obituaries - John Serrano Jr., 69; his lawsuit changed the way state\u0027s schools are funded - Marshall Diaz, 62; used maps to boost Latino voting power - Jeanne A. Smith, 75; sickle cell expert pushed testing of infants ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Debating Brown\u0027s legacy Editorial: Classroom integration may hinge on what one justice views a historic court decision. Opinion L.A.: Who\u0027ll win the Osama lottery? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Up to speed with practical gadgets To improve your running, you don\u0027t necessarily have to work harder — just more efficiently. - Daily vitamin: Is it really necessary? Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style Nicole Richie\u0027s messy break-up The aftermath of the celebrity\u0027s split with her stylist, Rachel Zoe, has been anything but chic. - Gucci and Prada for kids? Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture What L.A. gave the world SPECIAL SECTION: The dream. The sprawl. The wheels. The games. The edge. The scandal. The food. The future. - Christopher Hawthorne on the Case Study homes Travel Las Vegas | Special Issue The ultimate low roller\u0027s guide to the gambling mecca. Uptown style on a downtown budget. - Hotel deals you can dig, baby Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Dodgers reach tentative three-year deal with Jason Schmidt- What would happen if the U.S. left Iraq?- She took a stand to testify- She took a stand to testify- No words, no sign of a heart from developer- Dire health effects of pollution reported- Sideline reporters sidelined- Brand may finally have groove back- Mata muscles up to carry the Bruins- Amgen facing ill winds- Firm puts profit to good work- State starts crackdown on uninsured drivers- Family\u0027s ordeal not over after rescue in the snow- Court bars automatic deportations in drug cases- Nevada judicial reforms gain traction- Leader of Oaxaca protests is arrested- Lebanese \u0027martyr\u0027 part of a long tradition- Potential poisoning suspect hospitalized in Russia- Panel: Bush\u0027s Iraq Policy \u0027Not Working\u0027- Ex-Spy\u0027s Death to Be Treated As Murder- Milwaukee Factory Blast Kills 3- Mortar Attack Kills 8 at Baghdad Market- Audit Says FEMA Squandering Katrina Aid- John Serrano Jr., 69; his lawsuit changed the way state\u0027s schools are funded- Marshall Diaz, 62; used maps to boost Latino voting power- Jeanne A. Smith, 75; sickle cell expert pushed testing of infants- Daily vitamin: Is it really necessary?Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers.- Gucci and Prada for kids?Wedding information from our preferred advertisers.- Christopher Hawthorne on the Case Study homes- Hotel deals you can dig, babyTravel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Movie review: \u0027Days of Glory\u0027s\u0027 WWII surprise- Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings Special Section Find unique gifts in The Holidays, our guide to the season.CLASSIFIEDSFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell ResearchFind Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresPopular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPopular Links  - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPlace an Ad  |  Buy a local link   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Wed 74° | 49° Partly Cloudy Thu 75° | 51° Partly Cloudy \u003e\u003e 5-day forecastWed 74° | 49°Partly CloudyThu 75° | 51°Partly Cloudy- This beauty shows its colors earlyHome Improvement information from preferred advertisers.- Top of to-do list: Pay property taxesHome Search | Find an Apartment- Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: For Sale: 1 Couch- Quick: Bike or bronco?Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth?- Betting on the farm","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2006,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":23,"minute":18,"second":58},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
