{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 14 2005 2006 2007 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 14 2005 2006 2007OCT NOV DEC142005 2006 200722,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16  HOME DELIVERY 7:15 AM PST, November 14, 2006 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition What is RSS? Calendarlive Travel West Magazine House \u0026 Garden Health Food Car Culture Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe to L.A. Times (Gary Friedman / LAT) Mayor touts MTA but rarely rides it Villaraigosa travels around town in a GMC Yukon chauffeured by a police officer while demanding that locals have \"got to use public transit.\" MORE NEWS - A bump in the road for the O.C. tollway - 4 more transplant programs scrutinized - Advocates target product warranties - Balco reporters facing harsh penalties President warns against Mideast policy shift By Paul Richter Bush says he\u0027s open to \"new ideas\" on his administration\u0027s approach to Iraq, but critizes beginning a withdrawal of U.S. troops. - Scores kidnapped from research center - In Iraq, U.S. soldiers become detectives Democrats\u0027 harmony unravels By Janet Hook and Richard Simon Party\u0027s emphasis on unity dissolves into power struggles and jockeying over the spoils of victory. Officials \u0027livid\u0027 over new arrest tape By Patrick McGreevy and Richard Winton Video shows L.A. officer dousing a handcuffed suspect\u0027s face with pepper spray inside a patrol car. Chandlers split over bid for Tribune By Thomas S. Mulligan and James Rainey Times\u0027 founding family questions whether to launch its own offer for the company. VIDEO Paris nouveau The city is looking to go digital, ease traffic and make itself less \"museumified.\" The ancient toilet Archeologists study the latrine rituals that killed the authors of the Dead Sea Scrolls. See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - LAPD officials \u0027livid\u0027 over new arrest videotape - Bryant downplays big game - Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity Blogs - CA POLITICS: Extra? Pelosi\u0027s a mom! - LAKERS: Shaking the Grizzlies - CLIPPERS: Big Dog roughs up Hornets - VEGAS: Legal opinion on lap dance ban - GOLD DERBY: Oscar party tickets for sale - $15,000 - SCHOOL ME: Principal Plays Good Cop, Bad Cop California/Local - Containment of Lake Elsinore fire in sight - Studies contradict forecast for O.C. tollway benefits - Inmates sue to limit state prison populations Sports - Breakaway threat - U.S. bid is down to two - L.A. gets to hoop it up thanks to NFL Business - Chandlers divided over bid for Tribune - Donor takes a scientific approach - By the numbers National - Insurers propose to close gap - Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity - Slow pace of payouts wears on Katrina victims World - Few clues and reluctant witnesses - Bush warns against pullout - Lebanon approves tribunal in Hariri slaying AP News - Gunmen Kidnap Up to 150 in Baghdad - Senate Democrats to Choose Party Leaders - Bush Departs for Asia Today - Iran Says Nuke Program Is Near Complete - S. Africa Parliament OKs Gay Marriages Obituaries - Jack Williamson, pioneering science fiction writer, dies at 98 - Benny Andrews, 75; painter whose work was inspired by life in the segregated South - Phyllis T. Garland, 70; journalist, faculty member at Columbia grad school ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion YouTube oversight Editorial: Phone cameras and the web give citizens a voice in the debate over police conduct. Op-Ed: The Pledge\u0027s refuge for scoundrels EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | BLOGS California Politics No stranger to earmarking If Nancy Pelosi bans the controversial practice, she\u0027ll have to go cold turkey herself. PARSONS: Little Saigon is growing up Video Health Victory in louse wars? Head lice -- yuck -- have developed a resistance to insecticides. It\u0027s time for a new tack -- like blasting them with hot air. - Morgellons: Real or a state of mind? Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style You\u0027re not on the list Hyde, on Sunset Boulevard, is Hollywood\u0027s latest clubhouse for celebrities and their attendant dramas. - Clash of the red-hot mamas PHOTOS Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture Icons, earthly and ethereal Sacred objects from the foot of Mt. Sinai form a golden exhibition of faith at the Getty. - Harry Shearer finds yet another voice Travel Loreto: A relaxed fit The Baja city is a deep-tissue massage for the soul. Clean white sand and calm blue sea lull visitors into a hypnotic state. - Cancún, rebuilt and showing off Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers. Entertainment News \u0027Dancing\u0027 sambas to hot ratings With sexy moves, real-life sparks and soaring viewership, ABC\u0027s dance contest has been a prime-time story all to itself. PHOTO GALLERY - Seven ways to become a canine celeb The Envelope: Alejandro Iñárritu talks \u0027Babel\u0027 Listings: MOVIES | TV | MUSIC | DINING | ART | STAGE ADVERTISEMENT Times 125th Anniversary Special Sections STRIVERS | FASHION | HIGHER EDUCATION SPORTS | HOMES | HOLLYWOOD | CARS LA TIMES QUICK LINKS - Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - Sports Stats - TV Listings CLASSIFIEDS Find Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent Foreclosures Popular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All Classifieds Place an Ad  |  Buy a local link    LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 67° | 54° Partly Cloudy Wed 79° | 55° Clear \u003e\u003e 5-day forecast House \u0026 Garden A challenge, loud and clear The lot was between a freeway and an airport -- one of the noisiest sites in San Diego -- but he built his house anyway. - An enduring fixation that runs deep Home Improvement information from preferred advertisers. Real Estate After hours The twilight open house. The post-school showing. For real estate agents, a slow market calls for innovative thinking. - Oahu\u0027s at epicenter of activity Home Search | Find an Apartment West Magazine Times 125th Anniversary Special: The Strivers Portraits of 37 Southern Californians who beat the odds and made it big. - Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: Rake\u0027s Progress Car Culture The lineup\u0027s newest star Saturn\u0027s new midsize sedan doesn\u0027t swing for the fences, but it\u0027s got the bases covered. - Harley shows its dark side VIDEO Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth? Food Toque of the town Chef cookbooks always promise so much. This season, a few of them actually deliver -- big time. - The worldly pumpkin Buy a link Local Ads(Gary Friedman / LAT) Mayor touts MTA but rarely rides it Villaraigosa travels around town in a GMC Yukon chauffeured by a police officer while demanding that locals have \"got to use public transit.\" MORE NEWS - A bump in the road for the O.C. tollway - 4 more transplant programs scrutinized - Advocates target product warranties - Balco reporters facing harsh penalties President warns against Mideast policy shift By Paul Richter Bush says he\u0027s open to \"new ideas\" on his administration\u0027s approach to Iraq, but critizes beginning a withdrawal of U.S. troops. - Scores kidnapped from research center - In Iraq, U.S. soldiers become detectives Democrats\u0027 harmony unravels By Janet Hook and Richard Simon Party\u0027s emphasis on unity dissolves into power struggles and jockeying over the spoils of victory. Officials \u0027livid\u0027 over new arrest tape By Patrick McGreevy and Richard Winton Video shows L.A. officer dousing a handcuffed suspect\u0027s face with pepper spray inside a patrol car. Chandlers split over bid for Tribune By Thomas S. Mulligan and James Rainey Times\u0027 founding family questions whether to launch its own offer for the company. VIDEOParis nouveau The city is looking to go digital, ease traffic and make itself less \"museumified.\" The ancient toilet Archeologists study the latrine rituals that killed the authors of the Dead Sea Scrolls.See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - LAPD officials \u0027livid\u0027 over new arrest videotape - Bryant downplays big game - Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity Blogs - CA POLITICS: Extra? Pelosi\u0027s a mom! - LAKERS: Shaking the Grizzlies - CLIPPERS: Big Dog roughs up Hornets - VEGAS: Legal opinion on lap dance ban - GOLD DERBY: Oscar party tickets for sale - $15,000 - SCHOOL ME: Principal Plays Good Cop, Bad Cop California/Local - Containment of Lake Elsinore fire in sight - Studies contradict forecast for O.C. tollway benefits - Inmates sue to limit state prison populations Sports - Breakaway threat - U.S. bid is down to two - L.A. gets to hoop it up thanks to NFL Business - Chandlers divided over bid for Tribune - Donor takes a scientific approach - By the numbers National - Insurers propose to close gap - Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity - Slow pace of payouts wears on Katrina victims World - Few clues and reluctant witnesses - Bush warns against pullout - Lebanon approves tribunal in Hariri slaying AP News - Gunmen Kidnap Up to 150 in Baghdad - Senate Democrats to Choose Party Leaders - Bush Departs for Asia Today - Iran Says Nuke Program Is Near Complete - S. Africa Parliament OKs Gay Marriages Obituaries - Jack Williamson, pioneering science fiction writer, dies at 98 - Benny Andrews, 75; painter whose work was inspired by life in the segregated South - Phyllis T. Garland, 70; journalist, faculty member at Columbia grad school ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion YouTube oversight Editorial: Phone cameras and the web give citizens a voice in the debate over police conduct. Op-Ed: The Pledge\u0027s refuge for scoundrels EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS | BLOGS California Politics No stranger to earmarking If Nancy Pelosi bans the controversial practice, she\u0027ll have to go cold turkey herself. PARSONS: Little Saigon is growing up Video Health Victory in louse wars? Head lice -- yuck -- have developed a resistance to insecticides. It\u0027s time for a new tack -- like blasting them with hot air. - Morgellons: Real or a state of mind? Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers. Style You\u0027re not on the list Hyde, on Sunset Boulevard, is Hollywood\u0027s latest clubhouse for celebrities and their attendant dramas. - Clash of the red-hot mamas PHOTOS Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture Icons, earthly and ethereal Sacred objects from the foot of Mt. Sinai form a golden exhibition of faith at the Getty. - Harry Shearer finds yet another voice Travel Loreto: A relaxed fit The Baja city is a deep-tissue massage for the soul. Clean white sand and calm blue sea lull visitors into a hypnotic state. - Cancún, rebuilt and showing off Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- LAPD officials \u0027livid\u0027 over new arrest videotape- Bryant downplays big game- Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity- Containment of Lake Elsinore fire in sight- Studies contradict forecast for O.C. tollway benefits- Inmates sue to limit state prison populations- Breakaway threat- U.S. bid is down to two- L.A. gets to hoop it up thanks to NFL- Chandlers divided over bid for Tribune- Donor takes a scientific approach- By the numbers- Insurers propose to close gap- Power struggles unravel Democrats\u0027 unity- Slow pace of payouts wears on Katrina victims- Few clues and reluctant witnesses- Bush warns against pullout- Lebanon approves tribunal in Hariri slaying- Jack Williamson, pioneering science fiction writer, dies at 98- Benny Andrews, 75; painter whose work was inspired by life in the segregated South- Phyllis T. Garland, 70; journalist, faculty member at Columbia grad school- Morgellons: Real or a state of mind?Cosmetic Surgery information from preferred advertisers.- Clash of the red-hot mamas PHOTOSWedding information from our preferred advertisers.- Harry Shearer finds yet another voice- Cancún, rebuilt and showing offTravel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Seven ways to become a canine celeb- Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - Sports Stats - TV ListingsCLASSIFIEDSFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell ResearchFind Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresPopular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPopular Links  - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPlace an Ad  |  Buy a local link   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 67° | 54° Partly Cloudy Wed 79° | 55° Clear \u003e\u003e 5-day forecastTue 67° | 54°Partly CloudyWed 79° | 55°Clear- An enduring fixation that runs deepHome Improvement information from preferred advertisers.- Oahu\u0027s at epicenter of activityHome Search | Find an Apartment- Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: Rake\u0027s Progress- Harley shows its dark side VIDEOCompare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth?- The worldly pumpkin","article":""},"timeStamp":20061114151521,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
