{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 22 2006 2007 2008 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 22 2006 2007 2008MAY JUN JUL222006 2007 200818,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16     HOME DELIVERY 5:31 PM PDT, June 21, 2007 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME MyLATimes Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition Calendarlive Travel West Magazine Home \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Books Image Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad LAT Media Group latimes.com Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe State moves to revoke King-Harbor\u0027s license By Charles Ornstein and Rich Connell | 4:19 p.m. The long-troubled public hospital would be forced to close. No such threat has been made before. Grocery workers to vote on strike By Jerry Hirsch and Jesus Sanchez | 1:48 p.m. They may give the union authority to launch a strike after stores miss a deadline. Video Officials seek Delgadillo inquiry By Patrick McGreevy | 3:43 p.m. Council members ask panel to determine whether the city attorney broke any laws. Weigh in: Did Delgadillo cross the line? Make a reservation Disneyland\u0027s hidden Club 33 has 487 members and a nine-year waiting list. (Henry A. Ruhl / AP) Icebergs help warming cool off By Amber Dance | 1:54 p.m. As glaciers melt and break up, the drifting ice is creating a vast new ecosystem that may absorb carbon dioxide. ? AP: White House nears Gitmo decision ? Senate votes to raise mileage to 35 mpg ? 14 American troops killed in Iraq ? Garden Grove priest, friend missing ? Blood found on Spector\u0027s gun FROM THE BLOGS   YOUR SCENE  Real estate is not like a pair of slacks that you can return to Macy\u0027s if you don\u0027t like it.  --SC Phil L.A. Land| More Blogs \u003e OPINION » The ghosts of O.C. past Gustavo Arellano: The county long ignored its Latino roots -- until \u0027The Magical History Tour.\u0027 EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Romney under fire ?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Davon Harris, 15 ?  BOTTLENECK: Crushing street racing ?  L.A. LAND: Hedge fund fiasco ?  DAILY MIRROR: White flight ?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Big Love\u0027 ?  LAKERS: Kobe the elephant in the room? ?  TRAVEL: South Beach doggie weekender California/Local » ?  State moves to revoke King-Harbor?s license ?  In a university not far away, sci-fi heaven ?  L.A. officials ask ethics panel to investigate Delgadillo Sports » ?  Giguere re-signs with Ducks ?  Answering the call ?  Justices uphold rules on high school athletic recruiting Business » ?  Wait to get into exclusive restaurant may be longest ever at Disneyland ?  Grocery workers will vote on strike authorization ?  Pinkberry passes test, but cold war goes on World » ?  Gunmen on rampage in West Bank ?  Roadside bomb kills 5 U.S. soldiers in Baghdad ?  U.S. offensive continues in Baqubah National » ?  New Orleans is safer, but risks still loom ?  Bush administration close to shutting down Guantanamo Bay detainee facility in Cuba ?  Weather delays space shuttle landing Obituaries » ?  Antonio Aguilar, 88; Mexican singer and actor had a huge following north of the border ?  Zeev Schiff; Israeli journalist, defense expert ?  Thommie Walsh, 57; \u0027Chorus Line\u0027 dancer won two Tony Awards as a choreographer AP News » ?  White House Near Decision to Close Gitmo ?  Ashcroft: Officials Fought Over Snooping ?  Senate Votes to Raise Car Fuel Standards ?  Waxman Decries Cheney Security Exemption ?  Abbas Mulls Early Palestinian Elections Movies   \u0027A Mighty Heart\u0027 moves the heart and head Home   The duplex is back, and this time the look is sleek, smart and unequivocally modern. Entertainment   Shane West channels Germs frontman in \"What We Do Is Secret,\" even taking the act on the road. Food     Want to discover the unexpected thrill of Mexican liqueurs? Here are the best lesser-known labels. Real Estate     Vancouver is launching a green initiative aimed at bringing food-producing gardens to rooftops. Travel     Federal officials admit they weren\u0027t ready for high passport demand L.A. Wheels   BMW fills a graying market niche with its nimble, mid-size F 800 S. Image   The Mirror: A stylish robot in disguise West Magazine   Dining out: Our guide to more than 300 restaurants across Southern California. Health   Veterans wonder, where\u0027s our health care? Photography   In Focus: Photos from week of June 10 - June 16 Global | Regional Books   Storming the gates: Rebecca Solnit follows the anti-globalization beat.   ADVERTISEMENT     QUICK LINKS Sudoku Lottery Horoscopes Crosswords TV Listings       ADVERTISEMENT   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS Greater L.A. Orange Co. Inland Empire Ventura Co. San Diego Co. WEATHER Extended Forecast RSS Click here for a list of popular RSS readers and personalized news pages. ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center L.A. Times Events Jobs at the L.A. Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Buy a link Local Ads ADVERTISEMENTState moves to revoke King-Harbor\u0027s license By Charles Ornstein and Rich Connell | 4:19 p.m. The long-troubled public hospital would be forced to close. No such threat has been made before. Grocery workers to vote on strike By Jerry Hirsch and Jesus Sanchez | 1:48 p.m. They may give the union authority to launch a strike after stores miss a deadline. Video Officials seek Delgadillo inquiry By Patrick McGreevy | 3:43 p.m. Council members ask panel to determine whether the city attorney broke any laws. Weigh in: Did Delgadillo cross the line? Make a reservation Disneyland\u0027s hidden Club 33 has 487 members and a nine-year waiting list. (Henry A. Ruhl / AP) Icebergs help warming cool off By Amber Dance | 1:54 p.m. As glaciers melt and break up, the drifting ice is creating a vast new ecosystem that may absorb carbon dioxide. ? AP: White House nears Gitmo decision ? Senate votes to raise mileage to 35 mpg ? 14 American troops killed in Iraq ? Garden Grove priest, friend missing ? Blood found on Spector\u0027s gunFROM THE BLOGS   YOUR SCENE Real estate is not like a pair of slacks that you can return to Macy\u0027s if you don\u0027t like it.  --SC Phil L.A. Land| More Blogs \u003eOPINION » The ghosts of O.C. past Gustavo Arellano: The county long ignored its Latino roots -- until \u0027The Magical History Tour.\u0027 EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Romney under fire ?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Davon Harris, 15 ?  BOTTLENECK: Crushing street racing ?  L.A. LAND: Hedge fund fiasco ?  DAILY MIRROR: White flight ?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Big Love\u0027 ?  LAKERS: Kobe the elephant in the room? ?  TRAVEL: South Beach doggie weekender California/Local » ?  State moves to revoke King-Harbor?s license ?  In a university not far away, sci-fi heaven ?  L.A. officials ask ethics panel to investigate Delgadillo Sports » ?  Giguere re-signs with Ducks ?  Answering the call ?  Justices uphold rules on high school athletic recruiting Business » ?  Wait to get into exclusive restaurant may be longest ever at Disneyland ?  Grocery workers will vote on strike authorization ?  Pinkberry passes test, but cold war goes on World » ?  Gunmen on rampage in West Bank ?  Roadside bomb kills 5 U.S. soldiers in Baghdad ?  U.S. offensive continues in Baqubah National » ?  New Orleans is safer, but risks still loom ?  Bush administration close to shutting down Guantanamo Bay detainee facility in Cuba ?  Weather delays space shuttle landing Obituaries » ?  Antonio Aguilar, 88; Mexican singer and actor had a huge following north of the border ?  Zeev Schiff; Israeli journalist, defense expert ?  Thommie Walsh, 57; \u0027Chorus Line\u0027 dancer won two Tony Awards as a choreographer AP News » ?  White House Near Decision to Close Gitmo ?  Ashcroft: Officials Fought Over Snooping ?  Senate Votes to Raise Car Fuel Standards ?  Waxman Decries Cheney Security Exemption ?  Abbas Mulls Early Palestinian Elections Movies   \u0027A Mighty Heart\u0027 moves the heart and head Home   The duplex is back, and this time the look is sleek, smart and unequivocally modern. Entertainment   Shane West channels Germs frontman in \"What We Do Is Secret,\" even taking the act on the road. Food     Want to discover the unexpected thrill of Mexican liqueurs? Here are the best lesser-known labels. Real Estate     Vancouver is launching a green initiative aimed at bringing food-producing gardens to rooftops. Travel     Federal officials admit they weren\u0027t ready for high passport demand L.A. Wheels   BMW fills a graying market niche with its nimble, mid-size F 800 S. Image   The Mirror: A stylish robot in disguise West Magazine   Dining out: Our guide to more than 300 restaurants across Southern California. Health   Veterans wonder, where\u0027s our health care? Photography   In Focus: Photos from week of June 10 - June 16 Global | Regional Books   Storming the gates: Rebecca Solnit follows the anti-globalization beat.?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Romney under fire?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Davon Harris, 15?  BOTTLENECK: Crushing street racing?  L.A. LAND: Hedge fund fiasco?  DAILY MIRROR: White flight?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Big Love\u0027?  LAKERS: Kobe the elephant in the room??  TRAVEL: South Beach doggie weekender?  State moves to revoke King-Harbor?s license?  In a university not far away, sci-fi heaven?  L.A. officials ask ethics panel to investigate Delgadillo?  Giguere re-signs with Ducks?  Answering the call?  Justices uphold rules on high school athletic recruiting?  Wait to get into exclusive restaurant may be longest ever at Disneyland?  Grocery workers will vote on strike authorization?  Pinkberry passes test, but cold war goes on?  Gunmen on rampage in West Bank?  Roadside bomb kills 5 U.S. soldiers in Baghdad?  U.S. offensive continues in Baqubah?  New Orleans is safer, but risks still loom?  Bush administration close to shutting down Guantanamo Bay detainee facility in Cuba?  Weather delays space shuttle landing?  Antonio Aguilar, 88; Mexican singer and actor had a huge following north of the border?  Zeev Schiff; Israeli journalist, defense expert?  Thommie Walsh, 57; \u0027Chorus Line\u0027 dancer won two Tony Awards as a choreographer?  White House Near Decision to Close Gitmo?  Ashcroft: Officials Fought Over Snooping?  Senate Votes to Raise Car Fuel Standards?  Waxman Decries Cheney Security Exemption?  Abbas Mulls Early Palestinian ElectionsFood     Want to discover the unexpected thrill of Mexican liqueurs? Here are the best lesser-known labels.Real Estate     Vancouver is launching a green initiative aimed at bringing food-producing gardens to rooftops.Travel     Federal officials admit they weren\u0027t ready for high passport demandRSS","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":42,"second":7},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
