{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 28 2006 2007 2008 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 28 2006 2007 2008SEP OCT NOV282006 2007 200822,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16     HOME DELIVERY 5:18 PM PDT, October 27, 2007 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME MyLATimes Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition Calendarlive Travel Magazine Home \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Books Image Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad LAT Media Group latimes.com My Settings Sign Up Log In Personalized News Site Services Help Contact Us RSS L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe Cooler weather gives firefighters hope (Spencer Platt / Getty Images) A firefighter looks through a mobile home park in Dulzura. SPECIAL REPORT: FACING THE FLAMES » Week of tragedy For some it\u0027s time to rebuild, for others the nightmare continues. See and listen to the stories of survival and hope. Photos Photos: Day 7 | 6 | 5 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | From readers VIDEO: Latest clips | Voices | User video SHARE YOUR: Video (new) | Photos | Thoughts By Times Staff Writers | 4:17 p.m. But officials remain cautious as crews battle the blazes. Schwarzenegger vows that arsonists will be caught. Breaking news blog: ? Governor soothes fire-damaged relations with Orange County More fire stories: ? Mexican fire crew joins the fight — and sees migrants\u0027 ordeal ? Enter the next line of defense: insurance adjusters ? Volunteers fight for Holy Jim ? Jogging? You must be choking ? Fake news conference is FEMA\u0027s latest disaster ? Search for damaged homes ? Search for evacuees  (Web and mobile) ? Latest on containment ? Wildfires at a glance ? Interactive fire map ? Closed roads, opened centers ? Tips to returning home ? Dealing with pets ? Suspected causes, fire by fire ? Fire info on your mobile device ? How you can help ? Complete coverage  Try flying close to the deck along ridges and through canyons with swirling Santa Ana winds at 60 to 100 mph. The pilots that perform that mission are highly skilled and incredibly brave. What they are not is suicidal. The people who control these operations adhere to safety standards for good reason.     -- ordinary pilot   From the Southland Wildfires message board Turks press for military action By Tracy Wilkinson Even as rebel posts are shelled in Iraq, Turkish leaders are reluctant to invade because of the quagmire likely to follow. Irrigation irritations plague cities By Deborah Schoch As SoCal cities urge water conservation, too many city- and state-owned watering systems waste millions of gallons. Discuss Melee report faults LAPD policies By Richard Winton Findings may ease the heat on 26 officers named in the MacArthur Park altercation. ? Arthur Kornberg, Nobel laureate, dies ? Rabbi breaks with norm on Jerusalem ? UAW approves contract with Chrysler ? Calif. home foreclosures set record ? Los Angeles utility chief resigns SPORTS » USC\u0027s hopes get downsized By Gary Klein Trojans, once a national title contender, fall 24-17 to Oregon for their second loss, probably ending Pac-10 hopes too. Curlin wins Breeders\u0027 Cup Classic Baffert has two winners with Indian Blessing and Midnight Lute while Zito\u0027s War Pass takes Juvenile. ?  NCAA FB: Georgia topples No. 9 Florida ?  NCAA FB: No. 14 Kentucky upset ?  LAKERS: They win big | Blog ?  MLB: Sox wear out Rockies\u0027 pitchers OPINION » Cliche and cataclysm Meghan Daum: Whenever California burns or shakes or collapses in mudslides, a cavalcade of familiar noir-isms comes along for the ride. EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up ?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist ?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Battlestar Galactica\u0027 ?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news ?  DAILY MIRROR: Fatal plunge ?  HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS: College recruiting ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Primary news ?  L.A. LAND: ?  TRAVEL: Best bathrooms in the world? California/Local » ?  Silverado Canyon at fire\u0027s edge ?  Cooler weather gives firefighters hope ?  Santiago, Slide fires still worrisome Sports » ?  Trojans\u0027 hopes get downsized ?  Curlin wins Breeders\u0027 Cup Classic ?  No. 20 Georgia upends No. 9 Florida Business » ?  Hollywood braces for a strike ?  UAW members approve 4-year contract with Chrysler ?  California home foreclosures again set a record World » ?  8 killed in bombing near Baghdad ?  In Turkey, pressure builds to attack Iraq ?  Europe faces tough choices on Iran National » ?  Chicken Little was right ?  Fire-relief package may ignite new debate ?  After teen sex ruling, he\u0027s a free man Obituaries » ?  Arthur Kornberg, 89; Nobel laureate was the first to synthesize DNA ?  Dr. Lewis F. Boddie, 94; pioneering physician, promoter of adoption AP News » ?  Californians Endure 7 Days of Wildfires ?  UAW Members Approve Chrysler Contract ?  US Will Hand Iraqis Control of Karbala ?  Inside Rebel Pakistan Cleric\u0027s Domain ?  Sudan Pledges Darfur Cease-Fire at Talks Health   The tricky side of treats. Does all that Halloween candy turn kids into little monsters? Image   Perfumer Jean-Claude Ellena of Hermès aims not to capture nature but to perfect it. L.A. Wheels   Tokyo Motor Show -- what a concept! Photos Movie Reviews     There\u0027s hidden heart in \u0027Dan in Real Life\u0027 Home     The darkening autumn days bring bursts of vivid color from chrysanthemums. Photos Food     Encore: There\u0027s a delicious ritual of savory bites and light drinks the Italians call aperitivo. Let\u0027s join them. Movies   Train-wreck Britney and black-suit Spidey are some of Hollywood\u0027s hottest Halloween costumes. Travel   Flying with Fluffy and Fido: major airlines\u0027 pet policies. 10 tips Photography   Staff and global photos for the week of Oct. 19 to 25. Global | Regional Real Estate   Britney Spears has leased a Malibu home with the option to buy it in six months for $9 million. Arts \u0026 Culture   Pop art innovator Takashi Murakami presides over a retrospective of his beloved, colorful works opening Monday at the Geffen Contemporary at MOCA. ENTERTAINMENT NEWS » The year\u0027s best music Why wait until December? Releases from Rihanna and Radiohead are among 2007\u0027s most important. Photos: The year in music More:  Hollywood Halloween; Orlando Bloom accident udpate; Colbert vs. Stewart; Why is Vanessa Hudgens loitering with lingerie? CALENDARLIVE » Around Murakami\u0027s Superflat world Photos THE ENVELOPE » Extreme transformers: Actors get ugly for Oscar | Photos     QUICK LINKS Sudoku Lottery Horoscopes Crosswords TV Listings         LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS Orange Co. Greater L.A. Inland Empire Ventura Co. San Diego Co. WEATHER Extended Forecast RSS Click here for a list of popular RSS readers and personalized news pages. ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center L.A. Times Events Jobs at the L.A. Times Times Summer Internship Program IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Buy a link Local Ads(Spencer Platt / Getty Images) A firefighter looks through a mobile home park in Dulzura. SPECIAL REPORT: FACING THE FLAMES » Week of tragedy For some it\u0027s time to rebuild, for others the nightmare continues. See and listen to the stories of survival and hope. Photos Photos: Day 7 | 6 | 5 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | From readers VIDEO: Latest clips | Voices | User video SHARE YOUR: Video (new) | Photos | Thoughts By Times Staff Writers | 4:17 p.m. But officials remain cautious as crews battle the blazes. Schwarzenegger vows that arsonists will be caught. Breaking news blog: ? Governor soothes fire-damaged relations with Orange County More fire stories: ? Mexican fire crew joins the fight — and sees migrants\u0027 ordeal ? Enter the next line of defense: insurance adjusters ? Volunteers fight for Holy Jim ? Jogging? You must be choking ? Fake news conference is FEMA\u0027s latest disaster ? Search for damaged homes ? Search for evacuees  (Web and mobile) ? Latest on containment ? Wildfires at a glance ? Interactive fire map ? Closed roads, opened centers ? Tips to returning home ? Dealing with pets ? Suspected causes, fire by fire ? Fire info on your mobile device ? How you can help ? Complete coverageWeek of tragedy For some it\u0027s time to rebuild, for others the nightmare continues. See and listen to the stories of survival and hope. Photos Try flying close to the deck along ridges and through canyons with swirling Santa Ana winds at 60 to 100 mph. The pilots that perform that mission are highly skilled and incredibly brave. What they are not is suicidal. The people who control these operations adhere to safety standards for good reason.    -- ordinary pilot  Turks press for military action By Tracy Wilkinson Even as rebel posts are shelled in Iraq, Turkish leaders are reluctant to invade because of the quagmire likely to follow. Irrigation irritations plague cities By Deborah Schoch As SoCal cities urge water conservation, too many city- and state-owned watering systems waste millions of gallons. Discuss Melee report faults LAPD policies By Richard Winton Findings may ease the heat on 26 officers named in the MacArthur Park altercation. ? Arthur Kornberg, Nobel laureate, dies ? Rabbi breaks with norm on Jerusalem ? UAW approves contract with Chrysler ? Calif. home foreclosures set record ? Los Angeles utility chief resignsUSC\u0027s hopes get downsized By Gary Klein Trojans, once a national title contender, fall 24-17 to Oregon for their second loss, probably ending Pac-10 hopes too. Curlin wins Breeders\u0027 Cup Classic Baffert has two winners with Indian Blessing and Midnight Lute while Zito\u0027s War Pass takes Juvenile. ?  NCAA FB: Georgia topples No. 9 Florida ?  NCAA FB: No. 14 Kentucky upset ?  LAKERS: They win big | Blog ?  MLB: Sox wear out Rockies\u0027 pitchersOPINION » Cliche and cataclysm Meghan Daum: Whenever California burns or shakes or collapses in mudslides, a cavalcade of familiar noir-isms comes along for the ride. EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up ?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist ?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Battlestar Galactica\u0027 ?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news ?  DAILY MIRROR: Fatal plunge ?  HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS: College recruiting ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Primary news ?  L.A. LAND: ?  TRAVEL: Best bathrooms in the world? California/Local » ?  Silverado Canyon at fire\u0027s edge ?  Cooler weather gives firefighters hope ?  Santiago, Slide fires still worrisome Sports » ?  Trojans\u0027 hopes get downsized ?  Curlin wins Breeders\u0027 Cup Classic ?  No. 20 Georgia upends No. 9 Florida Business » ?  Hollywood braces for a strike ?  UAW members approve 4-year contract with Chrysler ?  California home foreclosures again set a record World » ?  8 killed in bombing near Baghdad ?  In Turkey, pressure builds to attack Iraq ?  Europe faces tough choices on Iran National » ?  Chicken Little was right ?  Fire-relief package may ignite new debate ?  After teen sex ruling, he\u0027s a free man Obituaries » ?  Arthur Kornberg, 89; Nobel laureate was the first to synthesize DNA ?  Dr. Lewis F. Boddie, 94; pioneering physician, promoter of adoption AP News » ?  Californians Endure 7 Days of Wildfires ?  UAW Members Approve Chrysler Contract ?  US Will Hand Iraqis Control of Karbala ?  Inside Rebel Pakistan Cleric\u0027s Domain ?  Sudan Pledges Darfur Cease-Fire at Talks Health   The tricky side of treats. Does all that Halloween candy turn kids into little monsters? Image   Perfumer Jean-Claude Ellena of Hermès aims not to capture nature but to perfect it. L.A. Wheels   Tokyo Motor Show -- what a concept! Photos Movie Reviews     There\u0027s hidden heart in \u0027Dan in Real Life\u0027 Home     The darkening autumn days bring bursts of vivid color from chrysanthemums. Photos Food     Encore: There\u0027s a delicious ritual of savory bites and light drinks the Italians call aperitivo. Let\u0027s join them. Movies   Train-wreck Britney and black-suit Spidey are some of Hollywood\u0027s hottest Halloween costumes. Travel   Flying with Fluffy and Fido: major airlines\u0027 pet policies. 10 tips Photography   Staff and global photos for the week of Oct. 19 to 25. Global | Regional Real Estate   Britney Spears has leased a Malibu home with the option to buy it in six months for $9 million. Arts \u0026 Culture   Pop art innovator Takashi Murakami presides over a retrospective of his beloved, colorful works opening Monday at the Geffen Contemporary at MOCA.?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist?  SHOW TRACKER: \u0027Battlestar Galactica\u0027?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news?  DAILY MIRROR: Fatal plunge?  HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS: College recruiting?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Primary news?  L.A. LAND:?  TRAVEL: Best bathrooms in the world??  Silverado Canyon at fire\u0027s edge?  Cooler weather gives firefighters hope?  Santiago, Slide fires still worrisome?  Trojans\u0027 hopes get downsized?  Curlin wins Breeders\u0027 Cup Classic?  No. 20 Georgia upends No. 9 Florida?  Hollywood braces for a strike?  UAW members approve 4-year contract with Chrysler?  California home foreclosures again set a record?  8 killed in bombing near Baghdad?  In Turkey, pressure builds to attack Iraq?  Europe faces tough choices on Iran?  Chicken Little was right?  Fire-relief package may ignite new debate?  After teen sex ruling, he\u0027s a free man?  Arthur Kornberg, 89; Nobel laureate was the first to synthesize DNA?  Dr. Lewis F. Boddie, 94; pioneering physician, promoter of adoption?  Californians Endure 7 Days of Wildfires?  UAW Members Approve Chrysler Contract?  US Will Hand Iraqis Control of Karbala?  Inside Rebel Pakistan Cleric\u0027s Domain?  Sudan Pledges Darfur Cease-Fire at TalksMovie Reviews     There\u0027s hidden heart in \u0027Dan in Real Life\u0027Home     The darkening autumn days bring bursts of vivid color from chrysanthemums. PhotosFood     Encore: There\u0027s a delicious ritual of savory bites and light drinks the Italians call aperitivo. Let\u0027s join them.CALENDARLIVE » Around Murakami\u0027s Superflat world Photos THE ENVELOPE » Extreme transformers: Actors get ugly for Oscar | PhotosRSS","article":""},"timeStamp":20071028001806,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
