{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 22 2006 2007 2008 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 22 2006 2007 2008JAN FEB MAR222006 2007 200818,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16  HOME DELIVERY 4:17 AM PST, February 22, 2007 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME MyLATimes  Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition Calendarlive Travel West Magazine House \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad Media Kit Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe to L.A. Times (Robert Gauthier / LAT) New low for Lakers\u0027 Zen master In longest losing streak ever for Phil Jackson, L.A. drops sixth straight game to Portland. Photos MORE NEWS - Italian Prime Minister Prodi resigns - Geffen comments fuel Obama, Clinton fire - Colorado River is affected by warming - Suit wants acknowledgment of pot\u0027s value Arab minority demands say in governing Israel By Richard Boudreaux In manifesto that is stirring anger and soul-searching, representatives declare that nation\u0027s 1.4M Arabs are entitled to collective rights. Lawmakers target \u0027dumping\u0027 patients By Richard Winton and Andrew Blankstein LAPD puts hospitals on notice that officers will arrest anyone who dumps patients on skid row. - Complete coverage of patient \u0027dumping\u0027 Mentally ill languish in state prisons By Steve Lopez Sen. Steinberg plans to introduce a bill that may put a big dent in overcrowding and recidivism rates. Trial delivers all but the couch By Jessica Garrison Doctors testify under code names about their sex lives and porn parties in UCLA harassment case. A war of woofs For Angelenos at odds with their neighbors, the source of the problem is often not the two-legged, but four legged neighbor. NASCAR report Drivers, exposure, and technology are sought to combat waning popularity. See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama - Why the British are scaling back in Iraq - Bad break for Lakers Blogs - HOMICIDE REPORT: A fight turns deadly - CA POLITICS: McCain gets a boost - BOTTLENECK: Widening Highway 76 - LAKERS: Know thy enemy: TrailBlazers - SCHOOL ME: Moms steal candy bars - VEGAS: \"The Drive\" closed - RUNWAY: A Margiela moment California/Local - California prison drug treatment called waste of money - Law would bar dumping patients on the street - The trial of the sensory Sports - Bad break for Lakers - Trading the kid for Kidd isn\u0027t move Kupchak should make - Wolf brings survival skills to Dodgers Business - NASA and Virgin Galactic sign agreement for future collaboration - Virtual loses its virtues - Whole Foods agrees to purchase Wild Oats Markets National - Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama - Iraq dominates first Democratic forum - McCain slams Bush on global warming, Iraq policy World - Italy\u0027s prime minister quits - Why the British are scaling back in Iraq - Arabs say Israel is not just for Jews AP News - Allies Want Iran Back at Bargaining Table - Iran Refuses to Budge on UN Demands - Indonesian Passenger Ferry Fire Kills 16 - Second Case of Rape Allegations in Iraq - Cheney to Make Rare Visit to Australia Obituaries - Joseph Gallo, 87; California dairy magnate lost legal fight with his winemaker brothers - Michael Franchetti, 64; financial advisor to former Gov. Deukmejian - McNair memorial service set for Saturday ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Tortured \"24\" politics Jonah Goldberg: The left says the hit show goes too far, while the right says it\u0027s only TV. Dust-up: Who needs amnesty? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health This Week\u0027s Section It\u0027s better not to use corporal punishment, researchers agree. But, in fact, people do. Also: Gum chewing. Enjoying food. - Editor\u0027s picks: Depressed men abound Cosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers. Style Farewell, my lovely Ugly chic may be back for Prada, but good design is always in style. - Milan Fashion Week 2007 Gallery Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture \u0027Grapes\u0027 ripe with essence of Steinbeck Composer Ricky Ian Gordon has merged Broadway and opera in his outstanding production of the classic American novel. - Damien Hirst: death and taxidermy Travel Another side of Singapore An Asian sleeper is striving to become L.A.-lite — a tranquil break from the busy capital just a bridge away. - Bohemia in the Big D Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers. Entertainment News Heather Mills joins \u0027Dancing With the Stars\u0027 ABC unveils new lineup, which includes Billy Ray Cyrus and Leeza Gibbons. PHOTO GALLERY - Scramble begins for Britney\u0027s TV confessional THE ENVELOPE: Potential surprises on Oscar night Calendarlive: MOVIES | TV | MUSIC | DINING | ART | STAGE ADVERTISEMENT L.A. TIMES QUICK LINKS - Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings RSS Feeds Fortune maker Write your own fortunes to celebrate the year of the boar. \u003e\u003e Explore CLASSIFIEDS Find Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent Foreclosures Popular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All Classifieds Place an Ad  |  Buy a local link    LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Thu 58° | 47° Chance of a Thunderstorm Fri 56° | 44° Chance of Rain \u003e\u003e 5-day forecast Food Oh, glorious, flavorful pork Kurobuta cuts, salumi, carnitas, crown roast: This really is the Year of the Pig. - A history of Chinese restaurants in L.A. House \u0026 Garden An artist\u0027s life in a loft There really is a Chang behind P.F. Chang\u0027s. He\u0027s Philip Chiang, and his L.A. home is a bohemian surprise. - Neighbor vs. dog: a war of the woofs Home Improvement information from preferred advertisers. Real Estate Getting closer to the goal? Soccer star David Beckham and his wife, the former Spice Girl Posh, are taking a break in the UK after a home-hunting spree in L.A. - Yours, mine ... ours Home Search | Find an Apartment West Magazine How to Get Wall Street to Hug a Tree Environmentalists and investment bankers are working together to put a price tag on nature. - Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: Grays\u0027 Anatomy L.A. Wheels Dan Neil / Rumble Seat VIDEO Mercedes-Benz\u0027s E320 Bluetec engine isn\u0027t your father\u0027s diesel. All who breathe the air and frequent the passing lane will give thanks. - Susan Carpenter / Throttle Jockey VIDEO Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth? Buy a link Local Ads(Robert Gauthier / LAT) New low for Lakers\u0027 Zen master In longest losing streak ever for Phil Jackson, L.A. drops sixth straight game to Portland. Photos MORE NEWS - Italian Prime Minister Prodi resigns - Geffen comments fuel Obama, Clinton fire - Colorado River is affected by warming - Suit wants acknowledgment of pot\u0027s value Arab minority demands say in governing Israel By Richard Boudreaux In manifesto that is stirring anger and soul-searching, representatives declare that nation\u0027s 1.4M Arabs are entitled to collective rights. Lawmakers target \u0027dumping\u0027 patients By Richard Winton and Andrew Blankstein LAPD puts hospitals on notice that officers will arrest anyone who dumps patients on skid row. - Complete coverage of patient \u0027dumping\u0027 Mentally ill languish in state prisons By Steve Lopez Sen. Steinberg plans to introduce a bill that may put a big dent in overcrowding and recidivism rates. Trial delivers all but the couch By Jessica Garrison Doctors testify under code names about their sex lives and porn parties in UCLA harassment case.A war of woofs For Angelenos at odds with their neighbors, the source of the problem is often not the two-legged, but four legged neighbor. NASCAR report Drivers, exposure, and technology are sought to combat waning popularity.See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama - Why the British are scaling back in Iraq - Bad break for Lakers Blogs - HOMICIDE REPORT: A fight turns deadly - CA POLITICS: McCain gets a boost - BOTTLENECK: Widening Highway 76 - LAKERS: Know thy enemy: TrailBlazers - SCHOOL ME: Moms steal candy bars - VEGAS: \"The Drive\" closed - RUNWAY: A Margiela moment California/Local - California prison drug treatment called waste of money - Law would bar dumping patients on the street - The trial of the sensory Sports - Bad break for Lakers - Trading the kid for Kidd isn\u0027t move Kupchak should make - Wolf brings survival skills to Dodgers Business - NASA and Virgin Galactic sign agreement for future collaboration - Virtual loses its virtues - Whole Foods agrees to purchase Wild Oats Markets National - Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama - Iraq dominates first Democratic forum - McCain slams Bush on global warming, Iraq policy World - Italy\u0027s prime minister quits - Why the British are scaling back in Iraq - Arabs say Israel is not just for Jews AP News - Allies Want Iran Back at Bargaining Table - Iran Refuses to Budge on UN Demands - Indonesian Passenger Ferry Fire Kills 16 - Second Case of Rape Allegations in Iraq - Cheney to Make Rare Visit to Australia Obituaries - Joseph Gallo, 87; California dairy magnate lost legal fight with his winemaker brothers - Michael Franchetti, 64; financial advisor to former Gov. Deukmejian - McNair memorial service set for Saturday ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion Tortured \"24\" politics Jonah Goldberg: The left says the hit show goes too far, while the right says it\u0027s only TV. Dust-up: Who needs amnesty? EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health This Week\u0027s Section It\u0027s better not to use corporal punishment, researchers agree. But, in fact, people do. Also: Gum chewing. Enjoying food. - Editor\u0027s picks: Depressed men abound Cosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers. Style Farewell, my lovely Ugly chic may be back for Prada, but good design is always in style. - Milan Fashion Week 2007 Gallery Wedding information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture \u0027Grapes\u0027 ripe with essence of Steinbeck Composer Ricky Ian Gordon has merged Broadway and opera in his outstanding production of the classic American novel. - Damien Hirst: death and taxidermy Travel Another side of Singapore An Asian sleeper is striving to become L.A.-lite — a tranquil break from the busy capital just a bridge away. - Bohemia in the Big D Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama- Why the British are scaling back in Iraq- Bad break for Lakers- California prison drug treatment called waste of money- Law would bar dumping patients on the street- The trial of the sensory- Bad break for Lakers- Trading the kid for Kidd isn\u0027t move Kupchak should make- Wolf brings survival skills to Dodgers- NASA and Virgin Galactic sign agreement for future collaboration- Virtual loses its virtues- Whole Foods agrees to purchase Wild Oats Markets- Gentle jabs turn to punches for Clinton, Obama- Iraq dominates first Democratic forum- McCain slams Bush on global warming, Iraq policy- Italy\u0027s prime minister quits- Why the British are scaling back in Iraq- Arabs say Israel is not just for Jews- Allies Want Iran Back at Bargaining Table- Iran Refuses to Budge on UN Demands- Indonesian Passenger Ferry Fire Kills 16- Second Case of Rape Allegations in Iraq- Cheney to Make Rare Visit to Australia- Joseph Gallo, 87; California dairy magnate lost legal fight with his winemaker brothers- Michael Franchetti, 64; financial advisor to former Gov. Deukmejian- McNair memorial service set for Saturday- Editor\u0027s picks: Depressed men aboundCosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers.- Milan Fashion Week 2007 GalleryWedding information from our preferred advertisers.- Damien Hirst: death and taxidermy- Bohemia in the Big DTravel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Scramble begins for Britney\u0027s TV confessional- Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings RSS Feeds Fortune maker Write your own fortunes to celebrate the year of the boar. \u003e\u003e ExploreCLASSIFIEDSFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell ResearchFind Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresPopular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPopular Links  - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPlace an Ad  |  Buy a local link   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Thu 58° | 47° Chance of a Thunderstorm Fri 56° | 44° Chance of Rain \u003e\u003e 5-day forecastThu 58° | 47°Chance of a ThunderstormFri 56° | 44°Chance of Rain- A history of Chinese restaurants in L.A.- Neighbor vs. dog: a war of the woofsHome Improvement information from preferred advertisers.- Yours, mine ... oursHome Search | Find an Apartment- Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: Grays\u0027 Anatomy- Susan Carpenter / Throttle Jockey VIDEOCompare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth?","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":14,"minute":41,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
