{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 26 2006 2007 2008 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 26 2006 2007 2008SEP OCT NOV262006 2007 200822,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16     HOME DELIVERY 5:21 PM PDT, October 25, 2007 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME MyLATimes Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition Calendarlive Travel Magazine Home \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Books Image Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad LAT Media Group latimes.com My Settings Sign Up Log In Personalized News Site Services Help Contact Us RSS L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe Hope rises as Santa Anas begin to subside Charred bodies of immigrants are found; arson suspect arrested Barbara Davidson / Los Angeles Times Tim and Susan Deehan embrace in the ruins of their home overlooking Lake Poway. More photos Google / U.S. Forest Service The track of the Southern California fires as of noon today. More photos Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times Utility workers tackle a ruptured, burning gas main at a Green Valley Lake home today. More photos Pablo Martinez Monsivais / Associated Press President Bush tours the devastation in Rancho Bernardo in San Diego County today. More photos Wally Skalij / Los Angeles Times Flames dwarf a firefighter Wednesday on East Grade Road on Palomar Mountain. More photos Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times An air tanker drops retardant on a ridge near Snow Valley on Wednesday. More photos Barbara Davidson / Los Angeles Times Rachel Whittemore, 17, right, and her mother, Winsome, in Malibu on Wednesday. More photos Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times Bryan Bradway of San Diego County\u0027s Damage Assessment Team on Wednesday. More photos Brian Vander Brug / Los Angeles Times Broken statuary Wednesday in the ruins of a church on Rincon Indian Reservation. More photos Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times A charred vehicle in the ruins of a home in Fredalba near Lake Arrowhead Wednesday. More photos 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ? Santiago fire threatens new areas ? Focus on recovery, Bush tells victims ? 1 million people fled fires? Maybe not ? Fire-area residents still waiting to inhale ? NEW: List of damaged and destroyed homes ? State has been slow to boost firefighting capability ? San Diego firefighters taste soot and defeat ? Hikers seek respite in Julian, find a ghost town ? A dangerous, and coveted, job on the line ? Complete fire coverage Sketchbook: How Santa Ana winds fuel fires VIDEO: Latest clips of fires around the region Photos: Today | Day 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | From readers SHARE YOUR: Video (new) | Photos | Thoughts MAPS: Google Map: Fires at a glance San Diego fire\u0027s growth Video: Voices from the field Firsthand accounts from people struggling with the fires\u0027 aftermath. User Video: Portola Hills Fire Dramatic shot from a reader\u0027s backyard on Jasper Hill Road. ? Search for evacuees   (Web and mobile) ? NEW: How the fires started ? NEW: Canceled athletic events ? NEW: Latest on containment ? UPDATED: Evacuations/closures ? Disaster aid centers to open ? How to pick up your mail ? Checklist for evacuations ? What FEMA covers ? Travel news and tips ? How you can help ? Protecting your home ? Fire info on your mobile device  When you build your home in these areas you accept the possibility of fire, prepare for the worst and hope it never happens. If we got the winds here that SoCal got with this fire, our place wouldn\u0027t stand a chance...and we\u0027ve taken all the reasonable precautions that we can.    --Mike   From the Southland Wildfires message board U.S. steps up sanctions on Iran By Paul Richter | 1:17 p.m. Move is aimed at the powerful Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, including the Quds Force, and three banks. Airbus arrives, 2 years late By Peter Pae | 12:07 p.m. The world\u0027s largest passenger airliner ferries 468 giddy passengers from Singapore to Sydney. Iowa Dems want to caucus Jan. 3 By Scott Martelle BLOG: State party chair Scott Brennan on Sunday will recommend the caucus be moved from the current Jan. 14. ? Genocide resolution delayed in House ? House passes children\u0027s health bill again ? Bomb kills 21 in Pakistani army convoy ? Bush presses Cuba to adopt democracy ? U.S. official in Blackwater case resigns SPORTS » Caught in a chowdah of success By Chris Dufresne The Boston College Eagles are No. 2 in the BCS, but they rate well behind the Red Sox and Patriots in Beantown. Kobe and Fisher are only sure things They\u0027re the only two guaranteed starters amid a rash of injuries and ineffectiveness. Lakers Blog ?  DODGERS: Bound for Coliseum? Maybe ?  PREP FB: Most OC games canceled ?  NFL: Chargers might play at home ?  VIDEO: Could this be horse of the year? OPINION » Straitjacket Bush Rosa Brooks: The president\u0027s warmongering remarks on the Iranian threat suggest he is psychotic. Really. EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up ?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist ?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Florence shooting ?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news ?  THE HOMEROOM: From an \u0027F\u0027 to a \u0027B\u0027? ?  DAILY MIRROR: Porn ring raided ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Dems on health care ?  L.A. LAND: ?  TRAVEL: Fire-related contacts, resources California/Local » ?  Focus on recovery, Bush tells fire victims ?  Santiago fire a canyon cliffhanger ?  What roads and schools are closed Sports » ?  Sanchez to start against Oregon ?  Dodgers at the Coliseum? For a day, maybe ?  That Notre Dame upset looks bigger now Business » ?  Airbus A380 arrives in Sydney two years behind schedule ?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan ?  Toyota exec says other Prius versions possible World » ?  Bomb kills 21 in Pakistani army convoy ?  DNA pioneer Watson resigns over comment on Africans ?  End of the line isn\u0027t end of their journey National » ?  U.S. imposes new sanctions on Iran ?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan ?  Lawmakers delay push for House vote on Armenian genocide measure Obituaries » ?  Irving Sorkin, 88; dentist saw Hollywood dream come true as award-winning producer ?  Vic Ramos, 77; casting director worked with Coppola, Lucas ?  Roderick T. Ryan, 83; got honorary Oscar for his work in film technology AP News » ?  4 Charred Bodies in Calif. Migrant Camp ?  Bush Visits California Wildfire Victims ?  Al-Qaida Anger at Jazeera on Laden Tape ?  Dems Accuse Rice of Blunders in Iraq ?  Conflict Deepens Over Kids\u0027 Health Bill Home   A couple and their architects set out to build a modern addition without bulldozing their humble Venice bungalow. Photos Food   Encore: There\u0027s a delicious ritual of savory bites and light drinks the Italians call aperitivo. Let\u0027s join them. Movies   Turning Danny Huston into a bloodthirsty vampire for \u002730 Days of Night\u0027 TV     \u0027Friday Night Lights\u0027 viewers cry foul play. L.A. Wheels     Mercedes-Benz C300 - the company is doing C-class damage control. Photos | Discuss Travel     In Glen Ellen, savoring Sonoma beyond the wine. Photos | Wine country Health   Hypoallergenic peanuts? Vitamin-rich rice? Biotech foods are still hard to swallow. Photography   Staff and global photos for the week of Oct. 12 to 18. Global | Regional Real Estate   Britney Spears has leased a Malibu home with the option to buy it in six months for $9 million. Arts \u0026 Culture   Youth takes center stage as Finland\u0027s Sibelius Academy Symphony Orchestra makes its debut. ENTERTAINMENT NEWS » \u0027Battlestar\u0027: New season secrets revealed Who is set to direct one of this season\u0027s episodes? Photos More:  \u0027Red-band\u0027 trailers sell the nasty bits; First listen: Britney\u0027s \u0027Blackout\u0027; Does Oscar love tarts?; Music, movies collide in print CALENDARLIVE » THE GUIDE: L.A. indie bands to watch in 2008 THE ENVELOPE » NOTES ON A SEASON: Celebs keep box office duds alive | Photos     QUICK LINKS Sudoku Lottery Horoscopes Crosswords TV Listings         LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS Orange Co. Greater L.A. Inland Empire Ventura Co. San Diego Co. WEATHER Extended Forecast RSS Click here for a list of popular RSS readers and personalized news pages. ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center L.A. Times Events Jobs at the L.A. Times Times Summer Internship Program IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Buy a link Local Ads1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10? Santiago fire threatens new areas ? Focus on recovery, Bush tells victims ? 1 million people fled fires? Maybe not ? Fire-area residents still waiting to inhale ? NEW: List of damaged and destroyed homes ? State has been slow to boost firefighting capability ? San Diego firefighters taste soot and defeat ? Hikers seek respite in Julian, find a ghost town ? A dangerous, and coveted, job on the line ? Complete fire coverage Sketchbook: How Santa Ana winds fuel fires VIDEO: Latest clips of fires around the region Photos: Today | Day 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | From readers SHARE YOUR: Video (new) | Photos | Thoughts MAPS: Google Map: Fires at a glance San Diego fire\u0027s growth Video: Voices from the field Firsthand accounts from people struggling with the fires\u0027 aftermath. User Video: Portola Hills Fire Dramatic shot from a reader\u0027s backyard on Jasper Hill Road. ? Search for evacuees   (Web and mobile) ? NEW: How the fires started ? NEW: Canceled athletic events ? NEW: Latest on containment ? UPDATED: Evacuations/closures ? Disaster aid centers to open ? How to pick up your mail ? Checklist for evacuations ? What FEMA covers ? Travel news and tips ? How you can help ? Protecting your home ? Fire info on your mobile deviceMAPS: Google Map: Fires at a glance San Diego fire\u0027s growth When you build your home in these areas you accept the possibility of fire, prepare for the worst and hope it never happens. If we got the winds here that SoCal got with this fire, our place wouldn\u0027t stand a chance...and we\u0027ve taken all the reasonable precautions that we can.   --Mike  U.S. steps up sanctions on Iran By Paul Richter | 1:17 p.m. Move is aimed at the powerful Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, including the Quds Force, and three banks. Airbus arrives, 2 years late By Peter Pae | 12:07 p.m. The world\u0027s largest passenger airliner ferries 468 giddy passengers from Singapore to Sydney. Iowa Dems want to caucus Jan. 3 By Scott Martelle BLOG: State party chair Scott Brennan on Sunday will recommend the caucus be moved from the current Jan. 14. ? Genocide resolution delayed in House ? House passes children\u0027s health bill again ? Bomb kills 21 in Pakistani army convoy ? Bush presses Cuba to adopt democracy ? U.S. official in Blackwater case resignsCaught in a chowdah of success By Chris Dufresne The Boston College Eagles are No. 2 in the BCS, but they rate well behind the Red Sox and Patriots in Beantown. Kobe and Fisher are only sure things They\u0027re the only two guaranteed starters amid a rash of injuries and ineffectiveness. Lakers Blog ?  DODGERS: Bound for Coliseum? Maybe ?  PREP FB: Most OC games canceled ?  NFL: Chargers might play at home ?  VIDEO: Could this be horse of the year?OPINION » Straitjacket Bush Rosa Brooks: The president\u0027s warmongering remarks on the Iranian threat suggest he is psychotic. Really. EDITORIALS|OP-ED|LETTERS Blogs » ?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up ?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist ?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Florence shooting ?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news ?  THE HOMEROOM: From an \u0027F\u0027 to a \u0027B\u0027? ?  DAILY MIRROR: Porn ring raided ?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Dems on health care ?  L.A. LAND: ?  TRAVEL: Fire-related contacts, resources California/Local » ?  Focus on recovery, Bush tells fire victims ?  Santiago fire a canyon cliffhanger ?  What roads and schools are closed Sports » ?  Sanchez to start against Oregon ?  Dodgers at the Coliseum? For a day, maybe ?  That Notre Dame upset looks bigger now Business » ?  Airbus A380 arrives in Sydney two years behind schedule ?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan ?  Toyota exec says other Prius versions possible World » ?  Bomb kills 21 in Pakistani army convoy ?  DNA pioneer Watson resigns over comment on Africans ?  End of the line isn\u0027t end of their journey National » ?  U.S. imposes new sanctions on Iran ?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan ?  Lawmakers delay push for House vote on Armenian genocide measure Obituaries » ?  Irving Sorkin, 88; dentist saw Hollywood dream come true as award-winning producer ?  Vic Ramos, 77; casting director worked with Coppola, Lucas ?  Roderick T. Ryan, 83; got honorary Oscar for his work in film technology AP News » ?  4 Charred Bodies in Calif. Migrant Camp ?  Bush Visits California Wildfire Victims ?  Al-Qaida Anger at Jazeera on Laden Tape ?  Dems Accuse Rice of Blunders in Iraq ?  Conflict Deepens Over Kids\u0027 Health Bill Home   A couple and their architects set out to build a modern addition without bulldozing their humble Venice bungalow. Photos Food   Encore: There\u0027s a delicious ritual of savory bites and light drinks the Italians call aperitivo. Let\u0027s join them. Movies   Turning Danny Huston into a bloodthirsty vampire for \u002730 Days of Night\u0027 TV     \u0027Friday Night Lights\u0027 viewers cry foul play. L.A. Wheels     Mercedes-Benz C300 - the company is doing C-class damage control. Photos | Discuss Travel     In Glen Ellen, savoring Sonoma beyond the wine. Photos | Wine country Health   Hypoallergenic peanuts? Vitamin-rich rice? Biotech foods are still hard to swallow. Photography   Staff and global photos for the week of Oct. 12 to 18. Global | Regional Real Estate   Britney Spears has leased a Malibu home with the option to buy it in six months for $9 million. Arts \u0026 Culture   Youth takes center stage as Finland\u0027s Sibelius Academy Symphony Orchestra makes its debut.?  USC SPORTS: Notre Dame wrap-up?  EMERALD CITY: The Greenlist?  HOMICIDE REPORT: Florence shooting?  BABYLON \u0026 BEYOND: Middle East news?  THE HOMEROOM: From an \u0027F\u0027 to a \u0027B\u0027??  DAILY MIRROR: Porn ring raided?  TOP OF THE TICKET: Dems on health care?  L.A. LAND:?  TRAVEL: Fire-related contacts, resources?  Focus on recovery, Bush tells fire victims?  Santiago fire a canyon cliffhanger?  What roads and schools are closed?  Sanchez to start against Oregon?  Dodgers at the Coliseum? For a day, maybe?  That Notre Dame upset looks bigger now?  Airbus A380 arrives in Sydney two years behind schedule?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan?  Toyota exec says other Prius versions possible?  Bomb kills 21 in Pakistani army convoy?  DNA pioneer Watson resigns over comment on Africans?  End of the line isn\u0027t end of their journey?  U.S. imposes new sanctions on Iran?  Democrat rolls out tax overhaul plan?  Lawmakers delay push for House vote on Armenian genocide measure?  Irving Sorkin, 88; dentist saw Hollywood dream come true as award-winning producer?  Vic Ramos, 77; casting director worked with Coppola, Lucas?  Roderick T. Ryan, 83; got honorary Oscar for his work in film technology?  4 Charred Bodies in Calif. Migrant Camp?  Bush Visits California Wildfire Victims?  Al-Qaida Anger at Jazeera on Laden Tape?  Dems Accuse Rice of Blunders in Iraq?  Conflict Deepens Over Kids\u0027 Health BillTV     \u0027Friday Night Lights\u0027 viewers cry foul play.L.A. Wheels     Mercedes-Benz C300 - the company is doing C-class damage control. Photos | DiscussTravel     In Glen Ellen, savoring Sonoma beyond the wine. Photos | Wine countryCALENDARLIVE » THE GUIDE: L.A. indie bands to watch in 2008 THE ENVELOPE » NOTES ON A SEASON: Celebs keep box office duds alive | PhotosRSS","article":""},"timeStamp":20071026002106,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
