{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 9 2006 2007 2008 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 9 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB92006 2007 200818,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16  HOME DELIVERY 2:56 PM PST, January 9, 2007 Jobs    Cars    Real Estate    Apartments    Shopping  |   Weather    Traffic  HOME MyLATimes  Site Map News California | Local National World Entertainment News Business Sports Politics Opinion Columnists Print Edition Calendarlive Travel West Magazine House \u0026 Garden Health Food L.A. Wheels Obituaries Crossword, Sudoku All Sections Corrections Buy, Sell \u0026 More Jobs Cars Real Estate Apartments Personals Deals at Local Stores Coupons Newspaper Ads Place an Ad Member Services Sign Up Log In Help Contact Us L.A. Times Archives HOME DELIVERY Customer Support Subscribe to L.A. Times (Spencer Weiner / LAT) Clues to Malibu blaze sought A house owned by actress Suzanne Somers is among four beachfront homes that were lost to wind-driven flames. VIDEO| Photos - Send us your Malibu fire photos MORE NEWS - Ripken, Gwynn in Hall; McGwire stiffed - Scooby-Doo creator dies at 81 | VIDEO - House nears approval of 9/11 Panel bill U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks By Edmund Sanders and Abukar Albadri | 12:11 p.m. Helicopter gunships resume attacks on suspected terrorist holdouts following airstrikes over the past two days. VIDEO - Citizen soldiers may be key to Iraq buildup Mexico turns over suspected killer By Times Staff Writers | 2:35 p.m. Man is wanted in 2002 killing of L.A. County Sheriff\u0027s deputy David March during Irwindale traffic stop. Gov. prepares aggressive agenda By Jenifer Warren | 2:21 p.m. Schwarzenegger to outline sweeping plans for 2007 in State of the State address shortly after 5 p.m. A renamed Apple rolls out iPhone By Associated Press | 1:19 p.m. Steve Jobs jumps into mobile phone business and renames firm to just \"Apple Inc.\" VIDEO L.A.\u0027s French twist 32 of the country\u0027s officers are in town for training. One task: security at the Golden Globes. Florida beats Ohio State for BCS title Reigning basketball champs take football crown. PHOTOS See Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses - U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks - Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame Blogs - IRAQ: The cost of progress - CA POLITICS: Schwarzenegger Selectively Trims GOP Statement - LAKERS: Rising and rising - CLIPPERS: Fire at will, pops - VEGAS: Surreal Life hits the Strip - SCHOOL ME: Long Beach Peeved at Swank Movie California/Local - Gov. offers bold prescription - Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses - In Oakland, Dellums vows to be inclusive Sports - Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame - A new double standard - USOC will bid for 2016 Games Business - Apple unveils iPhone - Next Schwarzenegger target: fuel emissions - Oil line to Europe is cut off National - A shelter far from the streets - Citizen soldiers may be the key to Iraq buildup - Congress is loath to pull purse strings World - U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks - U.S. strike in Somalia aims at 3 fugitives - Working Syria, Iran into talks on Iraq AP News - New Wave of Troops Set for Iraq - Helicopters Strafe al-Qaida in Somalia - Apple Renames Itself, Unveils IPhone - House Advances Anti-Terror Legislation - 50 Militants Reported Killed in Baghdad Obituaries - A.I. Bezzerides, 98; novelist became a screenwriter known for film noir classics - Scooby-Doo creator Iwao Takamoto dies - Itche Goldberg, 102; fixture in communist struggle and a teacher of Yiddish culture ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion The wrong Rx for reform Editorial: It\u0027s unfair for the governor to make employers pay for Californians\u0027 health insurance. Op-Ed: Overdue but unprepared for the Big One EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Monday\u0027s Health Section Custom bikes: Are they worth the dough? Also: The tyranny of children: Parents don\u0027t eat well. Aromatherapy smells fishy. - Editor\u0027s picks: Healthy drinks or lies? Cosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture This guy\u0027s the real deal Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel lights up Disney Hall just as he did the Bowl. - A Paris transplant has designs on L.A. Travel A trip to the Red Center of Oz The fabled Ghan, one of the world\u0027s great rail trips, threads its way through the Outback, where the wild things star. - Atop the world of the Maya Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers. Entertainment News Director Cameron to shoot again \"Titanic\" auteur commits to long-planned \"Avatar\" project. PHOTOS: A post-\u0027Titanic\u0027 timeline - Did \u0027Freedom Writers\u0027 get it wrong? THE ENVELOPE: DGA announces nominees Listings: MOVIES | TV | MUSIC | DINING | ART | STAGE ADVERTISEMENT L.A. TIMES QUICK LINKS - Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings RSS Feeds Style \u0026 flair Get an education in Left Coast home design from an L.A. point of view. \u003e\u003e Explore CLASSIFIEDS Find Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent Foreclosures Popular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All Classifieds Place an Ad  |  Buy a local link    LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 79° | 46° Clear Wed 65° | 45° Partly Cloudy \u003e\u003e 5-day forecast Food Black gold Globally sourced varietal peppercorns bring sweet-hot nuance to every dish. - Cyber-foodies blog \u0027round-the-clock House \u0026 Garden Shape of things to come Technology is revolutionizing how furniture is made -- and what pieces are headed for our living rooms. The look of the future? It\u0027s fluid. - In a watery landscape, flowers that swim Home Improvement information from preferred advertisers. Real Estate Fixer? Break it down Check your math before buying on the cheap with dreams of renovation, experts advise. - Cher shows her flip side Home Search | Find an Apartment West Magazine Mad Max Max Baer Sr. was unable to defend himself against \u0027Cinderella Man.\u0027 The job fell to Max Jr., who\u0027s going down swinging. - Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: High Times L.A. Wheels Return trip for electric vehicles Carmakers are set to unveil plans this week. A GM model owes much to the pioneering EV1. - U.S. seeks to overhaul vehicle safety ratings Compare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth? Buy a link Local Ads(Spencer Weiner / LAT) Clues to Malibu blaze sought A house owned by actress Suzanne Somers is among four beachfront homes that were lost to wind-driven flames. VIDEO| Photos - Send us your Malibu fire photos MORE NEWS - Ripken, Gwynn in Hall; McGwire stiffed - Scooby-Doo creator dies at 81 | VIDEO - House nears approval of 9/11 Panel bill U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks By Edmund Sanders and Abukar Albadri | 12:11 p.m. Helicopter gunships resume attacks on suspected terrorist holdouts following airstrikes over the past two days. VIDEO - Citizen soldiers may be key to Iraq buildup Mexico turns over suspected killer By Times Staff Writers | 2:35 p.m. Man is wanted in 2002 killing of L.A. County Sheriff\u0027s deputy David March during Irwindale traffic stop. Gov. prepares aggressive agenda By Jenifer Warren | 2:21 p.m. Schwarzenegger to outline sweeping plans for 2007 in State of the State address shortly after 5 p.m. A renamed Apple rolls out iPhone By Associated Press | 1:19 p.m. Steve Jobs jumps into mobile phone business and renames firm to just \"Apple Inc.\" VIDEOL.A.\u0027s French twist 32 of the country\u0027s officers are in town for training. One task: security at the Golden Globes. Florida beats Ohio State for BCS title Reigning basketball champs take football crown. PHOTOSSee Most E-mailedMost Viewed Stories - Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses - U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks - Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame Blogs - IRAQ: The cost of progress - CA POLITICS: Schwarzenegger Selectively Trims GOP Statement - LAKERS: Rising and rising - CLIPPERS: Fire at will, pops - VEGAS: Surreal Life hits the Strip - SCHOOL ME: Long Beach Peeved at Swank Movie California/Local - Gov. offers bold prescription - Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses - In Oakland, Dellums vows to be inclusive Sports - Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame - A new double standard - USOC will bid for 2016 Games Business - Apple unveils iPhone - Next Schwarzenegger target: fuel emissions - Oil line to Europe is cut off National - A shelter far from the streets - Citizen soldiers may be the key to Iraq buildup - Congress is loath to pull purse strings World - U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks - U.S. strike in Somalia aims at 3 fugitives - Working Syria, Iran into talks on Iraq AP News - New Wave of Troops Set for Iraq - Helicopters Strafe al-Qaida in Somalia - Apple Renames Itself, Unveils IPhone - House Advances Anti-Terror Legislation - 50 Militants Reported Killed in Baghdad Obituaries - A.I. Bezzerides, 98; novelist became a screenwriter known for film noir classics - Scooby-Doo creator Iwao Takamoto dies - Itche Goldberg, 102; fixture in communist struggle and a teacher of Yiddish culture ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES TIMES Media Center | L.A. Times Events Jobs at the LA Times IN THE COMMUNITY Times in Education | Reading by 9 L.A. Times Family Fund Opinion The wrong Rx for reform Editorial: It\u0027s unfair for the governor to make employers pay for Californians\u0027 health insurance. Op-Ed: Overdue but unprepared for the Big One EDITORIALS | OP-ED | LETTERS OPINION L.A. BLOG | BITPLAYER BLOG Video Health Monday\u0027s Health Section Custom bikes: Are they worth the dough? Also: The tyranny of children: Parents don\u0027t eat well. Aromatherapy smells fishy. - Editor\u0027s picks: Healthy drinks or lies? Cosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers. Arts \u0026 Culture This guy\u0027s the real deal Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel lights up Disney Hall just as he did the Bowl. - A Paris transplant has designs on L.A. Travel A trip to the Red Center of Oz The fabled Ghan, one of the world\u0027s great rail trips, threads its way through the Outback, where the wild things star. - Atop the world of the Maya Travel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses- U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks- Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame- Gov. offers bold prescription- Windblown fire razes oceanfront houses- In Oakland, Dellums vows to be inclusive- Ripken, Gwynn elected to Hall of Fame- A new double standard- USOC will bid for 2016 Games- Apple unveils iPhone- Next Schwarzenegger target: fuel emissions- Oil line to Europe is cut off- A shelter far from the streets- Citizen soldiers may be the key to Iraq buildup- Congress is loath to pull purse strings- U.S. aircraft launch 2nd wave of Somalia attacks- U.S. strike in Somalia aims at 3 fugitives- Working Syria, Iran into talks on Iraq- New Wave of Troops Set for Iraq- Helicopters Strafe al-Qaida in Somalia- Apple Renames Itself, Unveils IPhone- House Advances Anti-Terror Legislation- 50 Militants Reported Killed in Baghdad- A.I. Bezzerides, 98; novelist became a screenwriter known for film noir classics- Scooby-Doo creator Iwao Takamoto dies- Itche Goldberg, 102; fixture in communist struggle and a teacher of Yiddish culture- Editor\u0027s picks: Healthy drinks or lies?Cosmetic surgery information from our preferred advertisers.- A Paris transplant has designs on L.A.- Atop the world of the MayaTravel Specials \u0026 Deals from our preferred advertisers.- Did \u0027Freedom Writers\u0027 get it wrong?- Sudoku - Crosswords - Horoscopes - Lottery - TV Listings RSS Feeds Style \u0026 flair Get an education in Left Coast home design from an L.A. point of view. \u003e\u003e ExploreCLASSIFIEDSFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell Research Find Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresFind Jobs Find Cars - select - New Used Cert. pre-owned Sell ResearchFind Apartments Find Homes - select - New \u0026 Resale Map Search Luxury Homes Open Houses Find an Agent ForeclosuresPopular Links   - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPopular Links  - Pets - Merchandise - Business Opportunities - Personals - Business directory - Grocery Coupons - Newspaper Ads - All ClassifiedsPlace an Ad  |  Buy a local link   LIVE TRAFFIC MAPS - Greater L.A. - Orange Co. - Inland Empire - Ventura Co. - San Diego Co. WEATHER Tue 79° | 46° Clear Wed 65° | 45° Partly Cloudy \u003e\u003e 5-day forecastTue 79° | 46°ClearWed 65° | 45°Partly Cloudy- Cyber-foodies blog \u0027round-the-clock- In a watery landscape, flowers that swimHome Improvement information from preferred advertisers.- Cher shows her flip sideHome Search | Find an Apartment- Dan Neil\u0027s 800 Words: High Times- U.S. seeks to overhaul vehicle safety ratingsCompare car prices | What\u0027s your car worth?","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":6,"second":42},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
