{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The pilot program, also launched in Boston and Minneapolis, aims to prevent U.S. citizens from traveling abroad to fight alongside terrorist groups.Steve Bisciotti addresses an ESPN report critical of the team\u0027s handling of the Ray Rice investigation; the team issues a detailed rebuttal.Dry roasting may explain why peanut allergies are more common in Western nations than in East Asia.For generations, people of the Four Corners region have battled the federal government over collecting and selling Native American artifacts. Then, agents persuaded a local dealer to go undercover.SEE THE STORYMAVEN has arrived! After a 10-month journey through space, the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN spacecraft finally entered Martian orbit Sunday night. The satellite slipped into a 35-hour elliptical orbit without a hitch, which the scientists will eventually adjust to a 4.5-hour orbit.As a patrol deputy at Carson station, Dennis Conway carried an audio recorder to document what happened when he stopped or arrested someone.The U.S. plan to step up attacks against militants in Iraq and Syria is being delayed until more Arab governments agree to contribute to the operation, the Pentagon\u0027s top officer said Sunday.The California man who was sentenced to prison in North Korea last week deliberately sought to get arrested so he could meet another American imprisoned in the country, negotiate for his release and ultimately expose “the ‘human rights situation” in the country after...Southeast of this city, at a place called Hill of the Flowers, Kurdish forces gaze toward a concrete bridge bedecked with fluttering black flags. The guns of a few Soviet-era tanks peer from a nearby ditch at this makeshift frontier not found on any map.Rather than clamping down on Uber, Garcetti wants to let cabbies compete better.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Afternoon ReportA Los Angeles Times ExclusiveDiscoveries: Science and HealthDon\u0027t Miss: From Today\u0027s TimesCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationVideo: Watch Latest NewsPhotography","h3":"Science NowMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 23 2013 2014 2015 22,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 23 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT232013 2014 201522,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"  L.A. part of new federal effort to deter homegrown jihadists Brian Bennett, Victoria Kim The pilot program, also launched in Boston and Minneapolis, aims to prevent U.S. citizens from traveling abroad to fight alongside terrorist groups.Science Now  Dry-roasting process may turn harmless peanuts into allergy nightmares Dry roasting may explain why peanut allergies are more common in Western nations than in East Asia.A STING IN THE DESERT For generations, people of the Four Corners region have battled the federal government over collecting and selling Native American artifacts. Then, agents persuaded a local dealer to go undercover.SEE THE STORYWelcome to Mars! MAVEN settles in around the Red Planet Amina Khan MAVEN has arrived! After a 10-month journey through space, the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN spacecraft finally entered Martian orbit Sunday night. The satellite slipped into a 35-hour elliptical orbit without a hitch, which the scientists will eventually adjust to a 4.5-hour orbit. "},"timeStamp":20140923002522,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
