{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Officials vote to gradually tighten rules if conservation goals aren\u0027t met. In case of emergency, lawns would only get watered one day a week, and might die off.A new rendering of the proposed stadium in Carson shows a 120-foot-tall tower with a cauldron. when the Chargers score,  lightning bolts will flash. A flame will burn in the cauldron in honor of legendary team owner Al Davis during Raiders games.A new rendering of the proposed stadium in Carson shows a 120-foot-tall tower with a cauldron. when the Chargers score,  lightning bolts will flash. A flame will burn in the cauldron in honor of legendary team owner Al Davis during Raiders games.An aerial view of a new rendering of the proposed $1.7-billion, open-air stadium in Carson that could be the home field for both the Chargers and Raiders.An aerial view of a new rendering of the proposed $1.7-billion, open-air stadium in Carson that could be the home field for both the Chargers and Raiders.A new rendering of the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson shows a side view of the open-air arena.A new rendering of the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson shows a side view of the open-air arena.A look at the field, including a peristyle feature similar to the Coliseum, for a Chargers game at the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson.A look at the field, including a peristyle feature similar to the Coliseum, for a Chargers game at the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson.Spectators arriving for a game could see a giant video board, according to new renderings of the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson.Spectators arriving for a game could see a giant video board, according to new renderings of the proposed $1.7-billion stadium in Carson.Lightning bolts! Flames in honor of Al Davis! New designs show a futuristic NFL stadium plan to be the new home of the Raiders and Chargers in Carson.A magnitude 5.5 earthquake was reported Thursday evening 140 miles west of Eureka, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.Does the arrest in Walter Scott\u0027s slaying mean Black Lives Matter?The Calbuco volcano erupted Wednesday for the first time in more than 42 years, billowing a huge ash cloud over a sparsely populated, mountainous area in southern Chile.The Calbuco volcano erupted Wednesday for the first time in more than 42 years, billowing a huge ash cloud over a sparsely populated, mountainous area in southern Chile.Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announces the \"Clean Streets Initiative,\" aimed at adding 5,000 new trash cans, tracking street cleanliness and deploying a \"strike team\" in areas with heavy dumping.Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announces the \"Clean Streets Initiative,\" aimed at adding 5,000 new trash cans, tracking street cleanliness and deploying a \"strike team\" in areas with heavy dumping.Footage from cameras at the Puerto Montt airport in southern Chile show the exact moment when the Calbuco Volcano erupted Wednesday evening after being dormant for more than 50 years. (Reuters)Footage from cameras at the Puerto Montt airport in southern Chile show the exact moment when the Calbuco Volcano erupted Wednesday evening after being dormant for more than 50 years. (Reuters)Facebook posting its slowest quarterly growth in two years on Wednesday (Apr 22). Big spending on research and development eating into profits. (Reuters)Facebook posting its slowest quarterly growth in two years on Wednesday (Apr 22). Big spending on research and development eating into profits. (Reuters)The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor. SEE THE STORYThe new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"In Entertainment NewsMovie ReviewsCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"New Attorney GeneralL.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 24 2014 2015 2016 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 24 2014 2015 2016MAR APR MAY242014 2015 201622,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"L.A. Now  L.A. could require covers on swimming pools, further cuts in water use Taylor Goldenstein and Matt Stevens Officials vote to gradually tighten rules if conservation goals aren\u0027t met. In case of emergency, lawns would only get watered one day a week, and might die off.NFL Chargers and Raiders show off futuristic new L.A. stadium designs Sam Farmer and Nathan Fenno Lightning bolts! Flames in honor of Al Davis! New designs show a futuristic NFL stadium plan to be the new home of the Raiders and Chargers in Carson. Business Downtown L.A.\u0027s quirky Hotel Figueroa to get Mediterranean makeover The new owners of Hotel Figueroa, a quirky boutique inn dating to the 1920s, are planning a $30-million renovation to bring back its original Spanish Mediterranean decor. SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":20150424040219,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
