{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Southern California\u0027s water wholesaler plans to ration the water it sends amid dwindling regional reserves and a fourth year of drought.The Russian flights are in international airspace, and it\u0027s unclear whether they are testing U.S. defenses, patrolling the area or simply projecting Moscow\u0027s global power.Trying to fashion a shield against a sneak missile attack, military planners gambled on costly projects that flopped, leaving a hole in U.S. homeland defense.A gardener waters the front lawn of a home in Beverly Hills. A gardener waters the front lawn of a home in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills will have to cut water use to comply with Gov. Jerry Brown\u0027s drought order.Beverly Hills will have to cut water use to comply with Gov. Jerry Brown\u0027s drought order.A sign welcomes visitors to Newport Beach. A sign welcomes visitors to Newport Beach.  Newport Beach is one of the heaviest per-capita water using cities in the state. Newport Beach is one of the heaviest per-capita water using cities in the state.There are few signs of California’s epic drought along a stretch of Maple Drive in Beverly Hills.A 26-year-old man was killed Sunday evening after his car collided with a tour bus in Bloomington. Four bus passengers were injured.Opening day headaches are part of the deal for Dodger Stadium neighbors.Trooper saves family from burning home in LockportTrooper saves family from burning home in LockportFans discuss how they got the day off for opening day of the Dodgers 2015 season on April 6.Fans discuss how they got the day off for opening day of the Dodgers 2015 season on April 6.Fans show up to Chavez Ravine to cheer on the Dodgers during their home opener against the San Diego Padres.Fans show up to Chavez Ravine to cheer on the Dodgers during their home opener against the San Diego Padres.Police released a description Monday of a man who simulated the use of a handgun then sexually assaulted and robbed a woman while forcing her male companion to lie facedown in the sand on Manhattan Beach on Easter.Police released a description Monday of a man who simulated the use of a handgun then sexually assaulted and robbed a woman while forcing her male companion to lie facedown in the sand on Manhattan Beach on Easter.Bruce Jenner\u0027s Interview with Diane Sawyer Gets an Air DateBruce Jenner\u0027s Interview with Diane Sawyer Gets an Air DateHundreds of animals were brought to Olvera Street for the annual Blessing of the Animals by Archbishop Jose Gomez. The ceremony dates to the 4th century and is \"held in grateful recognition of the tremendous services given to the human race by the animal kingdom,\" according to church officials....SEE THE STORYJulia Zorthian, left, and Lucia Zezza bring animals from Zorthian Ranch to an annual Blessing of the Animals, which took place at Olvera Street on Saturday.Julia Zorthian, left, and Lucia Zezza bring animals from Zorthian Ranch to an annual Blessing of the Animals, which took place at Olvera Street on Saturday.Snowflake the cat is blessed by Archbishop Jose Gomez.Snowflake the cat is blessed by Archbishop Jose Gomez.Pet owners brought dogs, cats, birds. A pregnant cow named Surapa led the procession of animals past Archbishop Gomez, who was standing under a flower-covered arch.Pet owners brought dogs, cats, birds. A pregnant cow named Surapa led the procession of animals past Archbishop Gomez, who was standing under a flower-covered arch.\"We have plenty of holy water,\" the emcee joked.\"We have plenty of holy water,\" the emcee joked.Pet owners Barbara Tohom, left, and Ivette Aragon carry their dogs, Benji and Chiquita, before participating in an annual Blessing of the Animals.Pet owners Barbara Tohom, left, and Ivette Aragon carry their dogs, Benji and Chiquita, before participating in an annual Blessing of the Animals.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Opening DayIn Entertainment NewsMust ReadsCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"California DroughtL.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 7 2014 2015 2016 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 7 2014 2015 2016MAR APR MAY72014 2015 201618,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16","article":"Science  MWD plans to ration water to Southland districts, cities Bettina Boxall Southern California\u0027s water wholesaler plans to ration the water it sends amid dwindling regional reserves and a fourth year of drought.Nation Intent of Russian military aircraft near U.S. shores remains unclear W.J. Hennigan The Russian flights are in international airspace, and it\u0027s unclear whether they are testing U.S. defenses, patrolling the area or simply projecting Moscow\u0027s global power.Nation A Times Investigation David Willman Trying to fashion a shield against a sneak missile attack, military planners gambled on costly projects that flopped, leaving a hole in U.S. homeland defense.L.A. Now  California\u0027s wealthy lagging in water conservation Frank Shyong, Hailey Branson-Potts and Matt Stevens There are few signs of California’s epic drought along a stretch of Maple Drive in Beverly Hills. LOCAL Blessing of the Animals Hundreds of animals were brought to Olvera Street for the annual Blessing of the Animals by Archbishop Jose Gomez. The ceremony dates to the 4th century and is \"held in grateful recognition of the tremendous services given to the human race by the animal kingdom,\" according to church officials....SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":15,"second":23},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
