{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Spc. Aaron Schade and his wife, Amanda, prepare to be photographed with their twin boys upon his return to North Carolina from Afghanistan in July 2014.Spc. Aaron Schade and his wife, Amanda, prepare to be photographed with their twin boys upon his return to North Carolina from Afghanistan in July 2014.The American flag is raised at 6:30 a.m. last Sept. 11, part of the daily routine at Ft. Bragg in North Carolina.The American flag is raised at 6:30 a.m. last Sept. 11, part of the daily routine at Ft. Bragg in North Carolina.Chief Warrant Officer 4 Sonia Graves-Rivers holds grandson Alessio, 6 months, last September at Ft. Bragg as son Staff Sgt. Jovano Graves and grandaughter Aysabey, 4, look on.Chief Warrant Officer 4 Sonia Graves-Rivers holds grandson Alessio, 6 months, last September at Ft. Bragg as son Staff Sgt. Jovano Graves and grandaughter Aysabey, 4, look on.Army Chief Warrant Officer 4 Sonia Graves-Rivers has been in the service for over three decades. In addition to coming from a long line of service members, she married a military man.Army Chief Warrant Officer 4 Sonia Graves-Rivers has been in the service for over three decades. In addition to coming from a long line of service members, she married a military man.Soldiers go through routine weapons practice last September at Ft. Bragg, N.C.Soldiers go through routine weapons practice last September at Ft. Bragg, N.C.Despite civilians\u0027 widespread admiration for troops, there\u0027s little overlap between their worlds. \u0027We\u0027ve disconnected the consequences of war from the American public,\u0027 one expert says.A section of broken pipeline that spilled thousands of gallons of oil along the Santa Barbara County coast could be dug up for inspection before the end of Memorial Day weekend, officials said Saturday.At the high point of the hike in the Angeles National Forest, about 35 miles northeast of downtown L.A., there are 360-degree views. On a clear day, you can see Mt. Wilson, downtown and even the ocean.At the high point of the hike in the Angeles National Forest, about 35 miles northeast of downtown L.A., there are 360-degree views. On a clear day, you can see Mt. Wilson, downtown and even the ocean.The first part of the hike is along the pine-lined and paved Forest Service Road 3N16. The first part of the hike is along the pine-lined and paved Forest Service Road 3N16. Mountaintops loom ahead as you walk up from the trailhead. This hike is a great introduction to the many Angeles National Forest trails along the Angeles Crest Highway.Mountaintops loom ahead as you walk up from the trailhead. This hike is a great introduction to the many Angeles National Forest trails along the Angeles Crest Highway.Along the hike, you can still see evidence of the devastation of the 2009 Station Fire. Along the hike, you can still see evidence of the devastation of the 2009 Station Fire. Charred bark on a fallen tree seen on the walk up shows the effects of the 2009 Station Fire, which burned more than 160,000 acres and caused the deaths of two firefighters. Charred bark on a fallen tree seen on the walk up shows the effects of the 2009 Station Fire, which burned more than 160,000 acres and caused the deaths of two firefighters. Just 35 miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles, this Charlton Flats walk is a great introduction to the many Angeles National Forest hiking trails along the Angeles Crest Highway.A custom all-wood front door greets visitors. Architect Ana Henton wanted the house to look as though it was “carved into the hillside.”A custom all-wood front door greets visitors. Architect Ana Henton wanted the house to look as though it was “carved into the hillside.”The house was built on top of rock, which was left exposed to give the impression that the house is part of the hillside.The house was built on top of rock, which was left exposed to give the impression that the house is part of the hillside.A chandelier-art piece, titled \"LoveCraft,\" by Los Angeles artist Eddy Sykes hangs in a stairwell.A chandelier-art piece, titled \"LoveCraft,\" by Los Angeles artist Eddy Sykes hangs in a stairwell.A Boffi designed \"chef-driven\" kitchen, is on the main, third level of the Hollywood Hills home. A Boffi designed \"chef-driven\" kitchen, is on the main, third level of the Hollywood Hills home. A vase of godetias, also known as farewell-to-spring flowers, adorns the stainless steel countertop. Ana Henton bought them on one of her weekly trips to the L.A. Flower Market in downtown Los Angeles.A vase of godetias, also known as farewell-to-spring flowers, adorns the stainless steel countertop. Ana Henton bought them on one of her weekly trips to the L.A. Flower Market in downtown Los Angeles.Steep hillside lot: How do you build a house in that? Ana Henton found a way. A sea lion sent to SeaWorld San Diego from the oil spill at Refugio Beach has died, but two other animals that were covered with oil continue to be treated, park officials said Saturday.Jade Helm -- as sinister as the interstate highway system and fluoridation.MLB players pay tributes for Memorial DayMLB players pay tributes for Memorial DayDoris Tillman has had no running water in her home since August. She fills up the 5-gallon jugs at a water dispenser twice a week, and uses the water for bathing, cooking and washing dishes.Doris Tillman has had no running water in her home since August. She fills up the 5-gallon jugs at a water dispenser twice a week, and uses the water for bathing, cooking and washing dishes.Crews work to contain thousands of gallons of oil sludge while trained volunteers search for affected marine wildlife. The spill near Refugio State Beach occurred Tuesday. Authorities say the accident may have released as much as 105,000 gallons of crudel.Crews work to contain thousands of gallons of oil sludge while trained volunteers search for affected marine wildlife. The spill near Refugio State Beach occurred Tuesday. Authorities say the accident may have released as much as 105,000 gallons of crudel.The results of a 13-month California Highway Patrol investigation into a bus crash that killed 10 people in Orland were announced Wednesday.The results of a 13-month California Highway Patrol investigation into a bus crash that killed 10 people in Orland were announced Wednesday.A dancer with Los Angeles Ballet tapes her feet before beginning rehearsals at LAB\u0027s West L.A. studios in April. Its last production of its ninth season is \"Directors\u0027 Choice/Masterworks of the 20th Century,\" with a show at Glendale\u0027s Alex Theatre on May 30 and a final show at UCLA\u0027s Royce HallA dancer with Los Angeles Ballet tapes her feet before beginning rehearsals at LAB\u0027s West L.A. studios in April. Its last production of its ninth season is \"Directors\u0027 Choice/Masterworks of the 20th Century,\" with a show at Glendale\u0027s Alex Theatre on May 30 and a final show at UCLA\u0027s Royce HallLos Angeles Ballet dancers Bianca Bulle, from left, Allyssa Bross and Ashley Millar tape their feet and prepare their pointe shoes for rehearsal at LAB\u0027s studios in West L.A. in April.Los Angeles Ballet dancers Bianca Bulle, from left, Allyssa Bross and Ashley Millar tape their feet and prepare their pointe shoes for rehearsal at LAB\u0027s studios in West L.A. in April.Los Angeles Ballet soloist Bianca Bulle uses a lighter to burn the ends of her pointe shoe ribbons before rehearsal at LAB\u0027s studios in West L.A. in April.Los Angeles Ballet soloist Bianca Bulle uses a lighter to burn the ends of her pointe shoe ribbons before rehearsal at LAB\u0027s studios in West L.A. in April.A Los Angeles Ballet dancer rubs her pointe shoes in rosin to help better grip the floors  before rehearsals start at LAB\u0027s West L.A. studios.A Los Angeles Ballet dancer rubs her pointe shoes in rosin to help better grip the floors  before rehearsals start at LAB\u0027s West L.A. studios.Los Angeles Ballet dancers in pointe shoes stretch before rehearsals at the company\u0027s West L.A. studios.Los Angeles Ballet dancers in pointe shoes stretch before rehearsals at the company\u0027s West L.A. studios.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Weekend ReportAmerica\u0027s All-Volunteer Army: Military and civilians are increasingly dividedMemorial Day WeekendAt Charlton Flats, in Angeles National Forest, see spectacular viewsDisneyland at 60Home \u0026 DesignSolutions to a home-building challenge in the Hollywood HillsCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s Videos Behind the scenes at Los Angeles BalletOther Photo Galleries","h3":"Crews working to dig up broken oil pipeline in Santa Barbara CountyRevised charges against Baltimore officers raise questions about caseIreland becomes first country to legalize gay marriage through a popular voteNSA begins shutting down phone tracking with Senate unable to reach accordCleveland officer acquitted in killings after wild 2012 car chase\u0027The Naked and the Dead,\u0027 \u0027Slaughterhouse Five\u0027 and other essential Memorial Day booksMemorial Day war marathon on TCMSimple tips for summer grillingNBA treads lightly but significantly into world of legalized gamblingUFC 187 Live Coverage: Anthony Johnson vs. Daniel Cormier/Chris Weidman vs. Vitor BelfortQ\u0026A: Expert on Chinese food talks bad fortune cookies and why L.A. is better than S.F.Outta here: Reds manager ejected before game even startsArchitect junkies: Here\u0027s your chance to peek inside some of Pasadena\u0027s most charming homes60th anniversary Diamond Celebration at DisneylandDisneyland adding new special effects to classic ridesDisneyland to offer new souvenirs, snacks, drinks for anniversaryFloral wallpapers that will make you forget the droughtOutdoor furniture designs that are durable and brighten your yardCandlelight vigil, memorial walk to mark anniversary of Isla Vista shootingsA garage with a view in Hollywood HillsShark warnings greet Huntington Beach holiday surfers, swimmersTamale-shaped building at center of preservation disputeSeeing celebrities\u0027 graves at Los Angeles area cemeteriesL.A. Now View the BlogSea lion brought to SeaWorld from Santa Barbara oil spill diesLaguna Beach imposes 45-day moratorium on short-term rentalsMemorial Day ceremony to remember a fallen Marine -- and his fatherGroundwater contamination a growing problem in L.A. County wells\u0027Victory parade\u0027 car chase ends when bystander blocks driver\u0027s pathMemorial Day, 150 years ago: the first Decoration DayLesson of Santa Barbara oil spill: Leave petroleum in the groundHow the city controller race led to revelations about DWP nonprofitsMore From OpinionOperation Jade Helm: Crank up the conspiraciesIt\u0027s not just a \u0027California drought\u0027A look at the nation\u0027s leftward shift on social issuesRewrite body camera bill or put it asideControl guns, not information on making themThe Week in PicturesFrom the Archives: Baby oil, Seal Beach-style, 1966David Letterman\u0027s last show",".snippet":"","h4":"State Legislature advances vaccine, carpooling bills, other measuresChina, Taiwan meet to promote solid relations, economic gainsSlain Archbishop Oscar Romero\u0027s beatified; Angelenos celebrate3.3 quake is latest to hit Baldwin Hills","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 24 2014 2015 2016 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 24 2014 2015 2016APR MAY JUN242014 2015 201622,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"Nation  America\u0027s All-Volunteer Army: Military and civilians are increasingly divided David Zucchino and David S. Cloud Despite civilians\u0027 widespread admiration for troops, there\u0027s little overlap between their worlds. \u0027We\u0027ve disconnected the consequences of war from the American public,\u0027 one expert says.Science At Charlton Flats, in Angeles National Forest, see spectacular views Charles Fleming Just 35 miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles, this Charlton Flats walk is a great introduction to the many Angeles National Forest hiking trails along the Angeles Crest Highway.Solutions to a home-building challenge in the Hollywood Hills Marissa Gluck Steep hillside lot: How do you build a house in that? Ana Henton found a way. ARTS \u0026 ENTERTAINMENT Behind the scenes at Los Angeles Ballet"},"timeStamp":20150524033726,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
