{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Baltimore State\u0027s Atty. Marilyn Mosby brings criminal charges against the six officers involved in the fatal arrest and transport.Yelp\u0027s Elite system rewards its longtime and prolific reviewers with parties, privileges and swag.This week\u0027s picks include the Chipotle of Indian food, a supernatural show balancing procedural elements with epic drama and a play with a Chekhov-like level of suffering and compassion.A man and his 6-month-old son were killed late Thursday when he walked onto the 10 Freeway in Beaumont after getting into an argument with his girlfriend, officials said.The Nepalese people deserve and should demand more from their government.City State\u0027s Attorney Marilyn Mosby announces charges filed in Freddie Gray\u0027s death. (Complete statement)City State\u0027s Attorney Marilyn Mosby announces charges filed in Freddie Gray\u0027s death. (Complete statement)Long Beach Fire Department responded to a vehicle over the side call around 4 a.m. Friday where the Anaheim Street bridge crosses over the Los Angeles River. Three victims were pronounced dead at the scene.Long Beach Fire Department responded to a vehicle over the side call around 4 a.m. Friday where the Anaheim Street bridge crosses over the Los Angeles River. Three victims were pronounced dead at the scene.Being a Diavolo dancer is not easy. Artistic Director Jacques Heim is a passionate, no-nonsense visionary. Trishna Patel spent time with the troupe as it prepared for \"Cubicle,\" which debuts at the Broad Stage on May 1.Being a Diavolo dancer is not easy. Artistic Director Jacques Heim is a passionate, no-nonsense visionary. Trishna Patel spent time with the troupe as it prepared for \"Cubicle,\" which debuts at the Broad Stage on May 1.Tesla CEO Elon Musk presented his new Powerwall solar batteries on Thursday. Musk says the batteries could dramatically reduce the use of fossil fuels by replacing use of the power grid. (Associated Press)Tesla CEO Elon Musk presented his new Powerwall solar batteries on Thursday. Musk says the batteries could dramatically reduce the use of fossil fuels by replacing use of the power grid. (Associated Press)The family of Charly Leundeu Keunang, a man fatally shot by police on skid row, filed a $20-million claim against city of Los Angeles.The family of Charly Leundeu Keunang, a man fatally shot by police on skid row, filed a $20-million claim against city of Los Angeles.On Saturday, two dozen locations throughout Los Angeles County will offer ways for birders and bird lovers to celebrate feathered things. SEE THE STORYCanada goose goslings forage near a pond at Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park. Canada goose goslings forage near a pond at Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park. Birds perch on the branches of a tree at Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park in South Los Angeles.Birds perch on the branches of a tree at Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park in South Los Angeles.A Canada goose and goslings swim across a pond. A Canada goose and goslings swim across a pond. Parkgoers attract the attention of water birds swimming in a pond. Parkgoers attract the attention of water birds swimming in a pond.  Dan Cooper, an authority on California bird ecology, scouts the grounds of Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park.  Dan Cooper, an authority on California bird ecology, scouts the grounds of Earvin \"Magic\" Johnson Park. ","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Baltimore Investigation\u0027Fight of the Century\u0027In Entertainment NewsCritics\u0027 PicksCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"TeslaL.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 2 2014 2015 2016 22,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 2 2014 2015 2016APR MAY JUN22014 2015 201622,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"Nation  Freddie Gray\u0027s family \u0027shocked\u0027 by swift charges Timothy M. Phelps and Michael Muskal Baltimore State\u0027s Atty. Marilyn Mosby brings criminal charges against the six officers involved in the fatal arrest and transport.Food For some Yelp reviewers, it pays to be Elite Jenn Harris Yelp\u0027s Elite system rewards its longtime and prolific reviewers with parties, privileges and swag.What to watch, where to go, what to eat and more Los Angeles Times Staff This week\u0027s picks include the Chipotle of Indian food, a supernatural show balancing procedural elements with epic drama and a play with a Chekhov-like level of suffering and compassion. L.A. Now Bird L.A. Day On Saturday, two dozen locations throughout Los Angeles County will offer ways for birders and bird lovers to celebrate feathered things. SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":20150502001511,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
