{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"In a ruling with major implications for California\u0027s water conservation campaign, a state appeals court rules that a tiered water rate structure used by San Juan Capistrano to encourage conservation is unconstitutional.Autos reporter Jerry Hirsch goes for a ride with Indy legend Mario Andretti.Autos reporter Jerry Hirsch goes for a ride with Indy legend Mario Andretti.Sitting behind Mario Andretti, I felt my stomach flip into my lungs as we lurched onto the racetrack at the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach.Two of the 12 population segments that would be removed from both the endangered and threatened species lists generally travel near California, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says.The search for a sea lion pup and the group of people who stole it from a state beach in Los Angeles continued Monday, with officials saying the LAPD’s animal cruelty division was taking over the investigation.We\u0027ve seen water recycling momentum run down the drain when rain comes. Let\u0027s hope it\u0027s different this time.Los Angeles Times television critic Mary McNamara and staff writer Diana Marcum won Pulitzer Prizes for cultural criticism and feature writing respectively.Los Angeles Times television critic Mary McNamara and staff writer Diana Marcum won Pulitzer Prizes for cultural criticism and feature writing respectively.Motorists were expected to face heavier traffic in Santa Monica as a yearlong reconstruction project for the California Incline Bridge got underway on Sunday evening, hours earlier than scheduled. Jennifer Gould reports from Santa Monica for the KTLA 5 MoMotorists were expected to face heavier traffic in Santa Monica as a yearlong reconstruction project for the California Incline Bridge got underway on Sunday evening, hours earlier than scheduled. Jennifer Gould reports from Santa Monica for the KTLA 5 MoFBI: Examiners made statements exceeding the limits of science in 90 percent of testimonies. (WGN-TV)FBI: Examiners made statements exceeding the limits of science in 90 percent of testimonies. (WGN-TV)A street racing sting operation in the Broadway-Manchester neighborhood of South Los Angeles resulted in 44 arrests, more than 200 citations and dozens of cars being towed early Monday, authorities said. Mark Mester reports from South L.A. for the KTLA 5A street racing sting operation in the Broadway-Manchester neighborhood of South Los Angeles resulted in 44 arrests, more than 200 citations and dozens of cars being towed early Monday, authorities said. Mark Mester reports from South L.A. for the KTLA 5Attendees of the Festival of Books answer the question: What was the last book you read and what did you think of it?Attendees of the Festival of Books answer the question: What was the last book you read and what did you think of it?Brush fire near Prado Dam in Chino Hills spreads.SEE THE STORY","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Pulitzer Prize WinnersIn Entertainment NewsDiscoveries: Science and HealthCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"California DroughtL.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 21 2014 2015 2016 22,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 21 2014 2015 2016MAR APR MAY212014 2015 201622,882 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"L.A. Now  In blow to water conservation, court rejects O.C. city\u0027s tiered rates Matt Stevens In a ruling with major implications for California\u0027s water conservation campaign, a state appeals court rules that a tiered water rate structure used by San Juan Capistrano to encourage conservation is unconstitutional.Autos Joy ride: Hitting the racetrack with Mario Andretti Jerry Hirsch Sitting behind Mario Andretti, I felt my stomach flip into my lungs as we lurched onto the racetrack at the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach.Most humpback whales could be removed from endangered species list James Queally Two of the 12 population segments that would be removed from both the endangered and threatened species lists generally travel near California, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says. L.A. Now Prado Dam fire Brush fire near Prado Dam in Chino Hills spreads.SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":20150421005420,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
