{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"\u0027In my generation, we know our rights and we feel that this is wrong to sell our memories and our history,\u0027 says a woman who was born in one of the WWII-era camps.The jail building at the Tule Lake Segregation Camp in Newell, Calif.The jail building at the Tule Lake Segregation Camp in Newell, Calif.Few buildings remain at the Tule Lake Segregation Camp in Newell, Calif. It was one of the camps used to hold Japanese Americans in World War II.Few buildings remain at the Tule Lake Segregation Camp in Newell, Calif. It was one of the camps used to hold Japanese Americans in World War II. A message written by a prisoner at the Tule Lake internment camp near California\u0027s border with Oregon. A message written by a prisoner at the Tule Lake internment camp near California\u0027s border with Oregon.Players take the field for a game at the Tule Lake internment camp in 1944.Players take the field for a game at the Tule Lake internment camp in 1944.Japanese internees wait to be told their assigned places at California\u0027s Manzanar camp in 1942.Japanese internees wait to be told their assigned places at California\u0027s Manzanar camp in 1942.The drought-spurred criticism of the almond ignores all its uses beyond the nuts you eat. It helps make electricity, milk and even clean air.J.J. Abrams and Kathleen Kennedy made bold promises for the ¿Star Wars¿ universe on Thursday morning.A former South Bay schools superintendent fired last year following a furor over his $750,000-plus annual pay package is suing the Centinela Valley Union High School District for wrongful termination, age discrimination and other alleged legal violations.Why the push by Congress to interfere with the Iran nuclear talks?The LAPD responds to an afternoon shooting in the Palms neighborhood of Los Angeles.The LAPD responds to an afternoon shooting in the Palms neighborhood of Los Angeles.A look at the vibe and style of two parties at Coachella 2015: Neon Carnival and the H\u0026M Loves Coachella partyA look at the vibe and style of two parties at Coachella 2015: Neon Carnival and the H\u0026M Loves Coachella partyL.A. Times Clippers blogger Melissa Rohlin breaks down the first-round playoff series. L.A. Times Clippers blogger Melissa Rohlin breaks down the first-round playoff series. Skydiver\u0027s dropped helmet cam records 1000-meter plunge to EarthSkydiver\u0027s dropped helmet cam records 1000-meter plunge to EarthA 28-year-old Rancho Cucamonga woman was arrested after leaving her 4-year-old daughter home alone while taking a day trip to San Diego, authorities said Wednesday.A 28-year-old Rancho Cucamonga woman was arrested after leaving her 4-year-old daughter home alone while taking a day trip to San Diego, authorities said Wednesday.Once a source of civic pride, the neoclassical bank building succumbed to age and blight as downtown residents fled to the suburbs and businesses moved to more modern high-rises nearby. In recent years, architecture critics dubbed it one of the top ten eyesores in Los Angeles.SEE THE STORYA colonnade adorns the top two floors of the Giannini Place building at Olive and 7th streets in downtown Los Angeles.A colonnade adorns the top two floors of the Giannini Place building at Olive and 7th streets in downtown Los Angeles.Ornate features include a gilded ceiling in the lobby of the former Bank of Italy building at Giannini Place in downtown Los Angeles.Ornate features include a gilded ceiling in the lobby of the former Bank of Italy building at Giannini Place in downtown Los Angeles.A pigeon perches above one of the gargoyles on the vacant Giannini Place building, once home to the Bank of Italy.A pigeon perches above one of the gargoyles on the vacant Giannini Place building, once home to the Bank of Italy.Alex Baum-Stein of developer Sydell Group walks up a stairwell at Giannini Place in downtown Los Angeles. The building, at Olive and 7th streets, will be redeveloped as a hotel.Alex Baum-Stein of developer Sydell Group walks up a stairwell at Giannini Place in downtown Los Angeles. The building, at Olive and 7th streets, will be redeveloped as a hotel.An ornate ceiling adorns the main entrance to the Giannini Place building at Olive and 7th streets in downtown Los Angeles. Built in the 1920s, the structure housed the Bank of Italy, which later became Bank of America.An ornate ceiling adorns the main entrance to the Giannini Place building at Olive and 7th streets in downtown Los Angeles. Built in the 1920s, the structure housed the Bank of Italy, which later became Bank of America.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Festival of BooksStars Wars CelebrationCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"PoliticsL.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 17 2014 2015 2016 18,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 17 2014 2015 2016MAR APR MAY172014 2015 201618,915 captures 21 Dec 96 - 3 Feb 16","article":"CALIFORNIA  Japanese Americans\u0027 protests halt auction of internment camp items Catherine Saillant \u0027In my generation, we know our rights and we feel that this is wrong to sell our memories and our history,\u0027 says a woman who was born in one of the WWII-era camps.Robin Abcarian Column: One-gallon-to-one-almond statistic is deeply misleading, growers say Robin Abcarian The drought-spurred criticism of the almond ignores all its uses beyond the nuts you eat. It helps make electricity, milk and even clean air.  Tears, droids and J.J. Abrams open the Anaheim fan convention Todd Martens J.J. Abrams and Kathleen Kennedy made bold promises for the ¿Star Wars¿ universe on Thursday morning. Commercial Real Estate Giannini Place, a 1920s landmark in downtown L.A., will be converted to a hotel Once a source of civic pride, the neoclassical bank building succumbed to age and blight as downtown residents fled to the suburbs and businesses moved to more modern high-rises nearby. In recent years, architecture critics dubbed it one of the top ten eyesores in Los Angeles.SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":40,"second":5},"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
