{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The results of the investigation were sent to prosecutors who will decide whether to bring charges against any of the six officers who were involved in arresting and transporting the man whose death ignited a riot.People gathered in several areas in New York to protest the death of Freddie Gray.People gathered in several areas in New York to protest the death of Freddie Gray.U.S. sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the U.S. command ship Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations on May 1, 1975.U.S. sailors transfer a South Vietnamese boy from the U.S. command ship Blue Ridge to a merchant vessel off the South Vietnam coast during evacuations on May 1, 1975.South Vietnamese civilians desperate to get aboard evacuation flights try to scale the walls of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon on the day the city fell, April 30, 1975.South Vietnamese civilians desperate to get aboard evacuation flights try to scale the walls of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon on the day the city fell, April 30, 1975.Lewis Sorley, a preeminent chronicler of the war, lays blame for the U.S. defeat on a failure of political conviction at a key moment when a changed command strategy was turning the war\u0027s tide.Will character count in the 2015 NFL draft? Troubled prospects (from left) Shane Ray, La\u0027el Collins and Jameis Winston will find out on Thursday along with Marcus Mariota.Will character count in the 2015 NFL draft? Troubled prospects (from left) Shane Ray, La\u0027el Collins and Jameis Winston will find out on Thursday along with Marcus Mariota.The first round of the NFL draft will reveal how much character counts when it comes to making selections.Police in the Bay Area continued Thursday to look for a man involved in a home invasion in Fremont that led to an officer-involved shooting near Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park.The new Vietnam meets the diaspora, with a glass of champagne.A sea lion was safely rescued from the streets of San Francisco Marina District early Thursday after it apparently wandered from the Bay. (Associated Press)A sea lion was safely rescued from the streets of San Francisco Marina District early Thursday after it apparently wandered from the Bay. (Associated Press)When the Vietnam War ended, refugees fled to America. Many entered via Camp Pendleton. Hear two stories about the journey, along with an American\u0027s memory of entertaining refugees.When the Vietnam War ended, refugees fled to America. Many entered via Camp Pendleton. Hear two stories about the journey, along with an American\u0027s memory of entertaining refugees.Who was the girl with the elfin face, peeking from a photo with her great-grandmother, the oldest resident at the refugee camp? It has been 40 years since four generations of her family escaped Vietnam. Now learn about their saga.Who was the girl with the elfin face, peeking from a photo with her great-grandmother, the oldest resident at the refugee camp? It has been 40 years since four generations of her family escaped Vietnam. Now learn about their saga.Several dozen people marched down West Florissant Avenue in the St. Louis suburb on Wednesday night, protesting the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray and calling for police reforms. (KTVI...Several dozen people marched down West Florissant Avenue in the St. Louis suburb on Wednesday night, protesting the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray and calling for police reforms. (KTVI...Police in South Los Angeles were expected to release surveillance video Thursday showing a person of interest who was last seen with a missing grandmother. Jennifer Gould reports from South Los Angeles for the KTLA 5 Morning News on April 30, 2015.Police in South Los Angeles were expected to release surveillance video Thursday showing a person of interest who was last seen with a missing grandmother. Jennifer Gould reports from South Los Angeles for the KTLA 5 Morning News on April 30, 2015.The Baltimore Orioles-White Sox game Wednesday has been closed to the public, the first time ever that there will be no fans at a Major League Baseball game.SEE THE STORY","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"In Entertainment NewsNFL DraftCalifornia StoriesIn the ConversationToday\u0027s VideosOther Photo Galleries","h3":"\u0027Fight of the Century\u0027L.A. Now View the BlogMore From Opinion",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 30 2014 2015 2016 22,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 30 2014 2015 2016MAR APR MAY302014 2015 201622,842 captures 21 Dec 96 - 2 Sep 16","article":"Nation  Baltimore prosecutor calls for patience after receiving police findings on Freddie Gray Timothy M. Phelps and Michael Muskal The results of the investigation were sent to prosecutors who will decide whether to bring charges against any of the six officers who were involved in arresting and transporting the man whose death ignited a riot.Asia Vietnam lesson endures, 40 years after Saigon\u0027s fall Carol J. Williams Lewis Sorley, a preeminent chronicler of the war, lays blame for the U.S. defeat on a failure of political conviction at a key moment when a changed command strategy was turning the war\u0027s tide.NFL It\u0027s a question of character and how much it matters in NFL draft Sam Farmer The first round of the NFL draft will reveal how much character counts when it comes to making selections. Sports \u0027Ghost game\u0027 at Camden Yards in Baltimore The Baltimore Orioles-White Sox game Wednesday has been closed to the public, the first time ever that there will be no fans at a Major League Baseball game.SEE THE STORY"},"timeStamp":20150430175040,"articleSource":"http://www.latimes.com/"}
