{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"other communitiesview more:nextfeedback | bookmarklets | buttons | widget | store | advertise WIRED.com  -  WIRED How-ToUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy(c) 2007 CondeNet, Inc. All rights reserved.all it takes is a username and passwordusername:email:  (optional)password:verify password:remember meI understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy.create accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?username:password:remember meloginforgot your password?","h1":"create a new accountlogin",".title":"xkcd: Couple10 Reasons Not to Vote for Ron PaulAn IP address belonging to the House of Representatives edited Wikipedia article to draw connection between Iraq and Al-QaedaAnti-Gay Boy Scout Leader Arrested.... For Molesting BoysIreland has become the first country in the world to ban the traditional lightbulb.Incredibly Detailed List of Easter Eggs in Pixar Movies98 percent of American women have done it. 37 million Americans are currently doing it. Most of the GOP candidates oppose it. What is it?Captain-Obvious has Returned!Catholic Church prior to 20th Century: \"It is lawful to procure abortion before ensoulment of the fetus, lest a girl, detected pregnant, be killed or defamed.\"\"“J.F.K.’s speech was to reassure Americans that he wasn’t a religious fanatic,” ... “Mitt’s was to tell evangelical Christians, ‘I’m a religious fanatic just like you.’”\"Fuck the certain price of goods (pic)Dear Reddit gods: Please create a \"talked about\" link up next to the hot and new links, and only put those that have the most comments there.Stonehenge: The Incredibly Simple Secret of How It Was BuiltGmail: The Only Ad I Have Ever Clicked.Brilliant Ad for Fast Drying Concrete [pic]Amazon review of Bic Crystal ballpoint penPhone Call to \u0027Secret\u0027 White House Line Could Result in 16 Year-Old Student Being \"Banned From Ever Entering the United States\"Mysterious mammal caught on filmTom Was Delicious [Pic]NYPD Brownshirts deploy primarily to instill fear into the public mind\"Dear Children...\" [pic] [xmas]Why I regret getting straight A\u0027s in College.Is being a niche language developer good for your career?Reddit, Slashdot, and Digg in Cartoon Form -- Because it is Still So TrueThe men and women calling themselves Democrats and sitting in Congress are the biggest bunch of liars this country has ever seen","h2":"please log in or register in to vote for the links you like or dislike. this will affect their ranking  and  help customize reddit for you.","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 10 2006 2007 2008 35,186 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 10 2006 2007 2008NOV DEC JAN102006 2007 200835,186 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16want to join? register in seconds | submit | help | bloghotnewbrowsestats search remember merecover password loginother communitiesprogramming science politics business gadgets sports gaming entertainmentplease log in or register in to vote for the links you like or dislike. this will affect their ranking  and  help customize reddit for you.create a new account all it takes is a username and password username: email:  (optional) password: verify password: remember me I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy. create account is it really that easy? only one way to find out... login already have an account and just want to login? username: password: remember me login forgot your password?","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":11,"minute":7,"second":42},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
