{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"other communitiesview more:nextfeedback | bookmarklets | buttons | widget | store | advertise WIRED.com  -  WIRED How-ToUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy(c) 2007 CondeNet, Inc. All rights reserved.all it takes is a username and passwordusername:email:  (optional)password:verify password:remember meI understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy.create accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?username:password:remember meloginforgot your password?","h1":"create a new accountlogin",".title":"In a few hours, “Majority” Leader Harry Reid will screw over the Constitution and the American people and give George Bush exactly what he wants, immunity for lawbreaking telecom companies.Train vs. Snow [video]Icelandic woman detained by Homeland Security, chained, sent to prison and denied food and drink for 14 hours. For which crime? Staying three weeks too long in the US, 12 years ago.If anyone cares, Cheney\u0027s Justice Department just issued a legal opinion that the Office of the Vice President is still a magical fourth branch of government where laws don\u0027t apply.Imagine a Ron Paul Presidency. Four Years Of, \"No, I’m vetoing it, it’s not in the Constitution… no, I’m vetoing that too, it’s not in the Constitution.”CNN: Ron Paul Jumps From 2% To 11% In South CarolinaI suspect Wikipedia is going to get sued for today\u0027s featured article.Fancy a dip? (Flickr pic)Dana Perino: It’s ‘Awkward’ Having ‘Other Channels’ Besides Fox News At White House PartiesCramer on Mad Money Hosts Ron Paul for a Turnaround Interview!Cautionary Tale of What Happens when Abortion \u0026 Contraception are OutlawedWhen one person can initiate war, by its definition, a republic no longer exists.Opensolaris uses 0xDEFEC8ED as the magic number core dumps.Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years. Why is everyone in such a rush?Ron Paul On Mad Money.Rednecks build spider mech!What if Garfield was real?The Ron Paul Blimp is not a hoax [pics]Why did this superb critique of Vista disappear from Reddit?I Will Not Support Hillary Clinton for PresidentCreationists claim ID is true because man has never witnessed one species turn into another. The Drosophila experiment proves otherwise.The Loneliest Mystery of the Deep\"if you remove all the text of Garfield\u0027s speech, or thoughts, or whatever that is...it becomes an oddly surrealist comic.\"Think the lumpfish was bad? This is a blobfish. It may give you nightmares.On the Fundamentals of Programming","h2":"please log in or register in to vote for the links you like or dislike. this will affect their ranking  and  help customize reddit for you.","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 15 2006 2007 2008 35,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 15 2006 2007 2008NOV DEC JAN152006 2007 200835,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16want to join? register in seconds | submit | help | bloghotnewbrowsestats search remember merecover password loginother communitiesprogramming science politics business gadgets sports gaming entertainmentplease log in or register in to vote for the links you like or dislike. this will affect their ranking  and  help customize reddit for you.create a new account all it takes is a username and password username: email:  (optional) password: verify password: remember me I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy. create account is it really that easy? only one way to find out... login already have an account and just want to login? username: password: remember me login forgot your password?","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":18,"second":25},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
