{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The Thinking Man\u0027s Guide to Pleasuring a Woman (amazon.com)promoted by qgyh2sponsored linkStretch Kitteh likes the STREEEEEEEEEEEEETCH. (youtube.com)submitted 3 hours ago by FacingFelicity to awwJoe Rogan may or may not be a Redditor... Apparently Muhammed Ali was. (twitter.com)submitted 5 minutes ago by MrImSoGreat to reddit.comChild Care SPAM (reddit.com)submitted 4 minutes ago by backpackwayne to reddit.comElle French doesn’t let Friday the 13th give them a fright (blog.myfdb.com)submitted 5 minutes ago by PaulaHoffman to reddit.comI can get out of bed at 2 a.m. to have Nutella straight out of the bottle. IAmA grownup. AMA. (self.IAmA)submitted 4 minutes ago by shakeeshakee to IAmAI think constricting anus... 100 times in succession everyday is effective to good-bye depression and take back youth. You can do so at a boring meeting or in a subway. (amazon.com)promoted by qgyh2sponsored linkOf Azaadi And Kashmiri And Other False Words (greatbong.net)submitted 5 minutes ago by wwmargera to politicsBarack \"George Bush\" Obama Demands Access to Internet Records, in Secret, Without Court Review (uruknet.info)submitted 20 minutes ago by Bristol_Palin to politics\"every single scene is an essential element that contributes to the final result: a masterpiece that captures the drama of enduring friendship and resiliency of the human spirit more powerfully than any other film ever made\" (amazon.com)promoted by DrFrost501sponsored linkSometimes reddit needs to ask the community to help fight spam. This is your chance to take part in that. Click here for more info.This sponsored link is an advertisement generated with our self-serve advertisement tool. .Use of this tool is open to all members or reddit.com, and for as little as $20 you can advertise in this area. Get started »Click here to close help.This area shows new and upcoming links. Vote on links here to help them become popular, and click the forwards and backwards buttons to view more.Click here to close help.I said this at a Dairy Queen drive through yesterday. My girlfriend did not find it funny. I think she has no sense of humor. (self.funny)submitted 3 hours ago by jasontimmer to funnyOh, reddit (imgur.com)submitted 11 hours ago by multivoxmuse to picsWe invited the president to our wedding... this is what we got in return. (i.imgur.com)submitted 14 hours ago by americanwageslave to reddit.comHow did lindsay lohan get blamed for the burn book? she was in fucking africa when most of it was written (self.WTF)submitted 6 hours ago by question3 to WTFThis is what happens if you end with 4th place in Mario Kart 64 (youtube.com)submitted 6 hours ago by TheAlexBasso to gamingThink you\u0027re pissed about a Islamic cultural center two blocks from Ground Zero? Imagine how about the Japanese feel about a U.S. military base 20 miles from Hiroshima. (self.politics)submitted 11 hours ago by wang-banger to politicsWARNING: NOAA Admits Gulf Seafood is NOT being tested for dispersants. (c-spanvideo.org)submitted 10 hours ago by HeisenbergUncert to worldnewsIAmA 22yo Scottish male who asked Reddit where I should go on my first visit to the US. I\u0027m back home now. AMA. (self.AskReddit)submitted 9 hours ago by duncan_biscuits to AskRedditAn implausibly illustrated introduction to HTML5 Web Workers (wearehugh.com)submitted 7 hours ago by mcaruso to programmingWithin a dangerous stomach bacterium, Yale University researchers have discovered an ancient but functioning genetic remnant from a time before DNA existed. (sciencedaily.com)submitted 4 hours ago by quantumcipher to scienceHello CNN, I would just like to point out that a regular contributor to CNN TV and on your payroll, Erick Erickson, says that President Obama has now endorsed a Jihad against the United States of America. Sorry, can\u0027t watch your channel anymore when money goes to racists bigots on your payroll. (redstate.com)submitted 10 hours ago by minor9sharp11 to politicsLack of adult booster shots and child vaccinations cause worst outbreak of whooping cough outbreak in California. (npr.org)submitted 2 hours ago by uriman to scienceMy great grandfather at the beach. He didn\u0027t mess around. (imgur.com)submitted 10 hours ago by Smooz to pics12 Russian scientists famously chose to starve to death rather than eat the unique collection of seeds and plants they were protecting for humanity even though the seeds of rice, peas, corn and wheat that they were protecting could have sustained them. (guardian.co.uk)submitted 6 hours ago by R-Legit to WTFDear Republicans, While you\u0027re fearmongering about Islam, it\u0027s Wall Street that\u0027s raping us. (americablog.com)submitted 5 hours ago by wang-banger to politicsMy girlfriend\u0027s republican uncle posts anti-Obama crap on his wall all the time. This time, though, she responded--and he clearly didn\u0027t count on her knowing what she was talking about. (imgur.com)submitted 8 hours ago by boopboopbedoop to politicsReddit, here is me trolling some tourists taking a photo at the Leaning Tower of Pisa. (imgur.com)submitted 10 hours ago by el-duderino to picsHEY! Remember the weird Swedish dancing cat that allowed you to control the moves? Well it\u0027s back, and in English! Tramp Grease! (theuglydance.com)submitted 11 hours ago by roobens to WTFThis is completely unrealistic. Why would Super-Girl need glasses? (i.imgur.com)submitted 5 hours ago by TheCannon to pics[Global warming] will feature heavier rainstorms in summer, bigger snowstorms in winter, more intense droughts in at least some places and more record-breaking heat waves. Scientists and government reports say the statistical evidence shows that much of this is starting to happen. (nytimes.com)submitted 15 hours ago by pearlbones to scienceWhat\u0027s your best drunken sex story? (self.AskReddit)submitted 11 hours ago by comedie to AskRedditTIL: When the Christian world was demanding that Jews convert or die, it was the Muslims who gave them shelter (en.wikipedia.org)submitted 2 hours ago by jballanc to politicsProfessor Oak (imgur.com)submitted 12 hours ago by L33TBBQ to funnyI am intrigued by what your town has to offer. (imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by BumblebeeMan to WTFMy Boyfriend came up to visit and when he left I came back to my room to find this on my wall. (imgur.com)submitted 2 hours ago by otis36 to reddit.comview more: nextUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. (c) 2010 Conde Nast Digital. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.all it takes is a username and passwordcreate accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?login","h1":"you\u0027ll need to login or register to do that",".title":"The Thinking Man\u0027s Guide to Pleasuring a Woman (amazon.com)The Thinking Man\u0027s Guide to Pleasuring a WomanStretch Kitteh likes the STREEEEEEEEEEEEETCH. (youtube.com)Stretch Kitteh likes the STREEEEEEEEEEEEETCH.Joe Rogan may or may not be a Redditor... Apparently Muhammed Ali was. (twitter.com)Joe Rogan may or may not be a Redditor... Apparently Muhammed Ali was.Child Care SPAM (reddit.com)Child Care SPAMElle French doesn’t let Friday the 13th give them a fright (blog.myfdb.com)Elle French doesn’t let Friday the 13th give them a frightI can get out of bed at 2 a.m. to have Nutella straight out of the bottle. IAmA grownup. AMA. (self.IAmA)I can get out of bed at 2 a.m. to have Nutella straight out of the bottle. IAmA grownup. AMA.I think constricting anus... 100 times in succession everyday is effective to good-bye depression and take back youth. You can do so at a boring meeting or in a subway. (amazon.com)I think constricting anus... 100 times in succession everyday is effective to good-bye depression and take back youth. You can do so at a boring meeting or in a subway.Of Azaadi And Kashmiri And Other False Words (greatbong.net)Of Azaadi And Kashmiri And Other False WordsBarack \"George Bush\" Obama Demands Access to Internet Records, in Secret, Without Court Review (uruknet.info)Barack \"George Bush\" Obama Demands Access to Internet Records, in Secret, Without Court Review\"every single scene is an essential element that contributes to the final result: a masterpiece that captures the drama of enduring friendship and resiliency of the human spirit more powerfully than any other film ever made\" (amazon.com)\"every single scene is an essential element that contributes to the final result: a masterpiece that captures the drama of enduring friendship and resiliency of the human spirit more powerfully than any other film ever made\"I said this at a Dairy Queen drive through yesterday. My girlfriend did not find it funny. I think she has no sense of humor. (self.funny)I said this at a Dairy Queen drive through yesterday. My girlfriend did not find it funny. I think she has no sense of humor.Oh, reddit (imgur.com)Oh, redditWe invited the president to our wedding... this is what we got in return. (i.imgur.com)We invited the president to our wedding... this is what we got in return.How did lindsay lohan get blamed for the burn book? she was in fucking africa when most of it was written (self.WTF)How did lindsay lohan get blamed for the burn book? she was in fucking africa when most of it was writtenThis is what happens if you end with 4th place in Mario Kart 64 (youtube.com)This is what happens if you end with 4th place in Mario Kart 64Think you\u0027re pissed about a Islamic cultural center two blocks from Ground Zero? Imagine how about the Japanese feel about a U.S. military base 20 miles from Hiroshima. (self.politics)Think you\u0027re pissed about a Islamic cultural center two blocks from Ground Zero? Imagine how about the Japanese feel about a U.S. military base 20 miles from Hiroshima.WARNING: NOAA Admits Gulf Seafood is NOT being tested for dispersants. (c-spanvideo.org)WARNING: NOAA Admits Gulf Seafood is NOT being tested for dispersants.IAmA 22yo Scottish male who asked Reddit where I should go on my first visit to the US. I\u0027m back home now. AMA. (self.AskReddit)IAmA 22yo Scottish male who asked Reddit where I should go on my first visit to the US. I\u0027m back home now. AMA.An implausibly illustrated introduction to HTML5 Web Workers (wearehugh.com)An implausibly illustrated introduction to HTML5 Web WorkersWithin a dangerous stomach bacterium, Yale University researchers have discovered an ancient but functioning genetic remnant from a time before DNA existed. (sciencedaily.com)Within a dangerous stomach bacterium, Yale University researchers have discovered an ancient but functioning genetic remnant from a time before DNA existed.Hello CNN, I would just like to point out that a regular contributor to CNN TV and on your payroll, Erick Erickson, says that President Obama has now endorsed a Jihad against the United States of America. Sorry, can\u0027t watch your channel anymore when money goes to racists bigots on your payroll. (redstate.com)Hello CNN, I would just like to point out that a regular contributor to CNN TV and on your payroll, Erick Erickson, says that President Obama has now endorsed a Jihad against the United States of America. Sorry, can\u0027t watch your channel anymore when money goes to racists bigots on your payroll.Lack of adult booster shots and child vaccinations cause worst outbreak of whooping cough outbreak in California. (npr.org)Lack of adult booster shots and child vaccinations cause worst outbreak of whooping cough outbreak in California.My great grandfather at the beach. He didn\u0027t mess around. (imgur.com)My great grandfather at the beach. He didn\u0027t mess around.12 Russian scientists famously chose to starve to death rather than eat the unique collection of seeds and plants they were protecting for humanity even though the seeds of rice, peas, corn and wheat that they were protecting could have sustained them. (guardian.co.uk)12 Russian scientists famously chose to starve to death rather than eat the unique collection of seeds and plants they were protecting for humanity even though the seeds of rice, peas, corn and wheat that they were protecting could have sustained them.Dear Republicans, While you\u0027re fearmongering about Islam, it\u0027s Wall Street that\u0027s raping us. (americablog.com)Dear Republicans, While you\u0027re fearmongering about Islam, it\u0027s Wall Street that\u0027s raping us.My girlfriend\u0027s republican uncle posts anti-Obama crap on his wall all the time. This time, though, she responded--and he clearly didn\u0027t count on her knowing what she was talking about. (imgur.com)My girlfriend\u0027s republican uncle posts anti-Obama crap on his wall all the time. This time, though, she responded--and he clearly didn\u0027t count on her knowing what she was talking about.Reddit, here is me trolling some tourists taking a photo at the Leaning Tower of Pisa. (imgur.com)Reddit, here is me trolling some tourists taking a photo at the Leaning Tower of Pisa.HEY! Remember the weird Swedish dancing cat that allowed you to control the moves? Well it\u0027s back, and in English! Tramp Grease! (theuglydance.com)HEY! Remember the weird Swedish dancing cat that allowed you to control the moves? Well it\u0027s back, and in English! Tramp Grease!This is completely unrealistic. Why would Super-Girl need glasses? (i.imgur.com)This is completely unrealistic. Why would Super-Girl need glasses?[Global warming] will feature heavier rainstorms in summer, bigger snowstorms in winter, more intense droughts in at least some places and more record-breaking heat waves. Scientists and government reports say the statistical evidence shows that much of this is starting to happen. (nytimes.com)[Global warming] will feature heavier rainstorms in summer, bigger snowstorms in winter, more intense droughts in at least some places and more record-breaking heat waves. Scientists and government reports say the statistical evidence shows that much of this is starting to happen.What\u0027s your best drunken sex story? (self.AskReddit)What\u0027s your best drunken sex story?TIL: When the Christian world was demanding that Jews convert or die, it was the Muslims who gave them shelter (en.wikipedia.org)TIL: When the Christian world was demanding that Jews convert or die, it was the Muslims who gave them shelterProfessor Oak (imgur.com)Professor OakI am intrigued by what your town has to offer. (imgur.com)I am intrigued by what your town has to offer.My Boyfriend came up to visit and when he left I came back to my room to find this on my wall. (imgur.com)My Boyfriend came up to visit and when he left I came back to my room to find this on my wall.site linkshelpreddit toolsabout usbrotherssisters","h2":"","h3":"create a new accountlogin",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 16 2009 2010 2011 35,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 16 2009 2010 2011JUL AUG SEP162009 2010 201135,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16interface language English [en]??????? [ar]????????? ???? [bg]català [ca]?esky [cs]dansk [da]Deutsch [de]???????? [el]English (Australia) [en-au]English (Canadian) [en-ca]English (Great Britain) [en-gb]English (United States) [en-us]Esperanto [eo]español [es]español [es-ar]eesti keel [et]????? [fa]suomi [fi]français [fr]????? [he]hrvatski jezik [hr]Magyar [hu]Bahasa Indonesia [id]íslenska [is]italiano [it]??? [ja]??? [ko]1337 [leet]LOL [lol]lietuvi? kalba [lt]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Arrrrrrrr! [pir]polski [pl]português [pt]português [pt-pt]român? [ro]??????? [ru]sloven?ina [sk]?????? ????? [sr]Srpski [sr-la]Svenska [sv]????? [ta]Türkçe [tr]?????????? ???? [uk]?? [zh] (*) incomplete volunteer to translatecontent language all languages some languages ??????? ????? português ?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român? ????????? ???? Magyar ??????? català ??????? ????? sloven?ina ?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?ina dansk íslenska ?????? ????? Deutsch italiano Svenska ???????? ??? ????? English ??? ??????? Esperanto Latin Türkçe español lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ???? eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t ????? Nederlands ?? suomi Norsk français polski??????? ????? português?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român?????????? ???? Magyar ???????català ??????? ????? sloven?ina?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?inadansk íslenska ?????? ?????Deutsch italiano Svenska???????? ??? ?????English ??? ???????Esperanto Latin Türkçeespañol lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ????eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t????? Nederlands ??suomi Norskfrançais polski","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2010,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":22,"second":25},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
