{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Get your anime fix without breaking the bank thanks to the Super Amazing Value Edition! (funimation.com)promoted by redditadssponsored linkThe eurozone is in bad need of an undertaker. The EU’s Franco-German \"Directoire\" and the European Central Bank have between them ruled out all plausible solutions to the eurozone’s debt crisis. (telegraph.co.uk)submitted 5 minutes ago by dulieu to EconomicsWTF? I made a new account and the fonts are all different (new acct on the left) (self.reddit.com)submitted 4 minutes ago by trtocm to reddit.comRecycle Printer Cartridges (ezinearticles.com)submitted 4 minutes ago by melblocal to reddit.comWhat are some realistic hypothetical results of subjecting the military/Dept. of Defense to an accurate third party public audit? (self.AskReddit)submitted 4 minutes ago by outsideitude to AskRedditTHC pills, anyone know how they are? (self.trees)submitted 4 minutes ago by littlestghoust to treesLinux Virtual Servers starting at $15/mo (tektonic.net)promoted by tektonicsponsored link2011 America the Beautiful Quarters (americathebeautifulquarters.statequarterguide.com)submitted 5 minutes ago by drunkenmoon to reddit.comMinecraft Alpha Hack - Flying and teleporting? Can it be real? (youtube.com)submitted 14 minutes ago by calumj49 to gamingGrooveshark is looking for developers! (...to use as chum.) (grooveshark.com)promoted by Grooveshark_Jobssponsored linkSometimes reddit needs to ask the community to help fight spam. This is your chance to take part in that. Click here for more info.This sponsored link is an advertisement generated with our self-serve advertisement tool. .Use of this tool is open to all members or reddit.com, and for as little as $20 you can advertise in this area. Get started »Click here to close help.This area shows new and upcoming links. Vote on links here to help them become popular, and click the forwards and backwards buttons to view more.Click here to close help.On the back of the bathroom door in a bar in Brooklyn. (i.imgur.com)submitted 3 hours ago by Kidsturk to picsMy health is failing, here are my final thoughts and regrets. (self.reddit.com)submitted 3 hours ago by KCarpenter to reddit.comI was driving home from the airport, after picking up my uncle from New York that came to visit me here in Alaska.... (self.funny)submitted 6 hours ago by xXEvanatorXx to funnyGawker/Gizmodo does not salt their passwords, uses DES for hash, and now 1.3 million passwords vulnerable (pastebin.com)submitted 8 hours ago by tempuser to programmingHelp! My wife has just joined reddit. I have nothing to hide, yet this makes me feel awkward. What should I do? (self.AskReddit)submitted 9 hours ago by hasslefree to AskRedditThe size of television on screen advertisements is getting out of hand. (i.imgur.com)submitted 11 hours ago by stilesjp to WTFMy 13-year-old brother made this in his shop class at school, I thought you guys might enjoy it. (imgur.com)submitted 9 hours ago by Fredifrum to gamingDems, find your balls. Let ALL Bush Tax Cuts expire, then commit to a bill with an Anchor Clause that would retroactively refund the higher tax rates for incomes under $250k. Every week, peoples resentment against the Repubs who are holding their tax cuts hostage for the rich will grow (newsjunkiepost.com)submitted 11 hours ago by novenator to politicsDr Ben Goldacre explores the battle to keep libel out of science and what it might mean for us and the future of medical research if that battle is lost (bbc.co.uk)submitted 6 hours ago by maxwellhill to scienceIn 2005, Bush and Blair discussed bombing Al-Jazeera\u0027s news headquarters. (english.aljazeera.net)submitted 16 hours ago by Hrodrik to worldnewswhen are people in the US going to realize that with the Patriot Act, Espionage Act, high insurance and healthcare rates, high interest student loans and tuition, unattainable retirement costs, we have the worst aspects of socialism and still paying the premium price of capitalism for it? (msnbc.msn.com)submitted 8 hours ago by sleazypete1 to politicsNKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear war (washingtonpost.com)submitted 1 hour ago by Maryleaf to worldnewsVatican Bank mired in laundering scandal: Police seized euro23 million in Vatican assets; there are suspicion that clergy may have acted as fronts for corrupt businessmen and Mafia (bloomberg.com)submitted 2 hours ago by maxwellhill to worldnewsYou farted in Publix yesterday........ (tampa.craigslist.org)submitted 9 hours ago by fix-it-up-chappie to funnyWoW: Cataclysm makes Questing awesome again! (i.imgur.com)submitted 9 hours ago by corevirus to gamingPredicting the future -- not impossible. (imgur.com)submitted 10 hours ago by goosen to politicsReddit, my finals are this week. I was wondering if you could guys could lay low for 4 days, so I don\u0027t get distracted from studying. (self.AskReddit)submitted 9 hours ago by buycurious to AskRedditI think I have become rather blasé about reading Reddit these days... (imgur.com)submitted 9 hours ago by Vampiraisin to picsElder Scrolls V Skyrim will be using a BRAND NEW ENGINE! (twitter.com)submitted 14 hours ago by petefic to gamingThe ACLU\u0027s vision of an uncensored Internet was clearly shared by the U.S. Supreme Court when it declared, in Reno v. ACLU, the Internet to be a free speech zone, deserving at least as much First Amendment protection as that afforded to books, newspapers and magazines. (aclu.org)submitted 8 hours ago by aclh90 to politicsIncredible 15 year old speaker tells it how it is about the student protests and police suppression in the UK. (spikedhumor.com)submitted 5 hours ago by kimchifart to worldnewsAussie MP: “Mr Assange should be aggressively interrogated until he reveals the location of the stolen cables.” (twitter.com)submitted 5 hours ago by carlfish to politicstally (imgur.com)submitted 5 hours ago by Pyrallis to funnyI just found this in my girlfriends neighborhood... (Pinellas Park, FL) (imgur.com)submitted 8 hours ago by ccampo to WTFSaw this at the park today (i.imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by nickg12 to picsview more: nextUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. (c) 2010 Conde Nast Digital. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.all it takes is a username and passwordcreate accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?login","h1":"you\u0027ll need to login or register to do that",".title":"Get your anime fix without breaking the bank thanks to the Super Amazing Value Edition! (funimation.com)Get your anime fix without breaking the bank thanks to the Super Amazing Value Edition!The eurozone is in bad need of an undertaker. The EU’s Franco-German \"Directoire\" and the European Central Bank have between them ruled out all plausible solutions to the eurozone’s debt crisis. (telegraph.co.uk)The eurozone is in bad need of an undertaker. The EU’s Franco-German \"Directoire\" and the European Central Bank have between them ruled out all plausible solutions to the eurozone’s debt crisis.WTF? I made a new account and the fonts are all different (new acct on the left) (self.reddit.com)WTF? I made a new account and the fonts are all different (new acct on the left)Recycle Printer Cartridges (ezinearticles.com)Recycle Printer CartridgesWhat are some realistic hypothetical results of subjecting the military/Dept. of Defense to an accurate third party public audit? (self.AskReddit)What are some realistic hypothetical results of subjecting the military/Dept. of Defense to an accurate third party public audit?THC pills, anyone know how they are? (self.trees)THC pills, anyone know how they are?Linux Virtual Servers starting at $15/mo (tektonic.net)Linux Virtual Servers starting at $15/mo2011 America the Beautiful Quarters (americathebeautifulquarters.statequarterguide.com)2011 America the Beautiful QuartersMinecraft Alpha Hack - Flying and teleporting? Can it be real? (youtube.com)Minecraft Alpha Hack - Flying and teleporting? Can it be real?Grooveshark is looking for developers! (...to use as chum.) (grooveshark.com)Grooveshark is looking for developers! (...to use as chum.)On the back of the bathroom door in a bar in Brooklyn. (i.imgur.com)On the back of the bathroom door in a bar in Brooklyn.My health is failing, here are my final thoughts and regrets. (self.reddit.com)My health is failing, here are my final thoughts and regrets.I was driving home from the airport, after picking up my uncle from New York that came to visit me here in Alaska.... (self.funny)I was driving home from the airport, after picking up my uncle from New York that came to visit me here in Alaska....Gawker/Gizmodo does not salt their passwords, uses DES for hash, and now 1.3 million passwords vulnerable (pastebin.com)Gawker/Gizmodo does not salt their passwords, uses DES for hash, and now 1.3 million passwords vulnerableHelp! My wife has just joined reddit. I have nothing to hide, yet this makes me feel awkward. What should I do? (self.AskReddit)Help! My wife has just joined reddit. I have nothing to hide, yet this makes me feel awkward. What should I do?The size of television on screen advertisements is getting out of hand. (i.imgur.com)The size of television on screen advertisements is getting out of hand.My 13-year-old brother made this in his shop class at school, I thought you guys might enjoy it. (imgur.com)My 13-year-old brother made this in his shop class at school, I thought you guys might enjoy it.Dems, find your balls. Let ALL Bush Tax Cuts expire, then commit to a bill with an Anchor Clause that would retroactively refund the higher tax rates for incomes under $250k. Every week, peoples resentment against the Repubs who are holding their tax cuts hostage for the rich will grow (newsjunkiepost.com)Dems, find your balls. Let ALL Bush Tax Cuts expire, then commit to a bill with an Anchor Clause that would retroactively refund the higher tax rates for incomes under $250k. Every week, peoples resentment against the Repubs who are holding their tax cuts hostage for the rich will growDr Ben Goldacre explores the battle to keep libel out of science and what it might mean for us and the future of medical research if that battle is lost (bbc.co.uk)Dr Ben Goldacre explores the battle to keep libel out of science and what it might mean for us and the future of medical research if that battle is lostIn 2005, Bush and Blair discussed bombing Al-Jazeera\u0027s news headquarters. (english.aljazeera.net)In 2005, Bush and Blair discussed bombing Al-Jazeera\u0027s news headquarters.when are people in the US going to realize that with the Patriot Act, Espionage Act, high insurance and healthcare rates, high interest student loans and tuition, unattainable retirement costs, we have the worst aspects of socialism and still paying the premium price of capitalism for it? (msnbc.msn.com)when are people in the US going to realize that with the Patriot Act, Espionage Act, high insurance and healthcare rates, high interest student loans and tuition, unattainable retirement costs, we have the worst aspects of socialism and still paying the premium price of capitalism for it?NKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear war (washingtonpost.com)NKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear warVatican Bank mired in laundering scandal: Police seized euro23 million in Vatican assets; there are suspicion that clergy may have acted as fronts for corrupt businessmen and Mafia (bloomberg.com)Vatican Bank mired in laundering scandal: Police seized euro23 million in Vatican assets; there are suspicion that clergy may have acted as fronts for corrupt businessmen and MafiaYou farted in Publix yesterday........ (tampa.craigslist.org)You farted in Publix yesterday........WoW: Cataclysm makes Questing awesome again! (i.imgur.com)WoW: Cataclysm makes Questing awesome again!Predicting the future -- not impossible. (imgur.com)Predicting the future -- not impossible.Reddit, my finals are this week. I was wondering if you could guys could lay low for 4 days, so I don\u0027t get distracted from studying. (self.AskReddit)Reddit, my finals are this week. I was wondering if you could guys could lay low for 4 days, so I don\u0027t get distracted from studying.I think I have become rather blasé about reading Reddit these days... (imgur.com)I think I have become rather blasé about reading Reddit these days...Elder Scrolls V Skyrim will be using a BRAND NEW ENGINE! (twitter.com)Elder Scrolls V Skyrim will be using a BRAND NEW ENGINE!The ACLU\u0027s vision of an uncensored Internet was clearly shared by the U.S. Supreme Court when it declared, in Reno v. ACLU, the Internet to be a free speech zone, deserving at least as much First Amendment protection as that afforded to books, newspapers and magazines. (aclu.org)The ACLU\u0027s vision of an uncensored Internet was clearly shared by the U.S. Supreme Court when it declared, in Reno v. ACLU, the Internet to be a free speech zone, deserving at least as much First Amendment protection as that afforded to books, newspapers and magazines.Incredible 15 year old speaker tells it how it is about the student protests and police suppression in the UK. (spikedhumor.com)Incredible 15 year old speaker tells it how it is about the student protests and police suppression in the UK.Aussie MP: “Mr Assange should be aggressively interrogated until he reveals the location of the stolen cables.” (twitter.com)Aussie MP: “Mr Assange should be aggressively interrogated until he reveals the location of the stolen cables.”tally (imgur.com)tallyI just found this in my girlfriends neighborhood... (Pinellas Park, FL) (imgur.com)I just found this in my girlfriends neighborhood... (Pinellas Park, FL)Saw this at the park today (i.imgur.com)Saw this at the park todaysite linkshelpreddit toolsabout usbrotherssisters","h2":"","h3":"create a new accountlogin",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 13 2009 2010 2011 35,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 13 2009 2010 2011NOV DEC JAN132009 2010 201135,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16interface language English [en]??????? [ar]????????? ???? [bg]català [ca]?esky [cs]dansk [da]Deutsch [de]???????? [el]English (Australia) [en-au]English (Canadian) [en-ca]English (Great Britain) [en-gb]English (United States) [en-us]Esperanto [eo]español [es]español [es-ar]eesti keel [et]????? [fa]suomi [fi]français [fr]????? [he]hrvatski jezik [hr]Magyar [hu]Bahasa Indonesia [id]íslenska [is]italiano [it]??? [ja]??? [ko]1337 [leet]LOL [lol]lietuvi? kalba [lt]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Arrrrrrrr! [pir]polski [pl]português [pt]português [pt-pt]român? [ro]??????? [ru]sloven?ina [sk]?????? ????? [sr]Srpski [sr-la]Svenska [sv]????? [ta]Türkçe [tr]?????????? ???? [uk]?? [zh] (*) incomplete volunteer to translatecontent language all languages some languages ??????? ????? português ?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român? ????????? ???? Magyar ??????? català ??????? ????? sloven?ina ?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?ina dansk íslenska ?????? ????? Deutsch italiano Svenska ???????? ??? ????? English ??? ??????? Esperanto Latin Türkçe español lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ???? eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t ????? Nederlands ?? suomi Norsk français polski??????? ????? português?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român?????????? ???? Magyar ???????català ??????? ????? sloven?ina?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?inadansk íslenska ?????? ?????Deutsch italiano Svenska???????? ??? ?????English ??? ???????Esperanto Latin Türkçeespañol lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ????eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t????? Nederlands ??suomi Norskfrançais polski","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2010,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":43,"second":32},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
