{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"use the following search parameters to narrow your results:e.g.reddit:pics site:imgur.com dogsee the search faq for details.advanced search: by author, community...7 Types of iPhone Users: What Type are You? (allareacodes.com)promoted by phonestuffsponsored linkTheory: Before teaching elementary school, Ms. Frizzle traveled with the Merry Pranksters. Thoughts? (reposted from r/drugs) (theprisonerscinema.blogspot.com)submitted 6 minutes ago by prisonerscinema to treesOm Nom Nom tiny bunny (flickr.com)submitted 6 minutes ago by DTanner to awwWas gonna post to trees when I was at the right number, but whatever. (i.imgur.com)submitted 6 minutes ago by Kitosaki to treesGiant Japanese Hornet just wrecking havoc on bees (youtube.com)submitted 6 minutes ago by crferrie89 to videosApple adds more PCB suppliers ahead of next generation iPad (iPad 2) production (allnewsmac.com)submitted 5 minutes ago by allnewsmac to reddit.comrsync.net Offsite Backup - Open Standards, Common Sense. (rsync.net)promoted by rsyncnetsponsored linkIt needs to be a Federal responsibility to make sure that local and state authorities treat citizens lawfully and with respect at all times. States and local authorities are too electorally beholden to the Unions of these authorities to take a tough stance against police brutality. (self.politics)submitted 6 minutes ago by PossEndless to politicsI never knew upvoting could be so dangerous! (i.imgur.com)submitted 11 minutes ago by Maiiko to picsFree Alternative Rock Album from The Nico Blues! (for fans of nirvana,pixies,modestmouse,etc) (thenicoblues.com)promoted by reedadlersponsored linkSometimes reddit needs to ask the community to help fight spam. This is your chance to take part in that. Click here for more info.This sponsored link is an advertisement generated with our self-serve advertisement tool. .Use of this tool is open to all members or reddit.com, and for as little as $20 you can advertise in this area. Get started »Click here to close help.This area shows new and upcoming links. Vote on links here to help them become popular, and click the forwards and backwards buttons to view more.Click here to close help.To the guy that lost his phone last night... (i.imgur.com)submitted 2 hours ago by MayoFetish to picsCar hits man, doesn\u0027t stop. 2nd car runs over man (kills him) doesn\u0027t stop. Pedestrian crosses street to help dead man, gets hit by 3rd car. Driver exits car to help wounded woman, and a mob of people beat him and rob him. Welcome to L.A. (latimesblogs.latimes.com)submitted 5 hours ago by glowinthedark to WTFOops: No copied Java code or weapons of mass destruction found in Android (zdnet.com)submitted 5 hours ago by rberenguel to programmingWas I right in calling this sexism and demanding a refund? Should I sue? (self.AskReddit)submitted 9 hours ago by darthkanututu to AskRedditThese two guys create a top 40 pop song in 8 hours (including a burger break) to show people the garbage they subject themselves to. Amazing. (youtube.com)submitted 11 hours ago by brentose to reddit.comGiraffes... (i.imgur.com)submitted 11 hours ago by preggit to funnyPilot with spinal cord injury regains almost full function following adult stem cell treatment. (youtube.com)submitted 8 hours ago by sneakymik to scienceIn Norway, Start-ups Say Ja to Socialism - Small country. Big taxes. And no cheating: tax returns are a matter of public record. Yet Norway has one of the highest rates of start-up activity in the developed world. Socialism works so well here that even entrepreneurs like it (inc.com)submitted 10 hours ago by DrRichardCranium to worldnewsDuke Nukem Forever set to be released on May 3, 2011 (gameinformer.com)submitted 12 hours ago by nimraw to gamingFox News\u0027 Megyn Kelly claims that Fox News personalities do not... DO NOT... invoke Nazi imagery in politics. Media Matters proves her wrong. 28 times over. (mediamatters.org)submitted 13 hours ago by oppositeofprogress to politics99 Problems... (i.imgur.com)submitted 7 hours ago by nomdeweb to funnyProximity mine beside the vent. Nice. (i.imgur.com)submitted 2 hours ago by blademak to gamingBeyond Black Mesa, finally out! Short film based on the Half Life universe. (youtube.com)submitted 5 hours ago by Lonadar to gamingAverage Asian aging process (i.imgur.com)submitted 1 hour ago by ffualo to funnyReddit! An indie game developer had its game stolen and published to App Store, where it is now featured and in the top 100. The developers are having trouble contacting Apple and getting any sort of attention. (destructoid.com)submitted 10 hours ago by codechino to reddit.comColbert Rips Limbaugh a New One -- Funniest Shit I\u0027ve Seen on the Report Lately (1/20/2011) (colbertnation.com)submitted 10 hours ago by hiphoprising to politicsDuke Nukem Forever Trailer (youtube.com)submitted 11 hours ago by thesweats to gamingFox News is not the problem, merely a symptom of the much deeper issue of the failure of our society to impart intelligent and critical thinking skills to the populace. Simply put, Fox News is what happens when a societies education model has failed. (self.politics)submitted 4 hours ago by Crashwatcher to politics\"For every person who dies in a terrorist attack globally, 58 people in the US die due to lack of health care. Invade a hospital.\" (quickhits.tumblr.com)submitted 3 hours ago by Wisco to politicsHow come the Enterprise is never upside down? (cleverthingstosay.com)submitted 9 hours ago by Chevrefoil to funnyI work with idiots (imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by ForSureHittingOnYou to picsExpert Troll (imgur.com)submitted 8 hours ago by thtoneaznguy to funnySnow plow cleared the street, then a giant dog showed up. (i.imgur.com)submitted 5 hours ago by grimreapergutters to picsNASA - Methane engine test fire. The flame looks fantastic :D (youtube.com)submitted 10 hours ago by nebson to scienceIs our gov\u0027t trying to tell us something? (Look who I found in my election judge handbook) (i.imgur.com)submitted 3 hours ago by ZenGaba to gamingview more: nextUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. (c) 2011 Conde Nast Digital. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.all it takes is a username and passwordcreate accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?login","h1":"you\u0027ll need to login or register to do that",".title":"7 Types of iPhone Users: What Type are You? (allareacodes.com)7 Types of iPhone Users: What Type are You?Theory: Before teaching elementary school, Ms. Frizzle traveled with the Merry Pranksters. Thoughts? (reposted from r/drugs) (theprisonerscinema.blogspot.com)Theory: Before teaching elementary school, Ms. Frizzle traveled with the Merry Pranksters. Thoughts? (reposted from r/drugs)Om Nom Nom tiny bunny (flickr.com)Om Nom Nom tiny bunnyWas gonna post to trees when I was at the right number, but whatever. (i.imgur.com)Was gonna post to trees when I was at the right number, but whatever.Giant Japanese Hornet just wrecking havoc on bees (youtube.com)Giant Japanese Hornet just wrecking havoc on beesApple adds more PCB suppliers ahead of next generation iPad (iPad 2) production (allnewsmac.com)Apple adds more PCB suppliers ahead of next generation iPad (iPad 2) productionrsync.net Offsite Backup - Open Standards, Common Sense. (rsync.net)rsync.net Offsite Backup - Open Standards, Common Sense.It needs to be a Federal responsibility to make sure that local and state authorities treat citizens lawfully and with respect at all times. States and local authorities are too electorally beholden to the Unions of these authorities to take a tough stance against police brutality. (self.politics)It needs to be a Federal responsibility to make sure that local and state authorities treat citizens lawfully and with respect at all times. States and local authorities are too electorally beholden to the Unions of these authorities to take a tough stance against police brutality.I never knew upvoting could be so dangerous! (i.imgur.com)I never knew upvoting could be so dangerous!Free Alternative Rock Album from The Nico Blues! (for fans of nirvana,pixies,modestmouse,etc) (thenicoblues.com)Free Alternative Rock Album from The Nico Blues! (for fans of nirvana,pixies,modestmouse,etc)To the guy that lost his phone last night... (i.imgur.com)To the guy that lost his phone last night...Car hits man, doesn\u0027t stop. 2nd car runs over man (kills him) doesn\u0027t stop. Pedestrian crosses street to help dead man, gets hit by 3rd car. Driver exits car to help wounded woman, and a mob of people beat him and rob him. Welcome to L.A. (latimesblogs.latimes.com)Car hits man, doesn\u0027t stop. 2nd car runs over man (kills him) doesn\u0027t stop. Pedestrian crosses street to help dead man, gets hit by 3rd car. Driver exits car to help wounded woman, and a mob of people beat him and rob him. Welcome to L.A.Oops: No copied Java code or weapons of mass destruction found in Android (zdnet.com)Oops: No copied Java code or weapons of mass destruction found in AndroidWas I right in calling this sexism and demanding a refund? Should I sue? (self.AskReddit)Was I right in calling this sexism and demanding a refund? Should I sue?These two guys create a top 40 pop song in 8 hours (including a burger break) to show people the garbage they subject themselves to. Amazing. (youtube.com)These two guys create a top 40 pop song in 8 hours (including a burger break) to show people the garbage they subject themselves to. Amazing.Giraffes... (i.imgur.com)Giraffes...Pilot with spinal cord injury regains almost full function following adult stem cell treatment. (youtube.com)Pilot with spinal cord injury regains almost full function following adult stem cell treatment.In Norway, Start-ups Say Ja to Socialism - Small country. Big taxes. And no cheating: tax returns are a matter of public record. Yet Norway has one of the highest rates of start-up activity in the developed world. Socialism works so well here that even entrepreneurs like it (inc.com)In Norway, Start-ups Say Ja to Socialism - Small country. Big taxes. And no cheating: tax returns are a matter of public record. Yet Norway has one of the highest rates of start-up activity in the developed world. Socialism works so well here that even entrepreneurs like itDuke Nukem Forever set to be released on May 3, 2011 (gameinformer.com)Duke Nukem Forever set to be released on May 3, 2011Fox News\u0027 Megyn Kelly claims that Fox News personalities do not... DO NOT... invoke Nazi imagery in politics. Media Matters proves her wrong. 28 times over. (mediamatters.org)Fox News\u0027 Megyn Kelly claims that Fox News personalities do not... DO NOT... invoke Nazi imagery in politics. Media Matters proves her wrong. 28 times over.99 Problems... (i.imgur.com)99 Problems...Proximity mine beside the vent. Nice. (i.imgur.com)Proximity mine beside the vent. Nice.Beyond Black Mesa, finally out! Short film based on the Half Life universe. (youtube.com)Beyond Black Mesa, finally out! Short film based on the Half Life universe.Average Asian aging process (i.imgur.com)Average Asian aging processReddit! An indie game developer had its game stolen and published to App Store, where it is now featured and in the top 100. The developers are having trouble contacting Apple and getting any sort of attention. (destructoid.com)Reddit! An indie game developer had its game stolen and published to App Store, where it is now featured and in the top 100. The developers are having trouble contacting Apple and getting any sort of attention.Colbert Rips Limbaugh a New One -- Funniest Shit I\u0027ve Seen on the Report Lately (1/20/2011) (colbertnation.com)Colbert Rips Limbaugh a New One -- Funniest Shit I\u0027ve Seen on the Report Lately (1/20/2011)Duke Nukem Forever Trailer (youtube.com)Duke Nukem Forever TrailerFox News is not the problem, merely a symptom of the much deeper issue of the failure of our society to impart intelligent and critical thinking skills to the populace. Simply put, Fox News is what happens when a societies education model has failed. (self.politics)Fox News is not the problem, merely a symptom of the much deeper issue of the failure of our society to impart intelligent and critical thinking skills to the populace. Simply put, Fox News is what happens when a societies education model has failed.\"For every person who dies in a terrorist attack globally, 58 people in the US die due to lack of health care. Invade a hospital.\" (quickhits.tumblr.com)\"For every person who dies in a terrorist attack globally, 58 people in the US die due to lack of health care. Invade a hospital.\"How come the Enterprise is never upside down? (cleverthingstosay.com)How come the Enterprise is never upside down?I work with idiots (imgur.com)I work with idiotsExpert Troll (imgur.com)Expert TrollSnow plow cleared the street, then a giant dog showed up. (i.imgur.com)Snow plow cleared the street, then a giant dog showed up.NASA - Methane engine test fire. The flame looks fantastic :D (youtube.com)NASA - Methane engine test fire. The flame looks fantastic :DIs our gov\u0027t trying to tell us something? (Look who I found in my election judge handbook) (i.imgur.com)Is our gov\u0027t trying to tell us something? (Look who I found in my election judge handbook)site linkshelpreddit toolsabout usbrotherssisters","h2":"","h3":"create a new accountlogin",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 22 2010 2011 2012 35,186 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 22 2010 2011 2012DEC JAN FEB222010 2011 201235,186 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16interface language English [en]??????? [ar]????????? ???? [bg]català [ca]?esky [cs]dansk [da]Deutsch [de]???????? [el]English (Australia) [en-au]English (Canadian) [en-ca]English (Great Britain) [en-gb]English (United States) [en-us]Esperanto [eo]español [es]español [es-ar]eesti keel [et]????? [fa]suomi [fi]français [fr]????? [he]hrvatski jezik [hr]Magyar [hu]Bahasa Indonesia [id]íslenska [is]italiano [it]??? [ja]??? [ko]1337 [leet]LOL [lol]lietuvi? kalba [lt]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Arrrrrrrr! [pir]polski [pl]português [pt]português [pt-pt]român? [ro]??????? [ru]sloven?ina [sk]?????? ????? [sr]Srpski [sr-la]Svenska [sv]????? [ta]Türkçe [tr]?????????? ???? [uk]?? [zh] (*) incomplete volunteer to translatecontent language all languages some languages ??????? ????? português ?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român? ????????? ???? Magyar ??????? català ??????? ????? sloven?ina ?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?ina dansk íslenska ?????? ????? Deutsch italiano Svenska ???????? ??? ????? English ??? ??????? Esperanto Latin Türkçe español lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ???? eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t ????? Nederlands ?? suomi Norsk français polski??????? ????? português?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român?????????? ???? Magyar ???????català ??????? ????? sloven?ina?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?inadansk íslenska ?????? ?????Deutsch italiano Svenska???????? ??? ?????English ??? ???????Esperanto Latin Türkçeespañol lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ????eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t????? Nederlands ??suomi Norskfrançais polski","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":11,"second":41},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
