{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"use the following search parameters to narrow your results:e.g.reddit:pics site:imgur.com dogsee the search faq for details.advanced search: by author, community...What\u0027s Slowing Down Your PC? How Life Works shows you the two most common issues and offers easy solutions. (howlifeworks.com)promoted by howlifeworkssponsored linkClarence Thomas not speaking in oral arguments means diddly. The fact that he will come to conference with his mind made up, and leave with that same opinion, that\u0027s what you should be worried about. (youtube.com)submitted 4 minutes ago by l33tb3rt to politicsPOLL - Fake Boobs: Hot or Not? (askmygirlfriend.com)submitted 4 minutes ago by coolguy2012 to sexAre You A Poser? (financiallypoor.com)submitted 3 minutes ago by Jubu1985 to reddit.comBay Bridge (pic) (flickr.com)submitted 3 minutes ago by EthicalReasoning to picsMario Kart N64 was an awesome game, huh? Especially when you win (youtube.com)submitted 3 minutes ago by nolimitsplayer to gamingSecrets of the Web: Where to Go for Watches and Jewelry at Up to 80% Off. A brand new site which is kind of like a combination of Amazon and eBay is saving many people up to 80% on designer jewelry and watches. (howlifeworks.com)promoted by howlifeworkssponsored linkHow many Mac users here are still using a PPC Mac as their primary machine? Who has the oldest machine in use? (self.apple)submitted 4 minutes ago by hyperkinetic to appleSnow comes off semi trailer traveling down highway. (youtube.com)submitted 9 minutes ago by davidreiss666 to videosJoin the Club! You won\u0027t regret it. (amazon.com)promoted by AntoineDsponsored linkSometimes reddit needs to ask the community to help fight spam. This is your chance to take part in that. Click here for more info.This sponsored link is an advertisement generated with our self-serve advertisement tool. .Use of this tool is open to all members or reddit.com, and for as little as $20 you can advertise in this area. Get started »Click here to close help.This area shows new and upcoming links. Vote on links here to help them become popular, and click the forwards and backwards buttons to view more.Click here to close help.Regarding, \u0027There Are No Rules.\u0027 (i.imgur.com)submitted 2 hours ago by Teh_Br4iN to picsRick Steves - The Law against Marijuana is causing more Problems than the drug abuse itself. Last year we arrested 800,000 people for drug possession. It\u0027s messing up a lot of families and it is counter-productive. Let\u0027s find a smarter way to deal with this and regulate it and educate people. (thelibertyunderground.blogspot.com)submitted 5 hours ago by TheLibertyUndergroun to reddit.comIs it normal...? (27.media.tumblr.com)submitted 6 hours ago by Kitttteh to funnyAlcohol impairs judgment. (imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by stenkall to WTFBack in 2006, I created my own motion sensor device by taping a book to my desk and a mouse to my keyboard. (youtube.com)submitted 10 hours ago by NielDLR to gamingGOP rep: I made a \u0027terrible mistake\u0027 in last year\u0027s Patriot Act vote. We have faced far more malignant and powerful governments and far better organized networks of spies and saboteurs in this country before without having to shred our constitution. This is no time to start.\" (thehill.com)submitted 10 hours ago by reeds1999 to politicsThe Lost World of Lake Vostok:::It’s very existence defies belief. Scientists are desperate to get into the lake because its extreme environment may be home to unique flora and fauna, never seen before, and NASA are excited by what it could teach us about extraterrestrial life. (viewzu.com)submitted 8 hours ago by conner54 to scienceWhat is your worst date? This is mine. (self.AskReddit)submitted 11 hours ago by GoudaTits to AskRedditTrigonometry is cool! (Game programming) (helixsoft.nl)submitted 6 hours ago by sanarothe to programmingEgypt: Americans scorn AlJazeera but it playd greater role in promoting democracy in Arab world than anything US did (nytimes.com)submitted 17 hours ago by jewiscool to worldnewsI walked into a bathroom stall at a bar last night, only to find a girl hiding behind the door. It went something like this (i.imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by sconic to funnyEgyptians Can Claim Mubarak’s Stolen Billions: From Feb 1, Swiss law allows for money deposited in Swiss banks by Third World dictators to be reimbursed to the legitimate governments of the dictators’ countries of origin (!) (ipsnews.net)submitted 13 hours ago by maxwellhill to worldnewsFrom meeting with Bradley, from getting to know him and from watching his state degrade over time, the only conclusion I can reach is that this is torture. (abc.net.au)submitted 2 hours ago by ajehals to worldnewsNaziLeak: The leak of thousands of confidential e-mails from members of Germany\u0027s far-right National Democratic Party shows the group is soaked in racist and neo-Nazi ideology... and illegally misappropriates public funds. (dw-world.de)submitted 16 hours ago by barsoap to worldnewsNemerle, Factor, Alice ML, and other programming languages are being deleted from Wikipedia. Please help. (en.wikipedia.org)submitted 2 hours ago by iron_curtain to programmingCamera crew leaves Bear Grylls Unsupervised (i.imgur.com)submitted 5 hours ago by ethanol to picsIf a woman should be forced to see a sonogram of her unborn fetus before an abortion, shouldn\u0027t military decision-makers be forced to visit the civilians they bomb? (self.politics)submitted 1 hour ago by usuallyskeptical to politicsIt was a nice country walk, until... (i.imgur.com)submitted 9 hours ago by ProfessorLesser to funnyEgypt\u0027s Army dissolves parliament (bbc.co.uk)submitted 12 hours ago by RTLemur89 to worldnewsMost of us are fascinated by their retro look but to me, it’s imagining how people would feel and look like if they were to reenact them today... A few months ago, I decided to actually do this. So, with my camera, I started inviting people to go back to their future. A Now and Then Project. (irinawerning.com)submitted 3 hours ago by flippinkittin to picsGuy has oral sex with two girls who are over the age of consent. He still gets convicted of sodomy. Sodomy law gets struck down, so naturally he is still required to register as a sex offender. (abajournal.com)submitted 9 hours ago by Dylan_Ram_Brick to WTFHow do I become genuinely interested in people? (self.AskReddit)submitted 7 hours ago by trappedlunatic to AskRedditCitizens of Algeria vow to hold a protest every Saturday until the government falls (english.aljazeera.net)submitted 1 hour ago by Hicksapotamis to worldnewsMy boyfriend took a candid photo of me and it turned out better than expected. (imgur.com)submitted 6 hours ago by fupahunter to picsJustice for Brisenia, 9 yr old latino child shot in the face by the Minutemen American Defense Corps. Her last words \"Please don\u0027t shoot me..\" (act.presente.org)submitted 6 hours ago by mtb333 to politicsview more: nextUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. (c) 2011 Conde Nast Digital. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.all it takes is a username and passwordcreate accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...already have an account and just want to login?login","h1":"you\u0027ll need to login or register to do that",".title":"What\u0027s Slowing Down Your PC? How Life Works shows you the two most common issues and offers easy solutions. (howlifeworks.com)What\u0027s Slowing Down Your PC? How Life Works shows you the two most common issues and offers easy solutions.Clarence Thomas not speaking in oral arguments means diddly. The fact that he will come to conference with his mind made up, and leave with that same opinion, that\u0027s what you should be worried about. (youtube.com)Clarence Thomas not speaking in oral arguments means diddly. The fact that he will come to conference with his mind made up, and leave with that same opinion, that\u0027s what you should be worried about.POLL - Fake Boobs: Hot or Not? (askmygirlfriend.com)POLL - Fake Boobs: Hot or Not?Are You A Poser? (financiallypoor.com)Are You A Poser?Bay Bridge (pic) (flickr.com)Bay Bridge (pic)Mario Kart N64 was an awesome game, huh? Especially when you win (youtube.com)Mario Kart N64 was an awesome game, huh? Especially when you winSecrets of the Web: Where to Go for Watches and Jewelry at Up to 80% Off. A brand new site which is kind of like a combination of Amazon and eBay is saving many people up to 80% on designer jewelry and watches. (howlifeworks.com)Secrets of the Web: Where to Go for Watches and Jewelry at Up to 80% Off. A brand new site which is kind of like a combination of Amazon and eBay is saving many people up to 80% on designer jewelry and watches.How many Mac users here are still using a PPC Mac as their primary machine? Who has the oldest machine in use? (self.apple)How many Mac users here are still using a PPC Mac as their primary machine? Who has the oldest machine in use?Snow comes off semi trailer traveling down highway. (youtube.com)Snow comes off semi trailer traveling down highway.Join the Club! You won\u0027t regret it. (amazon.com)Join the Club! You won\u0027t regret it.Regarding, \u0027There Are No Rules.\u0027 (i.imgur.com)Regarding, \u0027There Are No Rules.\u0027Rick Steves - The Law against Marijuana is causing more Problems than the drug abuse itself. Last year we arrested 800,000 people for drug possession. It\u0027s messing up a lot of families and it is counter-productive. Let\u0027s find a smarter way to deal with this and regulate it and educate people. (thelibertyunderground.blogspot.com)Rick Steves - The Law against Marijuana is causing more Problems than the drug abuse itself. Last year we arrested 800,000 people for drug possession. It\u0027s messing up a lot of families and it is counter-productive. Let\u0027s find a smarter way to deal with this and regulate it and educate people.Is it normal...? (27.media.tumblr.com)Is it normal...?Alcohol impairs judgment. (imgur.com)Alcohol impairs judgment.Back in 2006, I created my own motion sensor device by taping a book to my desk and a mouse to my keyboard. (youtube.com)Back in 2006, I created my own motion sensor device by taping a book to my desk and a mouse to my keyboard.GOP rep: I made a \u0027terrible mistake\u0027 in last year\u0027s Patriot Act vote. We have faced far more malignant and powerful governments and far better organized networks of spies and saboteurs in this country before without having to shred our constitution. This is no time to start.\" (thehill.com)GOP rep: I made a \u0027terrible mistake\u0027 in last year\u0027s Patriot Act vote. We have faced far more malignant and powerful governments and far better organized networks of spies and saboteurs in this country before without having to shred our constitution. This is no time to start.\"The Lost World of Lake Vostok:::It’s very existence defies belief. Scientists are desperate to get into the lake because its extreme environment may be home to unique flora and fauna, never seen before, and NASA are excited by what it could teach us about extraterrestrial life. (viewzu.com)The Lost World of Lake Vostok:::It’s very existence defies belief. Scientists are desperate to get into the lake because its extreme environment may be home to unique flora and fauna, never seen before, and NASA are excited by what it could teach us about extraterrestrial life.What is your worst date? This is mine. (self.AskReddit)What is your worst date? This is mine.Trigonometry is cool! (Game programming) (helixsoft.nl)Trigonometry is cool! (Game programming)Egypt: Americans scorn AlJazeera but it playd greater role in promoting democracy in Arab world than anything US did (nytimes.com)Egypt: Americans scorn AlJazeera but it playd greater role in promoting democracy in Arab world than anything US didI walked into a bathroom stall at a bar last night, only to find a girl hiding behind the door. It went something like this (i.imgur.com)I walked into a bathroom stall at a bar last night, only to find a girl hiding behind the door. It went something like thisEgyptians Can Claim Mubarak’s Stolen Billions: From Feb 1, Swiss law allows for money deposited in Swiss banks by Third World dictators to be reimbursed to the legitimate governments of the dictators’ countries of origin (!) (ipsnews.net)Egyptians Can Claim Mubarak’s Stolen Billions: From Feb 1, Swiss law allows for money deposited in Swiss banks by Third World dictators to be reimbursed to the legitimate governments of the dictators’ countries of origin (!)From meeting with Bradley, from getting to know him and from watching his state degrade over time, the only conclusion I can reach is that this is torture. (abc.net.au)From meeting with Bradley, from getting to know him and from watching his state degrade over time, the only conclusion I can reach is that this is torture.NaziLeak: The leak of thousands of confidential e-mails from members of Germany\u0027s far-right National Democratic Party shows the group is soaked in racist and neo-Nazi ideology... and illegally misappropriates public funds. (dw-world.de)NaziLeak: The leak of thousands of confidential e-mails from members of Germany\u0027s far-right National Democratic Party shows the group is soaked in racist and neo-Nazi ideology... and illegally misappropriates public funds.Nemerle, Factor, Alice ML, and other programming languages are being deleted from Wikipedia. Please help. (en.wikipedia.org)Nemerle, Factor, Alice ML, and other programming languages are being deleted from Wikipedia. Please help.Camera crew leaves Bear Grylls Unsupervised (i.imgur.com)Camera crew leaves Bear Grylls UnsupervisedIf a woman should be forced to see a sonogram of her unborn fetus before an abortion, shouldn\u0027t military decision-makers be forced to visit the civilians they bomb? (self.politics)If a woman should be forced to see a sonogram of her unborn fetus before an abortion, shouldn\u0027t military decision-makers be forced to visit the civilians they bomb?It was a nice country walk, until... (i.imgur.com)It was a nice country walk, until...Egypt\u0027s Army dissolves parliament (bbc.co.uk)Egypt\u0027s Army dissolves parliamentMost of us are fascinated by their retro look but to me, it’s imagining how people would feel and look like if they were to reenact them today... A few months ago, I decided to actually do this. So, with my camera, I started inviting people to go back to their future. A Now and Then Project. (irinawerning.com)Most of us are fascinated by their retro look but to me, it’s imagining how people would feel and look like if they were to reenact them today... A few months ago, I decided to actually do this. So, with my camera, I started inviting people to go back to their future. A Now and Then Project.Guy has oral sex with two girls who are over the age of consent. He still gets convicted of sodomy. Sodomy law gets struck down, so naturally he is still required to register as a sex offender. (abajournal.com)Guy has oral sex with two girls who are over the age of consent. He still gets convicted of sodomy. Sodomy law gets struck down, so naturally he is still required to register as a sex offender.How do I become genuinely interested in people? (self.AskReddit)How do I become genuinely interested in people?Citizens of Algeria vow to hold a protest every Saturday until the government falls (english.aljazeera.net)Citizens of Algeria vow to hold a protest every Saturday until the government fallsMy boyfriend took a candid photo of me and it turned out better than expected. (imgur.com)My boyfriend took a candid photo of me and it turned out better than expected.Justice for Brisenia, 9 yr old latino child shot in the face by the Minutemen American Defense Corps. Her last words \"Please don\u0027t shoot me..\" (act.presente.org)Justice for Brisenia, 9 yr old latino child shot in the face by the Minutemen American Defense Corps. Her last words \"Please don\u0027t shoot me..\"site linkshelpreddit toolsabout usbrotherssisters","h2":"","h3":"create a new accountlogin",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 14 2010 2011 2012 35,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 14 2010 2011 2012JAN FEB MAR142010 2011 201235,188 captures 18 Jul 02 - 31 Jan 16interface language English [en]??????? [ar]????????? ???? [bg]català [ca]?esky [cs]dansk [da]Deutsch [de]???????? [el]English (Australia) [en-au]English (Canadian) [en-ca]English (Great Britain) [en-gb]English (United States) [en-us]Esperanto [eo]español [es]español [es-ar]eesti keel [et]????? [fa]suomi [fi]français [fr]????? [he]hrvatski jezik [hr]Magyar [hu]Bahasa Indonesia [id]íslenska [is]italiano [it]??? [ja]??? [ko]1337 [leet]LOL [lol]lietuvi? kalba [lt]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Arrrrrrrr! [pir]polski [pl]português [pt]português [pt-pt]român? [ro]??????? [ru]sloven?ina [sk]?????? ????? [sr]Srpski [sr-la]Svenska [sv]????? [ta]Türkçe [tr]?????????? ???? [uk]?? [zh] (*) incomplete volunteer to translatecontent language all languages some languages ??????? ????? português ?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român? ????????? ???? Magyar ??????? català ??????? ????? sloven?ina ?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?ina dansk íslenska ?????? ????? Deutsch italiano Svenska ???????? ??? ????? English ??? ??????? Esperanto Latin Türkçe español lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ???? eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t ????? Nederlands ?? suomi Norsk français polski??????? ????? português?????????? ???? hrvatski jezik român?????????? ???? Magyar ???????català ??????? ????? sloven?ina?esky Bahasa Indonesia slovenš?inadansk íslenska ?????? ?????Deutsch italiano Svenska???????? ??? ?????English ??? ???????Esperanto Latin Türkçeespañol lietuvi? kalba ?????????? ????eesti keel latviešu valoda Ti?ng Vi?t????? Nederlands ??suomi Norskfrançais polski","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2011,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":55,"second":2},"articleSource":"https://www.reddit.com/"}
