{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP08.11.2005 Arianna HuffingtonDuring my many years as a writer, I’ve interviewed hundreds of people. But talking with Cindy Sheehan this morning was unlike any conversation I’ve ever had. Even though we were talking via cell phone -- and had a crummy, staticky connection at that -- her authenticity and passion reached through the receiver and both touched my heart and punched me in the gut. She spoke with a combination of utter determination, unassailable integrity, fearlessness, and the peace of someone who knows that their cause is just. Her commitment was palpable -- and infectious. It reminded me an old quote about the great Greek orators: “When Pericles spoke, the people said, ‘How well he speaks.’ But when Demosthenes spoke, they said, ‘Let us march!’”The time has passed when we can stand around waiting for a knight on a white horse to ride to our rescue. We’ve got to look to ourselves -- to the leader in the mirror. Our elected officials have woefully failed to provide the leadership needed on this most vital issue of our time. And stepping into that void is Cindy Sheehan.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Cindy SheehanThis is George Bush\u0027s accountability moment. That\u0027s why I\u0027m here. The mainstream media aren\u0027t holding him accountable. Neither is Congress. So I\u0027m not leaving Crawford until he\u0027s held accountable. It\u0027s ironic, given the attacks leveled at me recently, how some in the media are so quick to scrutinize -- and distort -- the words and actions of a grieving mother but not the words and actions of the president of the United States. But now it\u0027s time for him to level with me and with the American people. It\u0027s too late to bring back the people who are already dead, but there are tens of thousands of people still in harm\u0027s way.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Christine LahtiCindy Sheehan is my hero. She is the hero of all Americans who make up the 62% of us who oppose this war. As an American exercising her right to free speech, she is a brave, passionate, living example of democracy, and she has the undeniable force and the moral authority of a grieving mother. Being a mother of three, I can\u0027t even imagine the depths of the grief she must feel having lost her son in this horrific war. But I can imagine that her grief and rage -- her demand for justice and action -- is a force that is unstoppable. No wonder Bush is intimidated. No wonder he can\u0027t even walk down his driveway. He is scared shitless. Whether he acknowledges it or not -- whether his aides try to insulate him from the truth or not -- his hands are covered in the blood of Cindy Sheehan\u0027s son.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Norman LearI see now that “The Sheehan Family” has issued a statement distancing them from Mrs. Sheehan, because they “…support the troops, our country, and our President…” Is there anything Mrs. Sheehan is doing that would suggest to any reasonable person that this Gold Star mother doesn’t support our troops, our country, and the office of the President? No American -- let alone a Gold Star mother -- is required to agree with every decision her president makes in order to secure her good name as a citizen and as a supporter of our troops and our country.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Gary HartThe caskets keep coming home... with no public official to greet them or to respect them. They are the forgotten dead and they represent thousands more of the even more forgotten wounded. But wait. There is someone to hold the emperor to account. There is someone willing to look ridiculous, to be mocked and made a fool of. She is not a Senator. She is not a party leader. She is not in the regular establishment Rolodex of the Sunday talk producers. Yet, she holds the highest office available in a republic, that of citizen. When the last Marine leaves Iraq, dead or alive, she can claim more credit than them all. Because of the courage of one brave woman, she quite possible will have had more to do with finally bringing this great nation back to its senses... and to its principles. Remember her name. It is Cindy Sheehan.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Andy SternStatistics: a suicide bomber today killed 10 and wounded 43. It is easy to be numbed by statistics, by counting, and the constant drumbeat of war. And then there is Cindy. People. Phone calls at night and knocks on doors -- relief or disaster, joy or life-changing tragedy, mothers and sons never to be together again. In a war, a war of choice. Cindy deserves her time with the President. She is the voice for too many mothers who are voiceless. For too many sons never to come home. Cindy paid a Mom\u0027s ultimate price. She deserves to be able to complete her mission, and ask her Commander in Chief, What is the plan to bring all of the other Mom\u0027s sons -- their Caseys -- home safely?read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Sarah JonesGeorge W. and his feckless flock of draft-dodging warhawks somehow wrested control of our country away from sane people by telling the public that they are what America stands for. They are what this country\u0027s all about, the heroes of folksy, all-American stories conjuring images of apple pie, baseball, and Mom. Except when it really comes down to it, they don\u0027t give a damn about Mom, especially not Moms like Cindy Sheehan who have made the sacrifice our phony ranch-hand-in-Chief pretends to understand in press conferences right before he gives everyone the bird.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Rep. Jim McDermottIf only we had a leader. If only he had a heart. The wounds that have killed, maimed and injured thousands of American soldiers in Iraq have been ripped open again deep in a heartless part of Texas. We grieve with Cindy Sheehan. We grieve over all the fallen heroes. As a medical doctor, I know that the process of grieving must reach closure. I can only hope that someone in this Administration comes to their senses and welcomes Cindy Sheehan in with open arms.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Jodie EvansI came to Crawford with Cindy Sheehan because we have a terrible common bond: I, too, have lost a child. I feel Cindy\u0027s pain as my personal pain, and George Bush has absolutely no understanding of what that pain is like. If he did, he would never send other people\u0027s children off to die in an unnecessary war. If he did, he would understand that Cindy has sparked this nation\u0027s conscience and must be listened to. It is time for us, the mothers of this great nation, to show our fierce love for our children by joining Cindy\u0027s call to stop the killing and bring our troops home.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Tom HaydenCasey Sheehan lives in his mother\u0027s being, and that\u0027s why Cindy Sheehan can\u0027t stop, won\u0027t stop. She shows us why and how to fight. She is wrecking the President\u0027s vacation and rupturing his control of the media. She is establishing the presence of an anti-war spirit among military families. What is interesting so far is that Bush, unlike Nixon, has not succeeded in generating a Gold Star Mothers for War. Is the sentiment that anti-Bush among all those families who are pondering how they lost their loved ones for a fabrication? Is that also why Rep. Walter Jones, a Republican whose district includes Camp Lejeune, has co-authored a House resolution for withdrawal? As in Vietnam, once again it appears for now that the soldiers withdraw first, with their hearts and minds, even as their bodies go through the motions. The spirits of the dead take point for the living.permalink | comments08.11.2005 David SwansonRemember those reports last year on a medical study that found that participating in public demonstrations is good for your health? I don\u0027t think you\u0027ll need to read it if you go to Crawford. Going to Crawford will be fun. It will also be effective. At this point, Bush\u0027s stubborness is influencing his stupidity. He doesn\u0027t think that he, the President!, should have to speak to anyone he doesn\u0027t feel like speaking to. This is a very bad PR move for him -– at least as long as Camp Casey continues to grow. So don\u0027t let Bush off the hook. Join Cindy in Crawford. You\u0027ll love her and the people with her, and they will welcome you as family.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Bob FertikSome have compared Cindy Sheehan to Rosa Parks, and I certainly agree. But Cindy also powerfully reminds me of the little child in Hans Christian Andersen\u0027s famous story, The Emperor\u0027s New Suit. George Bush\u0027s War in Iraq, like the emperor\u0027s new clothes, is a naked fraud. Nevertheless, Bush\u0027s courtiers insist that the war is a \"noble cause,\" and so Bush keeps pretending that it is. Cindy Sheehan refuses to pretend. She demands to know \"what noble cause?\" And her simple question exposes Bush as the utterly naked Emperor that he is.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Steve Cobble40 years ago, speechwriter Richard Goodwin wrote these inspiring words for President Lyndon B. Johnson, so he could introduce the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to Congress: \"At times history and fate meet at a single time in a single place to shape a turning point in man\u0027s unending search for freedom. So it was at Lexington and Concord. So it was at Appomatox. So it was last week in Selma, Alabama.\" Could it be that history and fate have followed Cindy Sheehan to a small crossroads in Crawford?read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Dal LaMagnaHow many American mothers and fathers and families are going through what Cindy Sheehan is experiencing? How many Iraqi families? I don’t believe that Bush doesn’t care about the dying young men and women. I think he knows this whole situation is out of his control; that he is overwhelmed and feels helpless. There are just too many parents to console, too much grief to confront, too many wounded soldiers coming home...read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Craig CrawfordThis could be a perfect storm for a media frenzy, the political world\u0027s answer to the Aruba chase. Mainstream media appears ready to join the blogosphere in covering Cindy Sheehan, the mother of a fallen soldier who has been staging an anti-war vigil near President Bush\u0027s Texas ranch since Saturday. The Associated Press reports that Sheehan is \"drawing supporters from across the nation.\" Today\u0027s arrival of Secretary of State Condi Rice and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld at the Bush ranch is likely to draw more media attention...read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaI haven\u0027t seen Bill O\u0027Reilly so flummoxed since Al Franken took him down at that LA book fair last year, though this was much subtler. He had to grin and swallow it all because he was interviewing the mother of a dead soldier. O\u0027Reilly was obliged to blend his most unctuous pretense-of-fairness manner (\"I\u0027ll give you the last word\") with his most over-bearing bullyboy style as he tried to manipulate and finally bludgeon this poor woman into conceding his point with questions like -- (rough quote) \"You know Michael Moore, you know he hates our country. If you had to choose between him and President Bush, who would you choose?\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Eric BoehlertAgreed. It was must-see TV. And not only because what it revealed about Bill O\u0027Reilly--he was forced into a four corners delay to run out the clock after he realized the mess he was in with Dolores Kesterson, mother slain Chief Warrant Officer Erik Kesterson--but also what the segment revealed about president Bush, who apparently tried to bully the grieving mother when she questioned him about his war of choice.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Harry Cabluck, FileAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.From Washington PostAP Photo/Richard DrewHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From www.nbc6.netAP/Jan PitmanAPAP/Jeff RobersonFrom wired.comAP Photo/Chitose SuzukiFrom OK Magazine","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"One Week Later, Mother Of Casey Sheehan Still Waiting For A Meeting With Bush...Cindy Sheehan: “This Is George Bush\u0027s Accountability Moment”...Cindy Sheehan Steps Into the Leadership VoidThis is George Bush’s Accountability MomentCindy Sheehan is My HeroAn American Mother Loses Her SonA Voice Crying in the WildernessCindy Deserves Her Time with the PresidentMoms Like Cindy SheehanAn Open WoundMy Terrible Common Bond With Cindy SheehanCindy Sheehan Can\u0027t Stop Won\u0027t StopParty or DieCindy Exposes the Emperor\u0027s New ClothesLexington. Selma. Crawford?What Is One Life Worth?Protester Mom Draws A CrowdCindy Sheehan Has a FriendCindy Sheehan Has a Friend, cont\u0027d","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000...Oil Hits $66 A Barrel...How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...CIA Officials, Not Valerie Plame, Chose Amb. Joe Wilson For Niger Trip...IAEA Board Demands Iran Resume Nuclear Freeze...“Trend Of Increasing Summer Temperatures... Due To Global Warming”...Fed Worshipers Adorning Homes With His Portrait…Three GOP Governors Attacking Unions...U.S. Troops Not Likely To Leave Iraq For Another Year...Bush Signs Road Bill Stuffed With Pork, Well Over His “Limit”...U.K. Plans To Deport Ten Foreign Nationals “Not Conducive To The Public Good”…News Corp.\u0027s Profits Soar 67% On Fox Success...Murdoch Blocks Major Investor From Buying More Shares In News Corp...White House Suppressing 50,000 Pages Of Roberts Docs...Conservative Group Pulls Support For Roberts... Prez: “Others Feel The Same Way”...Four Star General Dismissed Over “Inappropriate Relationship”...FEMA Tricked Into Paying For 203 Funerals...Kansas Schools OK Criticism Of Evolution In Teaching...Falwell Says “Vote Christian In 2008”...Video Game Music Selling Out Concert Venues Nationwide...Yahoo Paying $1B For Chunk Of Chinese Company Alibaba.com…600 Truckers Blocking Florida Turnpike In Gas Price Protest...“You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”...Saudis Breaking Barriers Using Bluetooth To Flirt…Donald Trump Launches A Blog...Suicide Theme Park Planned In Hong Kong...FedEx In Fit Over Man Who Furnished Apartment With Boxes...Jellyfish Swarming Spain’s Beaches, 11,000 Injured…OK Mag Insiders Say Jessica Simpson Forbidden From Other Covers For Two Years...Dept. of Homeland Security To Begin Using “Electric Bullets”Bigamist Caught in Lie After Three Wives Visit Him In Hospital…Veteran British Broadcaster May Join Al-Jazeera…1 in 25 Fathers Unknowingly Raising Another Man’s Child…","h5":"Government Says Get Used To Shelling Out $2.10 Or More For Gas…Read Trump\u0027s Blog Here...","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 12 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 12 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP122004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP/Harry Cabluck, File FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000... in brief | comments Oil Hits $66 A Barrel... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... in brief | comments CIA Officials, Not Valerie Plame, Chose Amb. Joe Wilson For Niger Trip... in brief | comments IAEA Board Demands Iran Resume Nuclear Freeze... in brief | comments “Trend Of Increasing Summer Temperatures... Due To Global Warming”... in brief | comments From Washington Post Fed Worshipers Adorning Homes With His Portrait… in brief | comments Three GOP Governors Attacking Unions... in brief | comments U.S. Troops Not Likely To Leave Iraq For Another Year... in brief | comments Bush Signs Road Bill Stuffed With Pork, Well Over His “Limit”... in brief | comments U.K. Plans To Deport Ten Foreign Nationals “Not Conducive To The Public Good”… in brief | comments News Corp.\u0027s Profits Soar 67% On Fox Success... AP Photo/Richard Drew in brief | comments Murdoch Blocks Major Investor From Buying More Shares In News Corp... in brief | comments White House Suppressing 50,000 Pages Of Roberts Docs... comments Conservative Group Pulls Support For Roberts... Prez: “Others Feel The Same Way”... comments Four Star General Dismissed Over “Inappropriate Relationship”... in brief | comments FEMA Tricked Into Paying For 203 Funerals... in brief | comments Kansas Schools OK Criticism Of Evolution In Teaching... comments Falwell Says “Vote Christian In 2008”... comments Video Game Music Selling Out Concert Venues Nationwide... in brief | comments Yahoo Paying $1B For Chunk Of Chinese Company Alibaba.com… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From www.nbc6.net 600 Truckers Blocking Florida Turnpike In Gas Price Protest... in brief | comments Government Says Get Used To Shelling Out $2.10 Or More For Gas… in brief | comments AP/Jan Pitman “You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”... in brief | comments AP Saudis Breaking Barriers Using Bluetooth To Flirt… in brief | comments AP/Jeff Roberson Donald Trump Launches A Blog... in brief | comments Read Trump\u0027s Blog Here... in brief | comments Suicide Theme Park Planned In Hong Kong... in brief | comments From wired.com FedEx In Fit Over Man Who Furnished Apartment With Boxes... in brief | comments AP Photo/Chitose Suzuki Jellyfish Swarming Spain’s Beaches, 11,000 Injured… in brief | comments From OK Magazine OK Mag Insiders Say Jessica Simpson Forbidden From Other Covers For Two Years... in brief | comments Dept. of Homeland Security To Begin Using “Electric Bullets” in brief | comments Bigamist Caught in Lie After Three Wives Visit Him In Hospital… in brief | comments Veteran British Broadcaster May Join Al-Jazeera… in brief | comments 1 in 25 Fathers Unknowingly Raising Another Man’s Child… in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050812011459,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
