{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From harvard.law.edu07.18.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWe keep hearing how modern technology has made our world smaller. Well, I just got a taste of what they mean. To set the scene, I’m here in Sardinia, enjoying a beautiful summer day. I decide to check in with the real world and go online, calling up the LA Times website… and what do I see? A front page story about Sardinia -- specifically local opposition to the U.S.’s military presence on the island... So I had to travel over 6,000 miles to have my hometown paper let me know what was happening right outside my door. I’m sure it was just a coincidence… but if the Times follows up with an expose of what’s happening on the Isle of Capri (our next destination), I’m going to really get suspicious.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Bill DiamondPresident Bush today reiterated his pledge to immediately fire anyone in his administration found to have leaked the identity of an undercover CIA operative. He did, however, add some stipulations to his firm pronouncement. In order for the firing to take place, Bush said it would need to be shown that an actual crime had taken place and that the act had been perpetrated while the leaker was hopping on one foot, simultaneously patting his head and rubbing his belly, and while he (or she) was listening to an iPod (specifically the special 20 gb U2 version and not the less expensive Mini or Shuffle models).read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Tom WatsonSo there are still some right-leaning fundamentalist Republicans who don\u0027t believe in the evolution of the species? They ought to look to their guy in the White House, who is clearly engaging in some natural selection of the political kind, as he tries desperately to deal with the exploding Karl Rove national security treason scandal. Dig this evolution: September 29, 2003, McClellan: \"If anyone in this administration was involved in it [the improper disclosure of an undercover CIA operative\u0027s identity], they would no longer be in this administration.\" Earlier Today, Bush: \"If someone committed a crime, they will no longer work in my administration.\" Do they call that survival of the fittest?read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Hilary RosenKarl Rove won’t resign no matter how many blog posts, front page stories or speeches from the floor of Congress take place. These people don’t succumb to that kind of pressure. So why are Democrats wasting the chance to talk to people about what they really care about? As long as the political conversation is about Karl Rove, the Republicans win. The White House has obviously made a calculation that it is better to keep Karl around than to get rid of him and have the subject changed. That alone should give Dems a clue as to how important it is for us to change the subject.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Walter ShapiroIn a rational world, Republican activists would be sporting First Amendment lapel pins to signal support for Miller and a free press. Tom DeLay would be ordering every high-priced lobbying firm in Washington to take out a full-page ad in the Times to give a financial boost to this brave newspaper for standing up to a jack-booted federal prosecutor. Right-wing senators would be racing to TV cameras to vow to support only Supreme Court nominees who agree that the original intent of the Founding Fathers was to protect reporters from being jailed in cases like Miller\u0027s.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Gene KarpinskiOne would expect ExxonMobil, the world’s largest oil company, to be preoccupied with oil. Unlike some of its competitors, however, ExxonMobil seems to be an oil addict — working to drill to the last drop. Any mental health professional will tell you that addiction is almost always accompanied by “denial.” In ExxonMobil’s case, the company is one of the only oil companies still denying that the burning of its products is having an effect on the climate. At the same time, ExxonMobil has been acting as a pusher, working to keep oil as America’s drug of choice.read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Harry ShearerArianna has asked me to take the reins of the Russert Watch for a couple of weeks. This week\u0027s broadcast had two huge elephants in the studio that went unnoticed for the full hour. First: Like his guest Matt Cooper, Russert had testified to the grand jury on the Plame affair, yet at no point during the interview did the salient fact sally forth to the viewer. The pretense was uninvolved journalist interviewing involved participant: the reality was one pea in the pod interviewing a fellow pea. Cooper almost made news, but Russert saved him. RUSSERT: \"…there may have been more sources [than Rove and Libby]?\" COOPER: \"Yes.\" And there that line of questioning ends... whatever desire Tim has to get into it vanishes in the morning mist.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaAs the author of a widely acclaimed (these things are relative) book that includes a comparison of the mediated personalities of Bush (“The President’s Heart”) and Clinton (“The President’s Penis”), I think I understand what’s at stake for Dubya as he picks the next Supreme: a struggle between the Texas/born-again Bush and the Kennebunkport/Episcopal Bush. The Texas Bush is trying to convince himself that those postures of western manliness, the arms held out from the body, fist side forward, swinging with his strides, and all the rest, are really his own. But the Kennebunkport Bush could not be denied...read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Bill ScherIt has been 738 days since Karl Rove violated his obligations under Standard Form 312, the \"Classified Information Nondisclosure Agreement,\" which White House officials with national security clearances have to sign. Under SF-312, it does not matter where he got the info from. It does not matter if he knew it was classified. If he came across some gossip about a CIA agent, he has an obligation to check with the CIA before he goes blabbing about it.read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Andy SternLast week I was in the UK and met the shaken but resolute bus driver from the London bus bombing, George Psaradakis. He and his family were being honored at a union event, and looking at him and his kids made you cry. By the grace of god, he somehow not only survived, but managed to assist his passengers. \"Just doing my job,\" he said. \"Always trying to keep my passengers safe.\" Seeing George and his wife and two children made you remember that life is precious, just wars have human consequences, and unjust wars are crimes that stain our planet.read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Dr. Peter BregginOn June 25, Tom Cruise did the unthinkable on TV. He got serious about our widespread use of psychiatric drugs to solve our personal distress and anguish. He said that antidepressants can only “mask the problem” and that “these drugs are very dangerous.” He called psychiatry a “pseudoscience” and suggested that there are better approaches. He was right about all of this. In fact, I’d go further. Modern biological psychiatry is a materialistic religion masquerading as a science. Modern psychiatry makes believe that psychological and spiritual problems, such as anxiety and depression, are caused by mechanical failures in the physical brain.read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Alex KeyssarLike many others, I read with interest last week\u0027s report that Morgan Stanley had offered severance pay of roughly $113 million to its now-deposed head Philip Purcell. Purcell, as was widely reported, was finally forced out of his job after driving down the firm\u0027s stock price, badly harming morale, and leading numerous other executives to quit and go elsewhere. This set me to thinking. With my ignorance of investment banking and my vast inexperience as a corporate manager, I am quite certain that, if appointed to run Morgan Stanley (or any comparable firm), I too could produce a decline in the firm\u0027s stock value. And here\u0027s the great part: I would be willing to do this for a song. $10 million. Even $5 million for a year or two….read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Richard ValerianiPresident Bush says he\u0027ll consult with actor and former Senator Fred Thompson on his Supreme Court nominee. Perry Mason wasn\u0027t available... Chief Justice William Rehnquist says he\u0027s not quitting. His position is, If I don\u0027t drool, I can rule... Former Secretary of State Colin Powell is hired by a Silicon Valley venture capital firm. His first piece of advice: Do not, repeat, NOT, invest in Iraq...read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Beth LapidesThere\u0027s no us and them. But still, we\u0027re not them. Are we? Are we even us?read whole post | permalink | comments07.16.2005 Geoffrey R. StoneAt the core of the Robert Novak/Karl Rove/Matt Cooper/Judith Miller morass is a vacuum. It is the vacuum created by the steadfast refusal of Congress to enact a federal journalist-source privilege. Although forty-nine states and the District of Columbia have recognized some version of this privilege, Congress stands mute. Its failure to act has not only produced the quagmire of the Plame affair, but has also undermined our democratic system. With a federal shield law in place, journalists will have no excuse to promise confidentiality they cannot legally deliver, and sources will have a better sense of whether their effort to inform the public will or will not land them in the drink.read whole post | permalink | comments07.16.2005 Michelle PileckiIt\u0027s been more than a week since I It\u0027s been more than a week since I pointed out how amply the major US media covered the August 2004 outing of an al-Qaeda insider that Pakistani intelligence had \"flipped\" into spying on the bad guys for our side. \"Until U.S. officials leaked the arrest of Muhammad Naeem Noor Khan to reporters, Pakistan had been using him in a sting operation to track down al-Qaeda operatives around the world,\" reported CNN at the time. The United States apologized for the leaks, which put a premature end to \"a big MI5 and police surveillance operation in Britain.\" After the bombing attacks on London\u0027s transit system last week, the blogosphere bristled with questions about whether there was any connection. Why aren\u0027t the US media pursuing this: to confirm, refute, or at least ask questions?read whole post | permalink | comments07.17.2005 Jillian Crane\"Ten more,\" my trainer said. \"Use your stomach. 10, 9, 8, 7...\" CRACK. That was my back. I was at Will Roger’s Park working out with one of the elite of Hollywood trainers. I could no longer walk. As I was lying on my couch without ice to put on my back or pain killers to dull the pain, I heard a knock at the door. It was my very good girl friend, recently diagnosed with cancer. She slowly rubbed my back while she waited for the guy she had recently started dating to come over. He was going to give her a ride to a Kabbalist psychic--it was a full moon and the psychic wanted my friend to be at her house by eleven o’clock to drink a special brew that would help heal her...read whole post | permalink | comments07.16.2005 Jay RosenThe brutalizing of Scott McClellan at the White House podium on Monday is a development with long roots. They stretch well beyond the particulars of what McClellan earlier said about Karl Rove and the use of Valerie Plame to discredit Joseph Wilson. Frustrations roared to life that day from hundreds of briefings prior. Press rollback, the policy for which McClellan signed on, means not feeding but starving the beast, downgrading journalism where possible, and reducing its effectiveness as an interlocutor with the president. The president and his advisors have declared invalid the \"fourth estate\" and watchdog press model. They have moved on, and take it for granted that adversaries will not be as bold.read whole post | permalink | comments07.16.2005 Paul FeigYou remember the game of Clue, right? Well, instead of the board being a representation of a mansion, pretend the board is instead a map of Washington, DC. Using your love of intrigue and deduction, try to figure out who the second source for the Valerie Plame leak is. C\u0027mon, it\u0027ll be fun. It\u0027s the weekend. You\u0027re allowed to play games. After you mow the lawn, that is. And the garage could use a little paint, too. But just do your chores and then settle in for a little diversion.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Kevin HigleyReuters/Daily NewsAP/Iraqi Special TribunalAP/Nabil Al-juraniAP/Lawrence JacksonHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From informitv.comReuters/John GressAFP/FileReuters/Eddie KeoghFrom www.lakewood.cc","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"“What Is [The President\u0027s] Problem? Two Years, And He Can\u0027t Call Rove In And Find Out What The Hell Is Going On?”Does the L.A. Times Have a Copy of My Itinerary?Bush: Any Criminals in Leak to Be Fired (Some Exceptions May Apply)The Bush Theory of EvolutionDems Should Take Back the Vacation TalkFlying Saucers and Valerie PlameExxposeExxon.com: Staging an InterventionRussert Watch, Pinch HittingWhat Will \"Little George\" Decide?738 DaysA London Hero: \"Just Doing My Job\"Thanks Tom CruiseMy Offer to Morgan StanleyNews of the WorldHAIKUZZIWe Need a Federal Shield Law Now!Still Waiting for the Follow-UpEvery Day\u0027s a Little DeathRollbackThe Valerie Plame Game of Clue","h3":"25% Of Americans Think White House Is Cooperating In Investigation...President Bush Admits: “I Don’t Know All The Facts”…Cheney\u0027s Chief Of Staff Was Also Cooper\u0027s Source...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Sources No Longer Trust TIME Magazine...Rep. Tom Tancredo (R) Colo. “You Could Take Out Their Holy Sites”…Citigroup’s Earnings Miss Expectations, Bank Of America’s Up 12%…E.P.A. PR Campaign Uses Research Money, Hires Ghostwriters...London Bombing Suspects Were In Pakistan Last Year...British Pulling Out Of Iraq Over Next 12 Months...Britain\u0027s Partnership With U.S. Puts It “At Particular Risk” For Attacks…First Case Against Saddam…Insurgents Kill 24 Iraqi Policemen And Government Workers...Lawmakers Want Santorum Apology...“Pennsylvania Deserves Better Than Him”...“Instead Of [U.S.] Nuclear Subs, Let\u0027s Have Yachts And Sailboats”…France Vows To Deport Muslim Clerics Whose “Sermons Are Radical”…Covert U.S. Funds Reported In Iraqi Elections…NASA Accused Of Transporting Microbes To Mars…Court Rejects Greenhouse Gas Regulation...TiVo Wants You To Watch Commercials…Potter Book Breaks U.S. Records, $100M Plus In Sales Tops Weekend Box Office…3,500 FBI Documents On U.S. Activist Groups Draw Free Speech Concerns…“Google Is Becoming One Of The Largest Privacy Risks On The Internet”…Tuskless Elephants Evolving…Gene Linked To Obesity, Diabetes...“Hangover Gene” Discovered…“We\u0027ve Been Told To Be Ready” For A Supreme Court Nomination This Week..Tiger Is Back On Top...A Megachurch For 16,000…NBC Gambles On “Contemporary, Cool” Jesus…FDA Approves Pacemaker-Like Implant To Treat Depression...Top UK Diplomat’s Iraq Book Blocked…Rookie Wins $7.5M World Series Of Poker…59% Say Country Is On Wrong Track, 56% Disapprove Of Bush\u0027s Job Handling...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 19 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 19 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG192004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Sources No Longer Trust TIME Magazine... in brief | comments AP/Kevin Higley Rep. Tom Tancredo (R) Colo. “You Could Take Out Their Holy Sites”… in brief | comments Citigroup’s Earnings Miss Expectations, Bank Of America’s Up 12%… in brief | comments E.P.A. PR Campaign Uses Research Money, Hires Ghostwriters... in brief | comments Reuters/Daily News London Bombing Suspects Were In Pakistan Last Year... in brief | comments British Pulling Out Of Iraq Over Next 12 Months... in brief | comments Britain\u0027s Partnership With U.S. Puts It “At Particular Risk” For Attacks… in brief | comments AP/Iraqi Special Tribunal First Case Against Saddam… in brief | comments AP/Nabil Al-jurani Insurgents Kill 24 Iraqi Policemen And Government Workers... in brief | comments AP/Lawrence Jackson Lawmakers Want Santorum Apology...“Pennsylvania Deserves Better Than Him”... in brief | comments “Instead Of [U.S.] Nuclear Subs, Let\u0027s Have Yachts And Sailboats”… in brief | comments France Vows To Deport Muslim Clerics Whose “Sermons Are Radical”… in brief | comments Covert U.S. Funds Reported In Iraqi Elections… in brief | comments NASA Accused Of Transporting Microbes To Mars… in brief | comments Court Rejects Greenhouse Gas Regulation... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From informitv.com TiVo Wants You To Watch Commercials… in brief | comments Reuters/John Gress Potter Book Breaks U.S. Records, $100M Plus In Sales Tops Weekend Box Office… in brief | comments 3,500 FBI Documents On U.S. Activist Groups Draw Free Speech Concerns… in brief | comments “Google Is Becoming One Of The Largest Privacy Risks On The Internet”… in brief | comments AFP/File Tuskless Elephants Evolving… in brief | comments Gene Linked To Obesity, Diabetes... in brief | comments “Hangover Gene” Discovered… in brief | comments “We\u0027ve Been Told To Be Ready” For A Supreme Court Nomination This Week.. in brief | comments Reuters/Eddie Keogh Tiger Is Back On Top... in brief | comments From www.lakewood.cc A Megachurch For 16,000… in brief | comments NBC Gambles On “Contemporary, Cool” Jesus… in brief | comments FDA Approves Pacemaker-Like Implant To Treat Depression... in brief | comments Top UK Diplomat’s Iraq Book Blocked… in brief | comments Rookie Wins $7.5M World Series Of Poker… in brief | comments 59% Say Country Is On Wrong Track, 56% Disapprove Of Bush\u0027s Job Handling... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":37,"second":0},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
