{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaThe White House is obsessed with abstinence -- so you know the chastity crowd there will be turned on by the new Heritage Foundation study which \"proves\" that those taking virginity pledges get STDs less frequently than those who don’t. Whether or not the new study is valid (and Matthew Yglesias shows why it’s probably not) it gave me an idea (and aren\u0027t most good ideas born from bad ideas?)If the Bushies are so concerned with virginity and abstinence, why limit it to sex? So here is my modest proposal: all administration officials should take an abstinence pledge not to whore themselves out as lobbyists or otherwise trade on their insider standing upon walking through the governmental exit door. Unlike sexual virginity pledges, there’s absolutely no doubt that this vow would have a positive effect. For starters, it would spare us the unseemly sight of watching global warming doc rewriter Phil Cooney turning around and getting his hot and heavy payback from Exxon Mobil. Reason enough to push for the virginity pledge. But Cooney is far from the only former Bush administration official all-too-willing to put out soon after walking out.... Read More06.15.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.The news today is that Philip Cooney has gone to work for Exxon Mobil. But the real news is that he never left. This administration has consistently blurred the line between public service and private enterprise. There is nothing wrong with having business people in government if the objective is to recruit competence and expertise. But throughout the Bush administration business lobbyists from polluting industries are now running the agencies charged with protecting Americans from pollution -- not out of a commitment to public service but rather to subvert the very laws they are supposed to enforce, to enrich the president’s corporate paymasters.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Danielle CrittendenWe hope you enjoy your stay with us, however long it may be. Our accommodations have recently been renovated to meet every international standard . This year we received the coveted Five Bamboo Shoot Award for best detention facility. Conde Nast put Guantanamo at the top of its “Small Luxury Prisons of the World.” There are those who return to Guantanamo again and again who will tell you: It’s not just a resort. It’s a way of life.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Paul RieckhoffAttention bloggers in uniform: the Army is on to you. In April, the Multi-National Corps Command in Baghdad issued a policy memo on the rules governing blogging from the front lines. There are a few interesting lines in the policy memo that suggest the military hasn’t quite figured out this whole blogging thing. For example: “This is a punitive policy. Servicemembers in violation to (sic.) this policy may be subject to adverse administrative action or punishment under the UCMJ.” In other words, you should probably keep it to pictures of you and the guys handing out candy, or you can reasonably expect to get your blogger-butt kicked by the folks over at AWRAC.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Hooman MajdCongressman Duncan Hunter (R-CA) started his week by giving a press conference to defend the administration’s position on the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, and he did so by displaying to the media the dishes that the inmates eat. What he fails to understand is that it’s not the food or even the jail conditions that are the paramount issues here. Prove they’re terrorists and a danger to society and feed them fried rats and cut off the A/C, for all I care. We do, however, care if the prisoner might be innocent.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Laurence LeamerWhen things are going south for you, they do so in matters large and small. As his biographer, I find the roots to Schwarzenegger’s troubles not so much in the exigencies of California politics as much as in the character of the governor himself, and in the very qualities that have advanced him. The key to his personality is an awesomely joyous sense of life. That buoyant spirit served him well in his first year in office, but it sounds hollow now as he confronts a series of divisive, difficult issues.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Laurie DavidCan someone please make this gazillion dollar ExxonMobil propaganda campaign go away? Enough already with the nonstop commercials and their lies that the company is \"making the largest ever investment in independent climate and energy research that is specifically designed to look for new breakthrough technologies. It will take the very best minds.” Are these the same \"best minds\" that have spent the last decade churning out false information on global warming? The \"best minds\" that have been exerting undue influence on the administration\u0027s destructive energy and global warming policies (or lack thereof)? Really, it’s downright insulting.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Cenk UygurJose Padilla is a United States citizen. He was arrested in the United States and has been kept here for the entire duration of his detention. There is absolutely no justification for not applying the United States constitution to Jose Padilla, except one -- the president has unilaterally decided to label him an enemy combatant.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Carol Ross JoyntIt\u0027s naive of people to think Michael Jackson can\u0027t find a profitable job in the entertainment industry in America. Hey, folks, this is the land of \"American Idol\" and \"Fear Factor\" and \"Bachelorette,\" and the U.S. Congress. There are no limits.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Bill HillsmanThe best band in the land today is The Hold Steady. Lots of people said last year\u0027s Almost Killed Me was the Best Album You Didn\u0027t Hear in 2004. I won\u0027t disagree with that, but their new Separation Sunday is even better-- a monster powerhouse. Think Elvis Costello, Lou Reed, the Pogues, the Waterboys, a wee dollop of Van Morrison, and yes, even a little early Springsteen; all blended together with some Rolling Stones licks and Queens of the Stone Age rawk. Better yet-- don\u0027t think, just listen.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Russell ShawBecause military service is a viable career option for some folks, I believe that military recruiters should be allowed to come to public schools and give their pitch. I\u0027m also the son of a disabled war vet. I remember the shrapnel screams, 20 years after he received them. So I do understand the sacrifices that were, and are, being made. Still, the most obvious demographic groups have signed up in ratios out of proportion to their numbers. Even among those groups, support for the Iraq war has been waning.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Nellie BThe Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania has weighed in with a bizarre new survey: Whom does the public perceive as journalists? More of the 1,500 adults surveyed define Larry King (37%) as a journalist than Bob Woodward (30%), who barely beats out Rush Limbaugh (27%). The \"winner\" of the journo-thon is Peter Jennings, with 79% of the respondents saying, yep, that\u0027s a journalist.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Cable NeuhausItem: Us Weekly magazine has announced that, effective immediately, it will no longer purchase paparazzi photos taken in a manner that may have endangered the subject.That\u0027s a big, positive step to help cool the war between the most irresponsible members of the paparazzi and the most picture-resistant among the celeberati. Here\u0027s why this matters...read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Carl PopeRemember those dot-to-dot drawings you did back in second grade? Just by connecting a few dots, a clear image of something that was invisible just moments before would emerge right before your eyes. Well, apparently a key piece of equipment in the Karl Rove/Frank Luntz bag of tricks is some kind of gizmo that deprives otherwise astute adults of the ability to connect a couple of dots. With the Bush energy bill now in front of Congress, the anti-dot folks are once again out in full force.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Alan PatricofIt’s not going to be a simple process but Olmert reinforced the statement that Israel will definitely begin moving people out of Gaza on August 15th and it will be completed in its entirety by September 15th. The result of this agenda has been to create the most serious internal crisis in Israel since 1948 and it is going to be very painful to carry out and will only take place with great fear and hesitation but it is inevitable in order to create a new relationship between Israel and the Palestinian authority...read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Jesse KornbluthIt\u0027s my view that we\u0027re experiencing not one, but two bubbles: Real Estate and God. Like the Real Estate Bubble, the God Bubble has been getting so much attention that we\u0027ve been encouraged to think it\u0027s real and growing: a bedrock change in American culture. And no doubt there are many who do place their faith above all else and are delighted that their religion is -- at last -- big news. But as in any movement, there are people who join a cause just because it looks like a winner.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Karen FinleyLet me tell you the real reason the Olympic stadium didn’t go through. It’s pay back time. New York City is sick and tired of having the party in their house, providing the booze, food, the space and then everyone putting their cigarettes out on our rug. After last summer’s hosting of the Republican Convention, (even though 75 percent of Manhattan voted for Kerry) New Yorkers have had enough.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Paul KrassnerIn the midst of all the news and views today about the Michael Jackson verdict, there appears a full-page ad by the 99-cents-only stores, with this headline: “NOT GUILTY!--of charging more than 99 cents.” Presumably, if the jury had gone the other way, the ad would have stated: “GUILTY! -- of never charging more than 99 cents.”permalink | comments","h1":"“She Certainly Seems To Respond To Visual Stimuli,” Said Dr. Frist....",".title":"","h2":"Virginity Vows... They’re Not Just for Sex AnymorePhilip Cooney Stays in the FoldWelcome to Guantanamo Bay Ranch and Day SpaArmy\u0027s Rules for Blogging from the BattlezoneGitmo Fried ChickenThe Aloneness of the GovernatorI Scream “Uncle!”Dirty, Dirty BomberMichael Jackson: The FutureOne or Two Things I KnowWhy are Army enlistments off? Because the swamp is being drainedCan You Be a Journalist If You\u0027re Not on TV?Paparazzi \u0026 Celeberati: All I am Saying Is Give Peace a ChanceDots All, FolksChange in Israel; Cherie Blair in U.S.If the Real Estate Bubble Bursts, is the God Bubble Next?Not In Our Town, The Olympic StadiumAnd Another Thing","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworksInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Verizon, Nissan, American Airlines Say No More Money For DeLay ...Feingold To Bush: US Needs Timetable For Iraq WithdrawalMore Than 50 Killed In Today’s Iraq AttacksABC News: Good Looking People Wantedbin Laden Alive and Well Says Taliban ChiefMilitary Recruitment Down, \u0027Don\u0027t Ask, Don\u0027t Tell\u0027 Gains AlliesEvolution Debate: \u0027Dupes\u0027 Vs. \u0027Fairy Tales\u0027Overlooked... Anti-Gays vs. Ford: Anti-Gays BlinkedFrist Makes $1M to $5M On Bush Tax CutGays In Spanish Opposition Threaten To Out Fellow Party Members ...Biggest. Wave. Ever.Live 8\u0027s Geldof Screams, eBay FoldsPoll: Canadians Believe Bush And bin Laden Are Equal ThreatsChristian Right Political Hero Makes GOP NervousExxon New Home For Bush Global Warming Expert ...Exxon Denies Fossil Fuels Cause Global WarmingHuffPo\u0027s Walter Cronkite: US Is Without Doubt The Greatest Culprit Among ThemDisney Serves Endangered Species At Hong Kong Theme ParkNew System Seamlessly Combines Landline, Cell Phone Into One ...More Cruise: Hires Scientology Minder For Katie ...Ecstasy Invades Northwest StatesSick Of MJ...Jon Stewart Explains...Senate Close To Banning On Flag Desecration, Vote To Be \u0027Cliffhanger\u0027Polygamous Sect Under Investigation ...World First...Scientists Grow Fully Mature Brain Cells In Lab...‘Unreasonable’, ‘Erroneous’, Discrimination, Supreme Court Tells TexasImus Rips Tucker Carlson On Air: \u0027Punk,\u0027 \u0027I\u0027ll Whoop His Little...\u0027Gitmo Inmates \u0027Never Eaten Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been Treated Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been More Comfortable\u0027Fat Speeds Up Your Aging Process Too...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 16 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 16 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL162004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Verizon, Nissan, American Airlines Say No More Money For DeLay ... in brief | comments Feingold To Bush: US Needs Timetable For Iraq Withdrawal in brief | comments More Than 50 Killed In Today’s Iraq Attacks in brief | comments ABC News: Good Looking People Wanted in brief | comments bin Laden Alive and Well Says Taliban Chief in brief | comments Military Recruitment Down, \u0027Don\u0027t Ask, Don\u0027t Tell\u0027 Gains Allies in brief | comments Evolution Debate: \u0027Dupes\u0027 Vs. \u0027Fairy Tales\u0027 in brief | comments Overlooked... Anti-Gays vs. Ford: Anti-Gays Blinked in brief | comments Frist Makes $1M to $5M On Bush Tax Cut in brief | comments Gays In Spanish Opposition Threaten To Out Fellow Party Members ... in brief | comments Biggest. Wave. Ever. in brief | comments Live 8\u0027s Geldof Screams, eBay Folds in brief | comments Poll: Canadians Believe Bush And bin Laden Are Equal Threats in brief | comments Christian Right Political Hero Makes GOP Nervous in brief | comments Exxon New Home For Bush Global Warming Expert ... in brief | comments Exxon Denies Fossil Fuels Cause Global Warming in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s Walter Cronkite: US Is Without Doubt The Greatest Culprit Among Them in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Disney Serves Endangered Species At Hong Kong Theme Park in brief | comments New System Seamlessly Combines Landline, Cell Phone Into One ... in brief | comments More Cruise: Hires Scientology Minder For Katie ... in brief | comments Ecstasy Invades Northwest States in brief | comments Sick Of MJ...Jon Stewart Explains... in brief | comments Senate Close To Banning On Flag Desecration, Vote To Be \u0027Cliffhanger\u0027 in brief | comments Polygamous Sect Under Investigation ... in brief | comments World First...Scientists Grow Fully Mature Brain Cells In Lab... in brief | comments ‘Unreasonable’, ‘Erroneous’, Discrimination, Supreme Court Tells Texas comments Imus Rips Tucker Carlson On Air: \u0027Punk,\u0027 \u0027I\u0027ll Whoop His Little...\u0027 in brief | comments Gitmo Inmates \u0027Never Eaten Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been Treated Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been More Comfortable\u0027 comments Fat Speeds Up Your Aging Process Too... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Globe and Mail (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Networks ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":7,"second":13},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
