{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaA little shift in our now traditional Sunday roundup of the week’s most interesting posts: since it’s Father’s Day, we thought we’d offer up some special takes on dear old Dad (and what it’s like being one), including warm and funny blogs from Paul Reiser, Trey Ellis, Marc Abraham, Seth Greenland, Bill Diamond, Jay Gordon, and Danielle Crittenden. We also had some news-making blogs this week from Andy Stern (on his union’s decision to break from the AFL-CIO), Walter Cronkite (on why he’s speaking out on global warming), and Bill Schulz (on the uproar over Amnesty International calling Gitmo a “gulag”). Plus a selection of seriously funny stuff from Adam McKay, Harry Shearer, Paul Krassner, Brad Hall, Paul Feig, Bruce Kluger and David Slavin.06.17.2005 Paul ReiserI\u0027m driving with my two boys – 9 and 4 - Springsteen playing. I’ve been not-so-subtly trying to get their musical tastes lined up with my own – partly because I think it’s good for them, and also because frankly, it’s just easier for me... And let me tell you something; until you’ve heard a 4 year-old belt out, \"This town rips the bones from your back, it’s a death trap...\" you have not been entertained.read whole post | permalink | comments06.19.2005 Bill DiamondDad? I have a terrible, terrible confession to make. I’m not proud to admit this but, well, ever since my first child was born fourteen or so years ago, I stopped thinking about Father’s Day as something for you and started thinking about it as something designed exclusively for me. It\u0027s true. I\u0027m ashamed to say it’s no longer about what lame gift am I going to get you that you don’t want. It’s now what lame gift are my wife and kids going to get me that I don’t want.read whole post | permalink | comments06.19.2005 Jay GordonMy father died twenty-six years ago at age 59. He was victim of the smoking, grease-eating post war era. When he died, I found a scrap of paper in his sock drawer with a hastily typewritten note. I’m not sure where the quote came from (the Bible, maybe) but I know I was meant to find it. I thought I’d share it with you today...read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Trey EllisMy father was a child psychiatrist and often acted as silly as his patients. He loved All My Children and celebrity gossip, yet when he was last admitted to the hospital he found a nobility within himself that still resonates with me to this day. Sitting up in his hospital bed he calmly explained that if the pneumonia didn’t surrender to the antibiotics he would have to be intubated and very likely would die soon thereafter. He told me that at his memorial service he wanted a childhood-friend-turned opera singer to sing the old spiritual, “There’s a Man Goin’ ‘Round Taking Names.”read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Danielle CrittendenDinner’s not ready; the children howl Your wife’s developed a permanent scowl. Rather than being brought a martini dry It’s a wet diaper you’re asked to verify And when the bouquet confirms it’s pee It’s you who changes it, not she.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Marc AbrahamI have had a few very lonely, vodka-laden Christmas eves... missed, forgot, overlooked more than a Hallmark display full of anniversaries and birthdays... had some of the ugliest bruising beefs on Valentines Day you could ever imagine... but in over fifty years of holidays I have never ever had a bad Father\u0027s Day.read whole post | permalink | comments06.18.2005 Seth GreenlandThe word role model gets thrown around a lot these days. Athletes are supposed to fulfill that role, or religious leaders, or, god forbid, movie stars. The man whose primary role model is his father, and who can still say that in middle age, is lucky for a lot of reasons. Perhaps the most important one is it makes him realize what he has the chance to mean to his own kids.read whole post | permalink | comments06.14.2005 Walter CronkiteI am joining the hundreds of thousands who shall be marching in the Virtual March on Washington to Stop Global Warming in order to demonstrate the concern that we all hold for the future of our planet and all the living things -- flora, fauna, human and animal -- that exist upon it. I want to be in that parade and if there is a place up front I\u0027d wish to lead the band or at least be assigned a big bass drum to help pound out the rhythm of glorious success.permalink06.13.2005 Andy SternLeadership means going first, and walking off old dead-end roads in a new direction -- because we can make new roads by walking. Life is not a spectator sport, so in SEIU we chose to be ready to leave the AFL-CIO and try to build something stronger, to make a new road for American workers by walking in a new direction. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and this weekend we get ready to walk.permalink | comments06.13.2005 Adam McKayFor centuries the magazine Cosmopolitan has used the quiz or survey as a way to reduce complex emotional and sociopolitical issues into numeric scores or categorical diagnosis like “You need a Vacation!” or “Time to find a new hairdresser and a new husband!” The good news is that it has worked....Cosmo has fixed the human race. So I thought I’d employ the same method to find out how close minded we are as individuals...permalink | comments06.13.2005 Jonathan AlterDear Roger: In your letter, you lump Newsweek\u0027s recent error in with that of CBS and other news organizations and say that those problems do not exist at Fox. I\u0027m glad you have not been caught in any recent mistakes and -- as I mentioned in my post -- you employ many fine journalists. But one reason your coverage may make fewer mistakes is that you do so little of the investigative reporting of business and government that is necessary for an informed citizenry. Fox\u0027s list of scoops on matters of public importance is extremely short...permalink | comments06.15.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.The news today is that Philip Cooney has gone to work for Exxon Mobil. But the real news is that he never left. This administration has consistently blurred the line between public service and private enterprise. There is nothing wrong with having business people in government if the objective is to recruit competence and expertise. But throughout the Bush administration business lobbyists from polluting industries are now running the agencies charged with protecting Americans from pollution -- not out of a commitment to public service but rather to subvert the very laws they are supposed to enforce, to enrich the president’s corporate paymasters.permalink | comments06.13.2005 Brad HallLast night I had a crazy dream. In it, President Bush publicly bitchslapped Phillip Cooney and other administration officials who had been lying about the dangers of global warming. The President cited the same dozen “doctored, distorted or suppressed” reports to which Robert Kennedy Jr. has referred in the Huffington Post and elsewhere. In my dream Mr. Bush explained that he had been talking to God and then, weeping like Jimmy Swaggart caught with a whore, he said that God had reminded him that lying was a sin, and that He would not longer tolerate it in his administration. Good dream, right? Well, it got better...permalink06.15.2005 Paul RieckhoffAttention bloggers in uniform: the Army is on to you. In April, the Multi-National Corps Command in Baghdad issued a policy memo on the rules governing blogging from the front lines. There are a few interesting lines in the policy memo that suggest the military hasn’t quite figured out this whole blogging thing. For example: “This is a punitive policy. Servicemembers in violation to (sic.) this policy may be subject to adverse administrative action or punishment under the UCMJ.” In other words, you should probably keep it to pictures of you and the guys handing out candy, or you can reasonably expect to get your blogger-butt kicked by the folks over at AWRAC.permalink | comments06.13.2005 Bill SchulzOver the past three weeks I’ve had more than one occasion to reflect on the power of symbols. Whether you agree with Secretary Rumsfeld that our analogy was “reprehensible” or with the New York Times that it was an “apt metaphor,” the use of that one word “gulag” had a remarkable impact on the public debate. Amnesty International got more media time to discuss U.S. detention policies in the past three weeks than we have in the past three years.permalink | comments06.16.2005 Rep. Jan SchakowskyLast week, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report [PDF] showing that between 2002-2004, the Department of Defense declared $33 BILLION worth of purchased goods to be \"excess\" - materials it didn\u0027t need or didn\u0027t end up using. Not only did DoD accumulate a surplus of materials about half the size of the total budget of the Department of Education or the Department of Health and Human Services, but it also lost weapons critical to our national security, and bought duplicates of materials that it had thrown away.permalink | comments06.17.2005 Bruce Kluger and David SlavinWhat Bolton needs to do is mount a good old-fashioned publicity campaign, one designed to win the hearts and minds of ordinary Americans. A few predictions: Bolton pitches a sitcom to CBS President Les Moonves. Everybody Hates Bolton takes a self-deprecating look at the former State Department Undersecretary’s chaotic domestic life, including a hilarious episode in which he handles his meddling mother once and for all by sending her on a cruise -- to Guantanamo Bay...read whole post | permalink06.17.2005 Byron YorkThe Times has never reported that Dean said, in January, \"I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for.\" The paper did not even mention his remarks until May, when Tim Russert asked Dean about them on Meet the Press. And then, the Times published Dean\u0027s defense of himself -- in which he said, \"I hate what the Republicans are doing to this country, I really do\" -- but never his original remarks. To this day, the Times has not published them.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Harry ShearerJournalists like to know how does it feel, and what’s the mood here now. Journalists don’t like to know how the Social Security system really works. Journalists can be Anchors, but never Sales. They can be reporters, or just repeaters. A journalist looks down on celebrities until the day he becomes one. Journalists can’t resist: miracle puppies. children trapped in wells. killer bees. Journalists are more curious than anybody, attacked by everybody, and lent money by nobody.permalink | comments06.15.2005 Laurie DavidCan someone please make this gazillion dollar ExxonMobil propaganda campaign go away? Enough already with the nonstop commercials and their lies that the company is \"making the largest ever investment in independent climate and energy research that is specifically designed to look for new breakthrough technologies. It will take the very best minds.” Are these the same \"best minds\" that have spent the last decade churning out false information on global warming? The \"best minds\" that have been exerting undue influence on the administration\u0027s destructive energy and global warming policies (or lack thereof)? Really, it’s downright insulting.permalink | comments06.14.2005 Carol Ross JoyntIt\u0027s naive of people to think Michael Jackson can\u0027t find a profitable job in the entertainment industry in America. Hey, folks, this is the land of \"American Idol\" and \"Fear Factor\" and \"Bachelorette,\" and the U.S. Congress. There are no limits.permalink | comments06.15.2005 Bill HillsmanMaybe you heard Kinky Friedman on Don Imus\u0027s show; maybe you didn\u0027t. But if you\u0027re interested in the future of politics in general (and independent politics in particular), you need to turn your eyes towards Texas. In the midwest, where I live, you can literally sense a change in the weather before it happens. It\u0027s very still; then the atmosphere gets electric, the temperature drops, the wind begins to pick up, and you know you\u0027re about to be in for something sudden and dramatic.permalink | comments06.14.2005 Paul KrassnerIn the midst of all the news and views today about the Michael Jackson verdict, there appears a full-page ad by the 99-cents-only stores, with this headline: “NOT GUILTY!--of charging more than 99 cents.” Presumably, if the jury had gone the other way, the ad would have stated: “GUILTY! -- of never charging more than 99 cents.”permalink | comments06.14.2005 Laurence LeamerWhen things are going south for you, they do so in matters large and small. As his biographer, I find the roots to Schwarzenegger’s troubles not so much in the exigencies of California politics as much as in the character of the governor himself, and in the very qualities that have advanced him. The key to his personality is an awesomely joyous sense of life. That buoyant spirit served him well in his first year in office, but it sounds hollow now as he confronts a series of divisive, difficult issues.permalink | comments06.15.2005 Paul FeigNow that Dr. Frist\u0027s diagnosis via videotape of Terri Schiavo seems to have been ... um ... completely wrong, does this mean the Schiavos can sue him for medical malpractice? Maybe we need a new law in this country covering examinations through an electronic medium. Anybody want to sponsor the Blockbuster Bill? The Netflix Initiative? Or maybe this can be the new and improved Terri\u0027s Law. Just brainstormin\u0027 here.permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Hagel: \u0027The White House Is Completely Disconnected From Reality\u0027...On The Blog NowFatherhood and the BossDear DadInheritanceWilliam Arthur Ellis, JR. M.D.ODE TO A MODERN DADFather\u0027s DayFather\u0027s DayGlobal Warming: Why I Am MarchingThis Weekend We Get Ready to WalkThe “How Dogmatic Am I?” QuizRx for What Ailes YouPhilip Cooney Stays in the FoldThe Power of GodArmy\u0027s Rules for Blogging from the BattlezoneThe Uproar Over Calling Gitmo a \"Gulag\"The DoD Money PitJohn Bolton\u0027s Next Move: The Charm OffensiveTimes Immunizes Dems Against Foot In Mouth DiseaseWhat IS a Journalist?I Scream “Uncle!”Michael Jackson: The FutureGetting More Independent-MindedAnd Another ThingThe Aloneness of the GovernatorPaging Dr. Frist, Dr. Fine, Dr. Frist!","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworksInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"\u0027I Have An Excellent Idea Of Where [Osama bin Laden] Is\u0027…Republicans Got Anti-Gambling Funds From Gambling...Rep. Conyers Fights Washington Post Over \u0027Cherry Picking\u0027 Facts...68,000 Mastercard Customers at High Risk ...Molester Suspected in 36,000 Abuse Cases ...Another Environmental Report Doctored: \u0027They Rewrote Everything ... It\u0027s A Crime...\u0027At Least 23 Dead Today In Baghdad Bombing...U.K. Memo: ‘Sounds Like A Grudge Between Bush And Saddam’…And They\u0027re Off: Senators Debate Ethanol, Issue Dear To Iowans ...Your Cell Phone Will Soon Be Your Bank...Alaska To Label Biotech Fish ...\u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027Jeb Bush Won\u0027t Let Schiavo Rest In Peace ...FBI\u0027s Saudi Office \u0027Delinquent\u0027 In 9/11 Investigations...Nation\u0027s Biggest Reservoir At Risk...Stunning Political Rise, Allegations Of Fraud, And A Run-Off In Iran ...Leak Of Secret PlanTo Protect G8 Leaders Sparks Security Alert ...Priest Seeking \u0027Good Lawyer\u0027 After Crucifying Nun...Online Music Sales Uplift Coldplay ...Clinton To Stay At Bush Compound In Maine ...Taxi! Fly Me To Fourteenth Street ...Google Developing Truth Technology...\u0027Crackberry\u0027 Network Crashes, Mass Withdrawl ...Public Broadcasting Chief Sought Ombudsman Advice From White House...Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ...Leader Says Southern Baptists Not Connecting To \u0027Needs Of The World\u0027","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 20 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 20 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL202004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16\u0027I Have An Excellent Idea Of Where [Osama bin Laden] Is\u0027… in brief | comments Republicans Got Anti-Gambling Funds From Gambling... in brief | comments Rep. Conyers Fights Washington Post Over \u0027Cherry Picking\u0027 Facts... in brief | comments 68,000 Mastercard Customers at High Risk ... in brief | comments Molester Suspected in 36,000 Abuse Cases ... in brief | comments Another Environmental Report Doctored: \u0027They Rewrote Everything ... It\u0027s A Crime...\u0027 in brief | comments At Least 23 Dead Today In Baghdad Bombing... in brief | comments U.K. Memo: ‘Sounds Like A Grudge Between Bush And Saddam’… in brief | comments And They\u0027re Off: Senators Debate Ethanol, Issue Dear To Iowans ... in brief | comments Your Cell Phone Will Soon Be Your Bank... in brief | comments Alaska To Label Biotech Fish ... in brief | comments \u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027 in brief | comments Jeb Bush Won\u0027t Let Schiavo Rest In Peace ... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette FBI\u0027s Saudi Office \u0027Delinquent\u0027 In 9/11 Investigations... in brief | comments Nation\u0027s Biggest Reservoir At Risk... in brief | comments Stunning Political Rise, Allegations Of Fraud, And A Run-Off In Iran ... in brief | comments Leak Of Secret PlanTo Protect G8 Leaders Sparks Security Alert ... in brief | comments Priest Seeking \u0027Good Lawyer\u0027 After Crucifying Nun... in brief | comments Online Music Sales Uplift Coldplay ... in brief | comments Clinton To Stay At Bush Compound In Maine ... in brief | comments Taxi! Fly Me To Fourteenth Street ... in brief | comments Google Developing Truth Technology... in brief | comments \u0027Crackberry\u0027 Network Crashes, Mass Withdrawl ... in brief | comments Public Broadcasting Chief Sought Ombudsman Advice From White House... in brief | comments Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ... in brief | comments Leader Says Southern Baptists Not Connecting To \u0027Needs Of The World\u0027 in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Globe and Mail (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Networks ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050620012820,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
