{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaI have a modest proposal: can we all stipulate that the American military is the “finest” military in the world? I mean, no one disagrees with that, right? So, fine, we all agree, and it need no longer be said...especially as a way of evading a thorny question -- as Donald Rumsfeld repeatedly did on yesterday’s Meet the Press. For instance, when asked about misjudgments made by him or the administration, Rummy bobbed, weaved, and finally resorted to the “finest military” dodge, saying: “I think that our military is the finest military on the face of the Earth. They are the best trained, they are the best equipped, they\u0027re the best led, and they\u0027re doing a fine, fine job for our country and for the Iraqi people.” Fine, agreed. But how does that absolve him from admitting any of the many, many avoidable mistakes he’s made?Here’s another proposal: why doesn’t Rumsfeld stop providing the men and women of the “finest military in the world” a bunch of lip service they don’t need and start providing them with the armor and equipment they so desperately need.Read More06.27.2005 Harry ShearerSunday morning, Donald Rumsfeld made the rounds of the TV yakfests, talking up the war. One of Rumsfeld\u0027s stops was on Meet the Press where, just before going on the air, the old master administered a bit of crucial spin to the host and moderator (and NBC Washington bureau chief). Here\u0027s the video clipread whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Hilary RosenWow. We won big. Unanimous. That doesn\u0027t happen very often. I was right. Winning is a big psychological lift. But knowing we were right legally really still isn\u0027t the same thing as being right in the real world. We had that euphoria with the first Napster decision. I hope my former colleagues remember that. The result was lots of back and forth and leverage hunting on both sides and continued litigation and then a great service shut down to make room for less great services. And more legal victories didn\u0027t bring more more market control no matter how many times it was hoped it would.read whole post | permalink06.27.2005 Richard Bradley\"If you look at the context of [Cheney\u0027s] remarks,\" Rumsfeld said yesterday on Fox, \"last throes could be a violent last throe, just as well as a placid or calm last throe. Look it up in the dictionary.\" All right. Here\u0027s how my dictionary defines \"throe\": 1 A severe pang or spasm of pain, as in childbirth (See Synonyms at pain); 2 A condition of agonizing struggle or trouble: a country in the throes of economic collapse....Not much about placidity or calm in those definitions, is there?read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonAt a recent press conference, a phalanx of black Georgia state legislators called the execution murder of two black farm couples in Monroe, Georgia in 1946 the last unprosecuted mass lynching in America. In a resolution, they demanded that the state prosecute the killers. The murder of Roger and Dorothy Malcolm and George and Mae Murray Dorsey was not just another unprosecuted lynch murder. It was the worst lynching atrocity in American history.read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Patt MorrisonOkay: who pulled the stake out of Calvin Coolidge’s heart? Silent Cal was once approached by a woman who said that she\u0027d bet her friend she could make Coolidge say three words. Cheese-paring Cal snapped, \"You lose.\" Silent Cal wasn’t so closemouthed when it came to America Inc. \"The business of America is business,\" he declaimed. Coolidge must be back and undead again, because boy, are we in business these days.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Bob DreyfussI paid pretty close attention to the just-concluded visit to Washington by Iraqi Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari. Sadly, the media gave Jaafari a free pass, asking him mostly softball questions and ignoring his radical-Islamist past, including his terrorist connections. Nothing at all came up about Jaafari\u0027s background as a leader of the Islamic Call (Al Dawa) party.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Paul FeigWith Italy calling for the arrest of 13 of our CIA agents, it has become clear that we must demonstrate our displeasure with their actions by extending our formerly popular and successful “Freedom Fries” campaign. Hence, Italian sausage shall now be referred to as “Independence Sausage.” The following list has been compiled in order to minimize the time it will take members of the administration and congress to illustrate their displeasure with other non-cooperative nations...read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Hooman MajdA question for George Bush: where were the Iranians you stand with, those who stand for freedom and democracy, on Friday? They must not have been at polls, for arch-conservative Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was elected the next president of the Islamic Republic in a landslide. Despite some questions of fraud and voter intimidation, Ahmadinejad won with enough of a margin to put to rest the idea that Iranians are ready for regime-change.read whole post | permalink | comments06.26.2005 Bill DiamondArianna’s Huffington Post scoop has me wondering -- is it that far-fetched to speculate that Dick Cheney’s long history of knee problems will soon result in his resignation, leading the President to tap Condoleezza Rice for the V.P. position before his term is over?read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Michelle PileckiMay I interrupt the Rovian food fight long enough to mention a threat to America that could dwarf 9/11? Flying under the headlines, avian flu A (H5N1) has killed only 54 people so far (and an awful lot of birds) in Asia, but the World Health Organization and assorted scientists are worried that the virus could lead to a pandemic that would kill at least 500,000 in the United States, many more world-wide.read whole post | permalink | comments06.26.2005 Paul KrassnerWhen Scientology learned that (a) The Realist had no assets, and (b) I was in the habit of publishing satirical articles, they offered to settle their $750,000 lawsuit for $5,000. I turned it down. Then they offered to drop the suit altogether if I would publish an article by Chick Corea, a jazz pianist and member of Scientology. I explained that this was not how I made my editorial decisions, and again I refused to settle. They dropped the suit anyway.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Dan CarolReady to wonk out a bit? Let\u0027s talk about the energy bill debate coming up in Washington. Hmm, never mind, maybe it\u0027s a good time to head to the islands and avoid hearing politicians of every stripe crow about their commitment to energy independence -- and then watch Congress and Bush fail to deliver the bold, clean energy moon shot we really-really need.read whole post | permalink | comments06.26.2005 Richard ValerianiPresident Bush tells a news conference he thinks about Iraq every day. Could have fooled us. In Iran, the hard-liner defeated the moderate in the race for President. The difference? Hard-liners chant \"Death to America!\" Moderates chant \"Death to America -- but not now!\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Josh SilverWe’re in this mess because public broadcasting policy is fundamentally flawed. The annual appropriation from Congress, the appointment of CPB board members by the President, increased dependence on corporate underwriters and other structures ensure that the public broadcasting will remain the victim of – rather than be insulated from – political and commercial pressures.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Tom HaydenNewt Gingrich narrated a Fox Special this weekend suggesting that Salvadoran gangs might smuggle Al Qaeda terrorism into the United States. Fusing the war on terrorism with the war on drugs and the war on gangs makes good politics, but is as flawed as the claim that Iraq was collaborating with Osama Bin Ladin.read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Jodie EvansStill absent is any sign of the US media, except the cameras of Deep Dish TV. The website got 15,000 hits from more than 100 countries. As the spokesperson for the Jury of Conscience, Arundhati Roy said earlier in the week, \"This is what resistance looks like, if we don’t show those who resort to violence alternative methods, it will be one of our failings.\"read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"Obesity Health Spending Balloons To $36.5B...",".title":"","h2":"Using the Troops as a Rhetorical Dodge: Rah-Rah, Sis-Boom-Bah... Next Question?Rummy Spins RussThe Wisdom of the Court , Part 2A Dozen Years?Feds Should Revisit America’s Most Heinous LynchingCalvin Coolidge Vampires Walk the U$A!!Bush\u0027s Own TerroristDiners of the World, Unite!Excuse Me, Mr. President?Talk Amongst YourselvesWatch the BirdieTom Cruise, Scientology and MeEnergy BurnoutNews of the Week in ReviewPBS Controversy: The Bottom LineGingrich/Fox Invent Gangs/Terror LinkShocking and Appalling Stories of US Illegalities at the World Tribunal on Iraq in Istanbul","h3":"Ten Commandments Allowed On Government Land, But Not In Courthouses...Journalists Closer To Jail Time...Bush Tells Iran \u0027A Nuclear Weapon Is Unacceptable\u0027...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"China Accuses Bush Admin. Of \u0027Interference\u0027 In Canceled Israeli Arms Deal...US To Produce $1.5B Of Plutonium, Most For Secret Missions ...Majority Of Americans Dispute White House Assessment Of Weakened Insurgency ...16 Hour Wave Of Insurgent Violence In Iraq...Court Rules Song Swappers May Be Sued...NASA To Blow Up Comet...US To Target Assets Of Companies Doing Business With Iran, North KoreaAmish Gene Pool Holds Disease-Fighting Secrets...Honda\u0027s Diesel Ad In \u0027Grrr\u0027 Campaign Cleans Up Awards...UN: Puff Of Pot, Tip Of Iceberg In Drug Chain ...Wal-Mart Expands, To Open In Europe ...Florida County Votes To \u0027Abstain From Acknowledging\u0027 Gay Pride Events ...TV Network For Gays To Debut ...\u0027Lord Of The Rings\u0027 Director Claims Underpaid By $100M…Common Anxiety Drugs Not Covered Under White House Drug Plan…Oil Nears Record $61 Mark After Iran VoteRanks Of Paparazzi Swell In Search Of \u0027Money Shot\u0027...Tony Blair\u0027s Son To Work For Republican Congressman ...Princess Diana Called JFK Jr. ‘An Amazing Lover’…Even Celebrity Cell Phones Confiscated At \u0027War Of The World\u0027s Premiere\u0027 ...Global Warming To Hit Africa Hardest...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 28 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 28 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL282004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16China Accuses Bush Admin. Of \u0027Interference\u0027 In Canceled Israeli Arms Deal... in brief | comments US To Produce $1.5B Of Plutonium, Most For Secret Missions ... in brief | comments Bush Tells Iran \u0027A Nuclear Weapon Is Unacceptable\u0027... in brief | comments Majority Of Americans Dispute White House Assessment Of Weakened Insurgency ... in brief | comments 16 Hour Wave Of Insurgent Violence In Iraq... in brief | comments Court Rules Song Swappers May Be Sued... in brief | comments NASA To Blow Up Comet... in brief | comments US To Target Assets Of Companies Doing Business With Iran, North Korea in brief | comments Amish Gene Pool Holds Disease-Fighting Secrets... in brief | comments Honda\u0027s Diesel Ad In \u0027Grrr\u0027 Campaign Cleans Up Awards... in brief | comments UN: Puff Of Pot, Tip Of Iceberg In Drug Chain ... in brief | comments Wal-Mart Expands, To Open In Europe ... in brief | comments Florida County Votes To \u0027Abstain From Acknowledging\u0027 Gay Pride Events ... in brief | comments TV Network For Gays To Debut ... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette \u0027Lord Of The Rings\u0027 Director Claims Underpaid By $100M… in brief | comments Common Anxiety Drugs Not Covered Under White House Drug Plan… in brief | comments Oil Nears Record $61 Mark After Iran Vote in brief | comments Ranks Of Paparazzi Swell In Search Of \u0027Money Shot\u0027... in brief | comments Tony Blair\u0027s Son To Work For Republican Congressman ... in brief | comments Princess Diana Called JFK Jr. ‘An Amazing Lover’… in brief | comments Even Celebrity Cell Phones Confiscated At \u0027War Of The World\u0027s Premiere\u0027 ... in brief | comments Global Warming To Hit Africa Hardest... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050628010908,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
