{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Pat Sullivan08.02.2005 Arianna HuffingtonMickey and Judy: I liked this pairing better when it was Rooney and Garland… Mickey Kaus must be spending time in Washington with some of Karl Rove’s friends. They are apparently getting nervous since, as The Note makes clear this morning, Fitzgerald may be closing in on Rove. So the Roveians have begun grasping at wish-fulfillment straws, such as the idea that what Kaus calls the Judy Theory in some way -- any way! -- exonerates Rove. I actually don’t know of anyone -- certainly not me -- who is suggesting that Judy Miller was the ONLY source of the Plame-is-CIA info. Indeed, I have repeatedly said just the opposite -- that Miller was only one of the many people who wanted to discredit Wilson so as to discredit his story discrediting the administration’s Saddam-is-building-nukes claims. What makes the Miller angle unique and compelling is that she was, for heaven’s sake, theoretically an objective member of the media and not some White House hack with a partisan agenda. Theoretically. Plus, none of the other likely sources had a front-page byline on the paper of record or have undergone an Extreme Reputation Makeover (\"Tonight at 10, see our Extreme Makeover team turn a discredited WMD hyper into a dazzling champion of the First Amendment!\")Read More Here. Read Update Here.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Harry ShearerA friend who is an editor at a major national newspaper wonders why, in all the ink that\u0027s been spilled on the Plame-Rove-Novak story, there\u0027s so little consideration of the Big Picture: that this dispute is but one skirmish in a much larger conflict between the Administration\u0027s neoconservatives and the CIA. The Agency agreed to take the hit for the \"bad intel\" paving the road to Baghdad, even letting its director walk the plank to a Medal of Freedom, but long-time Agency-watchers always thought it was a little much to expect it not to retaliate in some way. I suggested to my friend that coverage of this story, no less than most others, is dominated by personalities, and, specifically, most political reporters\u0027 fixation with the possibility that the blood in the water could be coming from the biggest shark. But the neocons vs. the CIA is the web within which these personalities are squirming, and as soon as they solve the Natalee Holloway case, we\u0027re sure to hear more about it.permalink | comments08.02.2005 John FundIt\u0027s a safe bet that the kind of story that Washington journalists cover least well is one in which they play a starring role. That helps explain why the reporting in the Valerie Plame scandal has been so myopic and limited, leaving big and obvious holes in the public record. What\u0027s more, the audience is left with the suspicion that many journalists \"reporting\" on the scandal know more of the truth than they\u0027re telling their readers and viewers. Isn\u0027t it about time that the Beltway media turn ever so slightly away from their obsession with Karl Rove and ask a few questions about journalists involved in the Plame story who are not named Robert Novak?read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Margaret NagleOver the weekend John Garang was killed in a helicopter crash over Sudan. For 21 years he was the leader of the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Army, who had fought against the northern oppression that killed 2,000,000 and displaced far more. Three weeks ago, in an extraordinary gesture of unification by the Khartoum government, John Garang was made Vice President of Sudan. For a country so awash in the tears and blood of its children to have this beacon put out so soon is just devastating. This is really a tough one to make sense of. But then so is Sudan.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Kai Bird and Martin J. SherwinOn July 8 delegates from 89 countries agreed to fundamental changes that will substantially strengthen the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material. This is a step in the right direction. Nevertheless, on this, the sixtieth anniversary of Hiroshima, it would be well to recall that both our present nuclear predicament and its solution are embodied in the life of one man, J. Robert Oppenheimer, the physicist who made Hiroshima and Nagasaki possible. On November 16, 1945, a little more than three months after atomic bombs were dropped on Japan, Oppenheimer appeared before the members of the American Philosophical Society to reveal “the fix we are in.” In a remarkably prescient speech he explained why nuclear weapons were a threat to the long-range security of the United States.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Alan DershowitzThe ancient ritual known as “pulsa denura” is designed to bring “lashes of fire” against the hated Sharon. Sharon is hated because he is trying to bring peace to Israel and the Palestinians by withdrawing from disputed land in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. Certain right-wing rabbis consider him a traitor and they want him dead. But they don’t want to do what Yagal Amir did to the late PM Yitzak Rabin – namely, kill him at the hand of a human being. Instead, they are trying to hire a celestial hit man, namely, God. “It’s request we made of the Almighty,” said Dayan. “I believe it will work,” he added. Ok, the challenge is on. Now let’s see whose God is stronger...read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Danielle CrittendenI\u0027ve spent much of the past two weeks riding a bicycle around western Ireland, marveling at the peace and prosperity that has settled over the long-cursed land. The biggest puzzle for me, however, were the fields of sheep spray-painted in day-glo colors. The sheep, that is, not the fields. They came in many colors: orange, red, green, yellow. I\u0027d be whizzing along in third gear, and grazing nonchalantly by the roadside would be clusters of sheep as gaily spray-painted as New York subway cars in the pre-Giuliani days. Was this some strange EU regulation? A color code to which the sheep had to conform? My favorite was an entire herd spray-painted blue like Mel Gibson\u0027s face in \"Braveheart.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Donnie FowlerWhen RNC Chairman Ken Mehlman recently admitted and apologized for \"past\" Republican strategies that played on race, a casual observer might have thought that was the end of it. Maybe the White House missed the memo, because George Bush has seen fit to reward one who has contributed to the effectiveness of those tactics -- Supreme Court nominee John Roberts. Will the newly contrite Republicans back away from Roberts\u0027 Rules of Race?read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Jane WellsJohn Garang, selected as Vice President of the newly appointed Sudanese government only three weeks ago, was killed yesterday in a helicopter crash. His death is an untimely threat to peace in Sudan, and we should all take note. Some of the 2.5 million refugees from the civil war who live in atrocious conditions in camps around Khartoum rioted today and I am not surprised they did – I have seen how they live, talked to them and know their fears...read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Dal LaMagnaI pull my hair, wondering how we fix this mess and get out. And in the short term, there’s an answer: listen to Stuart Bowen, a presidential appointee filling the role of special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction who has testified before Congress about mismanagement of some of the $18.4 billion Iraq Relief and Reconstruction Fund (IRRF) along with some contractual mishaps. In essence he says that accountability for and transparency of the money being spent is especially important in times of crisis and havoc. And his latest report brings home the fact that “the IRRF cannot meet all of Iraq’s reconstruction and development needs... in the end, only the government of Iraq can initiate comprehensive policy reforms and a development program.”read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Bill DiamondSir Sean Connery was quoted as telling the New Zealand Herald that he’s “fed up with the idiots” and said there was an “ever-widening gap between people who know how to make movies and the people who green-light the movies.” “We may be idiots,” a spokesman for the group told a reporter, “and we may live in Hollywood, so I guess on some level that makes us quote-unquote Hollywood idiots. But for Mr. Connery to blame us for bombs like “Stealth” or “Chronicles of Riddick” is simply recreational.” The spokesperson, who couldn’t remember his name, his age or what his group was called, then asked a reporter if he had used the word “recreational” correctly. He was informed that he had not.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonAs a resident of the Watts curfew area that fateful summer, I remember not only the fires and the gunfire, but also the blind rage and desperation that drove the rioters as they pillaged stores and shouted, \"burn baby burn\" (taken from a slogan made popular by a local black DJ). Many considered this a payback for the century of racism and violence against blacks. When Dr. Martin Luther King visited Watts in an effort to stop the violence, young toughs shouted him down. The orgy of violence and destruction marked the end of an era for the non-violent civil rights struggle...read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Bill ScherThe first blow to reproductive freedom if John Roberts is confirmed will be the gutting of “the life and health of the mother” standard for abortion regulations. The 2000 Supreme Court ruling in Stenberg v. Carhart -- a 5-4 decision with Sandra Day O’Connor in the majority -- is known for striking down a Nebraska ban on what anti-abortion groups inaccurately call partial-birth abortion. But the Court was not expressing support for a particular abortion procedure. It was applying a key principle of Roe v. Wade: you can ban abortion after the fetus is viable, \"except where it is necessary, in appropriate medical judgment, for the preservation of the life or health of the mother.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Michelle PileckiGood, solid reporting is hardly confined to the coastal media centers -- unless you want to count the Lake Erie coast. The Toledo Blade, the paper that dug up Coingate, an Ohio scandal with national implications (and still developing), has published an even more painful expose. The clergy sex-abuse scandal that has rended the Roman Catholic Church has been, at least in this northwestern Ohio diocese, abetted by civil authorities for some 50 years. It\u0027s a gut-wrenching story of boys being abused and honest cops being forced to look the other way. Gene Fodor, one of four former police officers quoted, recalls: \"People would come up to me and say, \u0027When are you going to arrest that [priest]? He\u0027s a pervert.\u0027 But I couldn\u0027t.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Ari MelberRichard Posner is the only federal judge I can think of with a major blog. Besides his day job over at the Seventh Circuit, he writes all the time - articles, op-eds, book reviews and books of his own. Since last December, he’s been writing a regular blog with economist Gary Becker. So Posner\u0027s unique background makes his views on blogs, politics and the media particularly significant, and he shares his take in Sunday’s New York Times. He reviews eight books of media criticism, from Eric \"Liberal Media\" Alterman to Bernard \"CBS Insider\" Goldberg, and he finds the mainstream media is disrespected, embattled and rattled.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 James MooreOkay. I couldn\u0027t stand it any longer. When I saw the quote today from a New York Times spokesperson about Judy Miller, I blew coffee through my nose. \"Judy is an intrepid, principled, and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who has provided our readers with thorough and comprehensive reporting throughout her career.\" I don\u0027t care how many awards Judy Miller has, she is a miserable failure who has irreperably harmed her country with bad journalism and by allowing her own personal beliefs to infect her reportage. Here is but one example...read whole post | permalink | commentsMinistry of Transport for Ontario handoutFrom CNN/NASAReuters/Ceerwan AzizFrom infomap.service-public.orgFrom baptiststandard.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/John D McHughAP/Richard DrewFrom usatoday.comFrom www.mugshots.net","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"NRA Boycotts ConocoPhillips, Demands Guns Be Allowed In Company’s Parking Lots…Kaus Misses the Mark on the Miller StoryThe Big PictureJournalistic Curiosity Is in Short Supply in the Plame ScandalThe Death Of John GarangA Safe Nuclear Future?A Model for Ending TerrorismBack from Holidaying with Day-Glo SheepRobert\u0027s Rules \u0026 Mehlman\u0027s Admission of Racial GuiltJohn Garang Is Dead and We Should All Be ConcernedOne Million ReasonsHollywood Idiots Blast BackWatts--Forty Years After The Flames/Pt.1John Roberts Threatens \"The Life And Health Of The Mother\"Cutting-Edge JournalismThe Market Is the MessageThat Awful Power: How Judy Miller Screwed Us All","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Bush On Intelligent Design: “Teach It In Schools”...Bush On Rove: He Has My “Complete Confidence”...Bush On Palmeiro: “I Believe Him”...Air France Jet Bursts Into Flames With Over 300 Passengers On Board...NASA Says Shuttle Repair Is Very Delicate Procedure...U.S.-Led Troops In Iraq “Part Of The Problem” Says U.K\u0027s Foreign Secretary...Steroid Ring Involving American Soldiers In Iraq Busted...Seven Marines Killed In Iraq...Without Bolton, US Agenda For UN Reform On “Way To Completion”...Government Pork: $3M For Dust Control, $2.3M For Landscaping...Report: Global Warming Intensifies Hurricanes, Storms...Terrorism Scare On London Bus...Top Calif. Court Says Firms Must Treat Same-Sex Partners Like Married Couples...Review Contradicts Admin. Statements: Iran A Decade From Nuclear Bomb...Military Link To Peace Corps Could Put “Safety Of ... Volunteers At Risk”...Hackers Work With Feds To Make Internet Safer...Smoking, Pot-Bellies Linked...Public Schools Using “An Aggressively Marketed, Blatantly Sectarian Bible Curriculum”…Former CIA Officer Says Agency Knew Iraq Weapons Program Was Non-Existent...Roberts’ Support Of Biased Policies Unearthed…Blair “Plans To Stand Down As MP\" After Next Election, ”Clean Break” With Politics...Katie Couric\u0027s Future At Today Undecided...Brad Lacks A “Sensitivity Chip“...”Am I Lonely? Yes. Am I Upset? Yes.”...Russia Blacklists ABC After Chechen Rebel Interview...Online Gym Classes To Begin At Public Schools...Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Kids Battle For $6.1 Billion Trust Fund...“Political Environment In The U.S.” Ends China\u0027s CNOOC\u0027s $18.5B Bid For Unocal...Bribes, Money-Laundering, Paid-For Sex... Scandals Rock Biggest German Brands...Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: Judy Didn’t Play By The Same Rules As Other Reporters…Study: Women Think Beauty Is Key To Sucess...Secret Mick Jagger File Opened... Represented “Dregs Of Society”Headache Sufferers Insist On Using Magic Mushrooms...Book: Hendrix Used Gay Ruse to Avoid \u0027Nam...“King Of Talk” Losing Ratings Battle To Protégé Nancy Grace...How The Japanese Gain “Brain Edge”…Iraqis Say New Constitution To Be Ready On Time...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 3 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 3 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP32004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Ministry of Transport for Ontario handout Air France Jet Bursts Into Flames With Over 300 Passengers On Board... in brief | comments From CNN/NASA NASA Says Shuttle Repair Is Very Delicate Procedure... in brief | comments U.S.-Led Troops In Iraq “Part Of The Problem” Says U.K\u0027s Foreign Secretary... in brief | comments Steroid Ring Involving American Soldiers In Iraq Busted... in brief | comments Reuters/Ceerwan Aziz Seven Marines Killed In Iraq... in brief | comments Without Bolton, US Agenda For UN Reform On “Way To Completion”... in brief | comments Government Pork: $3M For Dust Control, $2.3M For Landscaping... in brief | comments Report: Global Warming Intensifies Hurricanes, Storms... in brief | comments Terrorism Scare On London Bus... in brief | comments Top Calif. Court Says Firms Must Treat Same-Sex Partners Like Married Couples... in brief | comments Review Contradicts Admin. Statements: Iran A Decade From Nuclear Bomb... in brief | comments Military Link To Peace Corps Could Put “Safety Of ... Volunteers At Risk”... in brief | comments From infomap.service-public.org Hackers Work With Feds To Make Internet Safer... in brief | comments Smoking, Pot-Bellies Linked... in brief | comments From baptiststandard.com Public Schools Using “An Aggressively Marketed, Blatantly Sectarian Bible Curriculum”… comments Former CIA Officer Says Agency Knew Iraq Weapons Program Was Non-Existent... in brief | comments Roberts’ Support Of Biased Policies Unearthed… comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/John D McHugh Blair “Plans To Stand Down As MP\" After Next Election, ”Clean Break” With Politics... in brief | comments AP/Richard Drew Katie Couric\u0027s Future At Today Undecided... in brief | comments From usatoday.com Brad Lacks A “Sensitivity Chip“...”Am I Lonely? Yes. Am I Upset? Yes.”... in brief | comments Russia Blacklists ABC After Chechen Rebel Interview... in brief | comments Online Gym Classes To Begin At Public Schools... in brief | comments Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Kids Battle For $6.1 Billion Trust Fund... in brief | comments “Political Environment In The U.S.” Ends China\u0027s CNOOC\u0027s $18.5B Bid For Unocal... in brief | comments Bribes, Money-Laundering, Paid-For Sex... Scandals Rock Biggest German Brands... in brief | comments Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: Judy Didn’t Play By The Same Rules As Other Reporters… in brief | comments Study: Women Think Beauty Is Key To Sucess... in brief | comments From www.mugshots.net Secret Mick Jagger File Opened... Represented “Dregs Of Society” in brief | comments Headache Sufferers Insist On Using Magic Mushrooms... in brief | comments Book: Hendrix Used Gay Ruse to Avoid \u0027Nam... in brief | comments “King Of Talk” Losing Ratings Battle To Protégé Nancy Grace... in brief | comments How The Japanese Gain “Brain Edge”… comments Iraqis Say New Constitution To Be Ready On Time... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":6,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
