{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.03.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThere\u0027s an old saying that when the facts are against you, argue the law. But the Bushies have gone one better: when the facts are against them, they argue the very existence of facts. As pretty much every fact has turned against the administration in Iraq, the fallback position has increasingly become: well, who can really know anything? Everything is so complex. You\u0027ve got Sunnis, you\u0027ve got Shiites, you\u0027ve got Kurds...the truth is...well, the truth is that we can\u0027t know the truth...so how can we be held accountable when nothing is really knowable?The funny thing is that the very people who claim to be moral absolutists from the heartland turn out to be arguing a variation of postmodernism -- an Eastern elitist linguistic theory laden with moral relativism. Here is a classic Rummy postmodern response, after he was asked if he’d misjudged the cost of the war: “I never estimated the cost of the war. And how can one estimate the cost in lives or the cost in money? I\u0027ve avoided it consistently. And how can that be a misestimate? We\u0027ve said that there are always going to be unknowns, that the battle was going to change, depending on what the enemy does and how they adjust and how we adjust...”read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 David SirotaWashington Post reporter Dan Balz is one of the most intellectually impaired reporters working today. Balz has made a career parroting whatever Beltway conventional wisdom is out there, regardless of how polls show it is totally disconnected from reality. He regularly writes declarative statements that have literally no connection to anything other than what he and his insulated cocktail party friends have decided in a vacuum America believes. Balz today writes that Hillary Clinton\u0027s \"support for the invasion of Iraq when many rank-and-file Democrats opposed it show[s] her determination to overcome the party\u0027s historic weakness on national security.\" He just reports it as a fact, because he and his arrogant Beltway cabal decided it was fact.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Paul FeigWith the news that the NRA is urging its members to boycott Conoco because of its refusal to let employees keep guns in their cars in the company parking lot, several other groups have launched boycotts of their own: The Match Association is boycotting Unocal because of its \"unjust policy of not letting people light matches when they\u0027re filling up their cars with gasoline\" and the American Academy of Pediatrics is boycotting the Department of Transportation for \"not allowing babies to drive.\" Best of luck with your boycott, Wayne LaPierre! The workplace managers of the world salute you!read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Hooman MajdTehran, August 2nd-3rd. Tuesday was the last day of the eight year presidency of Hojatoleslam Seyed Mohammad Khatami, and he’s going out with a bang. Three bangs, actually: a bomb set off at the offices of British Airways and BP, and two bullets in the head of a prominent judge (who presided over the trial of dissident Akbar Ganji): he was shot by a motorcyclist as he left the Islamic Guidance judiciary building. This in the middle of what could be the biggest crisis in Iranian relations with the West since the hostage crisis of 1979, namely, the impending collapse of negotiations with the EU over Iran’s nuclear program.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Deanne StillmanWhile Laura Bush was getting laughs awhile ago for making a joke about her hubby jerking off horses instead of milking cows, something more sinister was happening. George Bush was actually destroying horses - and has been, all summer, even as he vacations cowboy-style at his spread in Crawford, Texas. I refer specifically to wild horses, which the Interior Department under Bush appointee Gale Norton has been rounding up by the thousands in order to funnel into its malfunctioning adopt-a-horse program, which now serves as an official way-station to the slaughterhouse.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Paul KrassnerAt Wordstock, the first annual Portland Book Festival, I was invited to open for Norman Mailer and then introduce him... \"One aspect of Norman Mailer’s craft is that he chooses his words very carefully. Or, as he would say, ‘One chooses one’s words very carefully.’ The thing that I recall, the words that he chose most carefully, of all the books he’s written, was something that he said when I asked him how he felt about circumcision. He thought for a moment, then he chose his words carefully and, with a twinkle in his eye--one of his main characteristics--he said, ‘Well, I believe that if Jews didn’t have circumcision, they would break their babies’ noses....’”read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Dan CarolThe current conflict with the liberal blogosphere didn’t start in Ohio when you spoke to the DLC last week, it just re-fueled it. I want you to understand at the deepest level that you won’t get out of this pickle by continually trying to re-position yourself along the traditional left-right political axis. The new strategic axis to think about is Change v Status Quo.... Now for the tough love part of this rant. I want you to know that I think that both you and your husband are the most selfish politicians I have ever seen...read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Katrina vanden HeuvelDays after Bill Frist, the White House\u0027s choice for Senate majority leader, turned his back on religious conservatives to support federal funding for stem cell research, President Bush threw his evangelical base a bone. He came out in support of public school science classes giving equal standing to \"intelligent design.\" Was this sequence of events random? Or the design of a higher intelligence, say The Boy Genius, perhaps? Unless special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald investigates, we\u0027ll never know. But what we do know is that when it comes to intelligence and the designing of it, the Bush administration is not to be trusted...read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Sam HarrisPresident Bush has now endorsed the pseudo-scientific notion of \"intelligent design\" (ID) and declared it to be a legitimate alternative to the theory of evolution. It is time that scientists and other public intellectuals observed that the contest between faith and reason is zero-sum. Imagine President Bush addressing the National Prayer Breakfast in these terms: \"Behind all of life and all history there is a dedication and a purpose, set by the hand of a just and faithful Zeus.\" Our president regularly speaks in phrases appropriate to the fourteenth century, and no one seems inclined to find out what words like \"God\" and \"crusade\" and \"wonder-working power\" mean to him.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Daniel ForbesA second tier neo-con fond of calling at various times for invading Syria and Iraq, Daniel Pipes has a flair for inflammatory rhetoric (\"West European societies are unprepared for the massive immigration of brown-skinned peoples cooking strange foods and not exactly maintaining Germanic standards of hygiene\"). Back in 2003, as Judith Miller was conjuring WMD wraiths on page one, she was listed among Pipes\u0027 organization\u0027s experts. Asked whether this was appropriate for a Times\u0027 reporter, Pipes said, \"If I didn\u0027t think it appropriate, why would she be on our website?\" He added, \"I don\u0027t know what you\u0027re talking about\"...read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Michelle PileckiUighur is an autonomous region in northern China with names that defy spellchecking and whose people are largely Muslim. There might not be a more pro-US Muslim group in the world. In the tangled legal-military web we call Gitmo, the tale of the men from Uighur has remained largely untold. It\u0027s a classic American story with a postmodern twist: persecuted minority members flee from tyranny, searching for a better life for their loved ones -- then get scooped up in the \"war on terror\" (hey, a $5,000 bounty for each) and sit in a Guantanamo prison for three years with no access to their families, a lawyer or even the charges against them.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Cenk UygurI have to be honest, I hate those bumper stickers that have a picture of Bush and say, “He’s Not My President.” You might not have voted for him, and you might not even believe his election was legitimate, but he is your president. This same logic does not apply to the US Ambassador to the United Nations. No matter how you feel about John Bolton, one fact is inescapable – he has not been confirmed. So, every time he is mentioned in a report, editorial or article, to be fair and accurate, the writer should always refer to him as “the unconfirmed ambassador to the UN.” Anything less would be unfair to the American population who did not consent for this man to be our ambassador to the world.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Harry ShearerA friend who is an editor at a major national newspaper wonders why, in all the ink that\u0027s been spilled on the Plame-Rove-Novak story, there\u0027s so little consideration of the Big Picture: that this dispute is but one skirmish in a much larger conflict between the Administration\u0027s neoconservatives and the CIA. The Agency agreed to take the hit for the \"bad intel\" paving the road to Baghdad, even letting its director walk the plank to a Medal of Freedom, but long-time Agency-watchers always thought it was a little much to expect it not to retaliate in some way. I suggested to my friend that coverage of this story, no less than most others, is dominated by personalities, and, specifically, most political reporters\u0027 fixation with the possibility that the blood in the water could be coming from the biggest shark. But the neocons vs. the CIA is the web within which these personalities are squirming, and as soon as they solve the Natalee Holloway case, we\u0027re sure to hear more about it.permalink | comments08.02.2005 John FundIt\u0027s a safe bet that the kind of story that Washington journalists cover least well is one in which they play a starring role. That helps explain why the reporting in the Valerie Plame scandal has been so myopic and limited, leaving big and obvious holes in the public record. What\u0027s more, the audience is left with the suspicion that many journalists \"reporting\" on the scandal know more of the truth than they\u0027re telling their readers and viewers. Isn\u0027t it about time that the Beltway media turn ever so slightly away from their obsession with Karl Rove and ask a few questions about journalists involved in the Plame story who are not named Robert Novak?read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Margaret NagleOver the weekend John Garang was killed in a helicopter crash over Sudan. For 21 years he was the leader of the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Army, who had fought against the northern oppression that killed 2,000,000 and displaced far more. Three weeks ago, in an extraordinary gesture of unification by the Khartoum government, John Garang was made Vice President of Sudan. For a country so awash in the tears and blood of its children to have this beacon put out so soon is just devastating. This is really a tough one to make sense of. But then so is Sudan.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Kai Bird and Martin J. SherwinOn July 8 delegates from 89 countries agreed to fundamental changes that will substantially strengthen the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material. This is a step in the right direction. Nevertheless, on this, the sixtieth anniversary of Hiroshima, it would be well to recall that both our present nuclear predicament and its solution are embodied in the life of one man, J. Robert Oppenheimer, the physicist who made Hiroshima and Nagasaki possible. On November 16, 1945, a little more than three months after atomic bombs were dropped on Japan, Oppenheimer appeared before the members of the American Philosophical Society to reveal “the fix we are in.” In a remarkably prescient speech he explained why nuclear weapons were a threat to the long-range security of the United States.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Jacob SilberbergAP/Stuart RamsonFrom cnn.comAP/NASA TVFrom www.editorandpublisher.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From www.ok-magazine.com/AP/Laurent ReboursFrom images.picturequest.comFrom thezreview.co.ukFrom www.news.com.au","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"The New Know-NothingsHow Beltway-itis Rots Reporters Brains \u0026 Distorts America\u0027s Political DebateIt\u0027s \"Take Your Gun To Work\" Week! EVERY week!Don\u0027t Cry For Me, IranWild Horses Survived World War I, But They May Not Get Past BushcoDueling MemoriesDear Hillary ClintonLeave No God BehindThe Politics of IgnoranceJudy Miller\u0027s Partisan BaggageAn Injustice No Matter How You Say ItThe Unconfirmed Ambassador to the UNThe Big PictureJournalistic Curiosity Is in Short Supply in the Plame ScandalThe Death Of John GarangA Safe Nuclear Future?","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"20 Marines Killed In 2 Days In Iraq...“Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.”Rove\u0027s Two Aides Testify To Grand Jury About CIA Leak...3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War....Astronaut May Face Another Shuttle Repair...First Suspect In July 21 London Bombings Charged...Time Warner Settles Class Action Lawsuit...Snuppy, First Cloned Dog...Born-Again Commander At Air Force Academy Not Promoted After Proselytizing...Society Of Journalists Reverses Decision To Honor NYT’s Judy Miller…Journalist Murdered In Iraq After Writing Opinion Article In NY Times...Radical Right Sen. Rick Santorum Trailing In Polls...The Radical Right\u0027s “Justice Sunday II: God Save the U.S.”...NRA Boycotts ConocoPhillips, Demands Guns Be Allowed In Company’s Parking Lots…U.S. Death Toll In Iraq Passes 1,800...U.S. Recruited Iraqis For “Sowing Confusion” And “The Dirty Work” Before War...Bush On Palmeiro: “I Believe Him”...Bush On Rove: He Has My “Complete Confidence”...Bush On Intelligent Design: “Teach It In Schools”...OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews...Hefner Exposes Life As Premiere Octogenarian Playboy For Reality TV...“Why Do Men Have Nipples?”... Find Out Here...Theives Fall For Hotel Ploy, Steal Fakes Of Famous Paintings...Sony Owes You $5 For Seeing This Movie…Study: Drinkers Better Thinkers, Physically Healthier Too...Murdoch Takes Over Son\u0027s Old Job At Money Hemorrhaging NY Post...MySpace.com Members Fear Murdoch\u0027s Intentions For Their Site...Fat People To Benefit From “Subtle Brainwashing”…Bush Nearing Record For Most Vacation Time...Bush Admin. Broke Environmental Laws, Caved To Logging Interests...Ford Cuts Deal With Eminen Citing “Over The Top” Song...Adidas Buys Reebok For $3.8B, To Challenge Nike On Home Turf...Russia Blacklists ABC After Chechen Rebel Interview...Blair “Plans To Stand Down As MP\" After Next Election, ”Clean Break” With Politics...Katie Couric\u0027s Future At Today Undecided...","h5":"Click Here To See One Of Murdoch’s “Profiles” On Myspace.com…","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 4 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 4 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP42004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP/Jacob Silberberg 20 Marines Killed In 2 Days In Iraq... in brief | comments “Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.” AP/Stuart Ramson in brief | comments From cnn.com Rove\u0027s Two Aides Testify To Grand Jury About CIA Leak... in brief | comments 3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War.... in brief | comments AP/NASA TV Astronaut May Face Another Shuttle Repair... in brief | comments First Suspect In July 21 London Bombings Charged... in brief | comments Time Warner Settles Class Action Lawsuit... in brief | comments Snuppy, First Cloned Dog... in brief | comments Born-Again Commander At Air Force Academy Not Promoted After Proselytizing... in brief | comments From www.editorandpublisher.com Society Of Journalists Reverses Decision To Honor NYT’s Judy Miller… in brief | comments Journalist Murdered In Iraq After Writing Opinion Article In NY Times... in brief | comments Radical Right Sen. Rick Santorum Trailing In Polls... in brief | comments The Radical Right\u0027s “Justice Sunday II: God Save the U.S.”... in brief | comments NRA Boycotts ConocoPhillips, Demands Guns Be Allowed In Company’s Parking Lots… in brief | comments U.S. Death Toll In Iraq Passes 1,800... comments U.S. Recruited Iraqis For “Sowing Confusion” And “The Dirty Work” Before War... in brief | comments Bush On Palmeiro: “I Believe Him”... comments Bush On Rove: He Has My “Complete Confidence”... comments Bush On Intelligent Design: “Teach It In Schools”... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From www.ok-magazine.com/ OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews... in brief | comments AP/Laurent Rebours Hefner Exposes Life As Premiere Octogenarian Playboy For Reality TV... in brief | comments From images.picturequest.com “Why Do Men Have Nipples?”... Find Out Here... in brief | comments Theives Fall For Hotel Ploy, Steal Fakes Of Famous Paintings... in brief | comments From thezreview.co.uk Sony Owes You $5 For Seeing This Movie… in brief | comments From www.news.com.au Study: Drinkers Better Thinkers, Physically Healthier Too... in brief | comments Murdoch Takes Over Son\u0027s Old Job At Money Hemorrhaging NY Post... in brief | comments MySpace.com Members Fear Murdoch\u0027s Intentions For Their Site... in brief | comments Click Here To See One Of Murdoch’s “Profiles” On Myspace.com… in brief | comments Fat People To Benefit From “Subtle Brainwashing”… in brief | comments Bush Nearing Record For Most Vacation Time... in brief | comments Bush Admin. Broke Environmental Laws, Caved To Logging Interests... in brief | comments Ford Cuts Deal With Eminen Citing “Over The Top” Song... in brief | comments Adidas Buys Reebok For $3.8B, To Challenge Nike On Home Turf... in brief | comments Russia Blacklists ABC After Chechen Rebel Interview... in brief | comments Blair “Plans To Stand Down As MP\" After Next Election, ”Clean Break” With Politics... in brief | comments Katie Couric\u0027s Future At Today Undecided... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050804014432,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
