{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Dennis Cook07.28.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe more I’m reading about Judy Miller and her actions leading up to and during the early days of the war, and then through the unfolding Plame-Rove-Libby-Gonzalez-Card scandal, the more I’m struck by the special access and relationships she enjoyed with many of the key players in the Iraq debacle (which, at the end of the day, is really what Plamegate is all about). For starters, of course, we have her still unfolding involvement in the Plame leak. Then there is her highly unusual involvement as an embedded reporter during the war with the Pentagon’s Mobile Exploitation Team (MET) Alpha -- the unit charged with hunting down Saddam’s WMD. An assignment so sensitive that Don Rumsfeld himself signed off on it. Once embedded, Miller acted as much more than a reporter. Howard Kurtz quotes one military officer as complaining of Miller “almost hijacking the mission.” And if she didn’t get her way, according to another Army officer, “Judith was always issuing threats of either going to the New York Times or to the secretary of defense.” Once she went as far as using her friendship with a high-ranking officer to force a lower ranking one to reverse an order she was unhappy about. (Can we stop for a moment and take the full measure of how unbelievable this whole thing is?)read whole post | permalink | comments07.29.2005 Kevin BleyerLately one of my favorite things to do is compare what Yahoo (accurately) tells us are the top news stories of the day...with what Yahoo informs us are the \"most popular\" news stories of the day. To wit, two minutes ago: Top stories: CONGRESS PASSES FAR-REACHING ENERGY BILL; FRIST BREAKS WITH BUSH ON STEM-CELL BILL; NASA: ANOTHER SHUTTLE COULD LAUNCH SOON Most popular: BLIND TEEN AMAZES WITH VIDEO-GAME SKILLS; 31 DIE IN CHINA FROM PIG-BORNE DISEASE; FOUL-MOUTHED BRITISH PARROT BANISHED BY EMBARRASSED KEEPERS. Who says we don\u0027t have an appetite for hard news? ...certainly not the f-ing parrot.read whole post | permalink | comments07.29.2005 Harry ShearerOkay, let\u0027s play. In this week, when the recent news cliche \"fast-moving investigation\" has gotten new legs in London, the fantasy assignment desk assigns this story: how about a followup on the slow-moving investigation into the anthrax attacks in Washington and New York almost four years ago?permalink | comments07.28.2005 Laurie DavidA recent study published in the journal Nature clearly stated that severe heat waves are now four times as likely to occur because of increased carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere. This summer\u0027s miserable heat and extreme weather are going to be the norm. The death count from the heat is mounting... and it\u0027s only July. Those dying are not just homeless people, but people of all ages and income levels, including a 29-year-old hiker in Kentucky, a 40-year-old woman in Ohio, children in Oklahoma and a very healthy marathon runner in Europe. Let\u0027s wake up, America... we need some good old moral outrage!read whole post | permalink | comments07.29.2005 Cenk UygurPlaying the role of Steven Seagal, Tom Cruise and Jesse Ventura combined, George W. Bush barricades himself in the Oval Office fending off the generals. Major General Romig, “Sir, this is against all military protocol.” Bush, “That’s right, I’m dangerous.” Brigadier General Sandkuhler, “This endangers our troops.” George Bush, “I ain’t got time to bleed.” General Sandkuhler, “Sir, it wouldn’t be you who was bleeding. It would be our men and women in the field.” Bush, “Well, they can take my promises to the bank, the blood bank!” Except this isn’t some cheesy 1990’s Seagal movie. It’s real life. These are the concerns that real generals and admirals from our Armed Forces shared with the President before he decided to go outside of international, domestic and military law to authorize torture...read whole post | permalink | comments07.29.2005 Dal LaMagnaIn yesterday’s blog, I quoted a bunch of numbers associated with the Iraqi economy and job situation, making the point that much of the reconstruction efforts are being led by American corporations who hire more non-Iraqis than Iraqis. I was taken to task by a reader for providing only half of the story and he offered additional sources pointing to different sets of statistics – many from the U.S. State Department – that point to positive developments in the job arena. Who is to be believed? Depends on one’s point of view. My sources were accurate; I presume his were as well. But perhaps his did not go far enough. Let’s look at a few of them...read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Timothy NaftaliIn congressional testimony on Thursday, the Nation\u0027s number two intelligence chief, General Michael V. Hayden, provided so many fanciful explanations for the failures of the US intelligence community before and during the period he was director of the National Security Agency that one has to wonder about the quality of the new office of the Director of National Intelligence. Although Ambassador John Negroponte\u0027s efforts to gain control over the Pentagon intelligence budget and to force needed changes on the FBI are sensible, the history lesson Hayden offered a compliant Congress suggests either incompetence or duplicity, neither of which is helpful in our struggle against Jihadism...read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 David SirotaThe fact is, economic populism is neither left nor right -- it is, in fact, what centrism REALLY is in America, if centrism means being in the mainstream of American public opinion. That populist center -- not some co-option of corporate conservatism -- is what allows politicians who employ it to bridge the manufactured partisan divide and win elections. In fact, doing the opposite and trying to out-Republican Republicans not only undermines the Democratic Party, but has proven to be a surefire way to lose elections.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Bill DiamondIt was reported this week that journalist Robert Novak is offering 85 lucky individuals the opportunity to join him for the Evans-Novak Political Forum. Mr. Novak has graciously and ever-so-thoughtfully scheduled this for the same day in September as my much anticipated event. I realize that I can’t begin to compete with the juggernaut that is the Evans-Novak Political Forum. Hell, I’m not even on the same playing field. After all, no article I’ve written has ever, oh I don’t know, OUTED AN UNDERCOVER CIA AGENT!!read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Deepak ChopraDeath can be viewed as a total illusion because you are dead already. When you think of who you are in terms of I, me, and mine, you are referring to your past, a time that is dead and gone. Its memories are relics of time passed by. The ego keeps itself intact by repeating what it already knows. Yet life is actually unknown, as it has to be if you are ever to conceive of new thoughts, desires, and experiences. By choosing to repeat the past, you are keeping life from renewing itself. Why wait? You can be as alive as you want to be through a process known as surrender. This is the next step in conquering death.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Paul LoebHow has a seemingly nice man like Roberts supported a politics of contempt for the voice of anyone but the wealthy and powerful? In a time when the Bush administration acts as if granted the divine right of kings, it’s troubling that Roberts defended Cheney’s right to refuse to name the corporate participants in his secret energy policy meeting. Then there’s Roe vs Wade. Roberts has already argued that \"Roe was wrongly decided and should be overruled.\" In the words of Tony Perkins of the ultra-conservative Family Research Council, Bush \"promised to nominate someone along the lines of a Scalia or a Thomas and that is exactly what he has done.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Stephen BurtThe most exciting -- and to me, heartening -- political news of the moment isn\u0027t in Washington, D.C., New York, or Iraq: it\u0027s in Ohio\u0027s Second Congressional District, outside Cincinnati along the Ohio River, where Democrat and Iraq war veteran Paul Hackett faces Republican hack Jean Schmidt in a special election this Tuesday, August 2. When Hackett got into the race, he had nothing going for him except his war record, his determination, and a few bloggers. Now Hackett has pulled within five percentage points. Local papers with Republican histories have endorsed Hackett. Scandal surrounds Schmidt\u0027s campaign manager; she\u0027s bringing in the big elephant guns, and blasting Swift Boat-style negative ads...read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Paul KrassnerAn article in the Los Angeles Times about Supreme Court nominee John Roberts states that his wife “has been active in the anti-abortion movement, a fact that some on both sides of the issue take to mean that John Roberts also opposes abortion.” Well, triple duh! When Roberts was Deputy Solicitor General under the first President Bush, he argued before the Supreme Court that Roe vs. Wade should be overturned. The prospect of this medical procedure actually becoming illegal again dismays me, particularly because of what I learned during my experience as an underground abortion referral service all through the ’60s.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Doug HellerWhen Rep. Chris Cox testified before the Senate Banking Committee about his nomination to head the SEC on Tuesday, he seems to have scooted over the honesty line. In response to questions about his past involvement in the First Pension investment scam that took unsuspecting small investors for $130 million and subsequent lawsuits, Cox said: \"I did preliminary work on a small SEC-registered public offering...[and] I had the entirety of the complaint dismissed against me, and there was no settlement of the matter either. I prevailed on the claim in the court.\" This statement was made under oath and was false in two respects and misleading in its entirety.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Richard BradleyPolice explained that they shot Jean Charles de Menezes, an innocent man, five times in the head because he was wearing a \"bulky jacket\" and had jumped the turnstile. \"I\u0027d like to see a photo of that bulky jacket,\" I wrote a few days ago. Now, of course, it turns out that Menezes neither jumped the turnstile nor was wearing a bulky jacket, unless you consider a jean jacket particularly cumbersome. Somehow I have the feeling that the more we learn about this incident, the more it\u0027s going to look like a collection of small [but significant] police mistakes, lack of training, and heightened anxiety. In other words, unjustifiable.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Eric BoehlertIs Newsweek going to have to run a second correction next week in the wake of its reverential profile of Supreme Court nominee John Roberts, the one currently on newsstands? Not only did Newsweek get spun by the White House which claimed that Roberts never joined the right-wing legal group, the Federalist Society, which turned out to be wrong. But Newsweek also got spun by Roberts\u0027 buddies who insisted the Justice-to-be really didn\u0027t have much to do with the partisan legal wrangling during the 2000 Florida recount, which, if he did, might prove troublesome during his confirmation hearings.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Harry ShearerIt\u0027s not easy putting on a daily news program that\u0027s, according to the promos, \"so fast it\u0027s changing the pace of news.\" Thanks to a source which can only be named when Judy Miller walks free, here\u0027s Tucker Carlson working on the pacing of a promo for The Situation. And it\u0027s hard work.read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Rep. Major R. OwensA few nights ago, I had a dream about the Republicans. I was at a banquet, where they were celebrating the extension of the Voting Rights Act. Needless to say, there were a plethora of African Americans at this event, and as this whole celebration continued, even more Blacks started to magically appear. As our evening came to a regrettable end, “God Bless America” was sung by all and a multitude of benedictions were offered by African-American and Hispanic ministers as the theme banner opened up in large black block type: “REPUBLICAN RULE FOR A THOUSAND YEARS.”...read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom BBC NewsAP/APTNReuters/Thaier Al-SudaniFrom washingtonpost.comFrom ReutersAP/Manuel Balce CenetaHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From www.ijamming.netFrom msnbc.comAP/Matt SaylesFrom latimes.comAP/Adam RountreeFrom bradblog.comFrom realitytvplanet.comFrom cjrdaily.org","h1":"“It Seems Unusual That Mr. Bolton Would Not Remember His Involvement In Such A Serious Matter”…",".title":"","h2":"Judy Miller: How Deep Do Her Connections Run?News You Can PeruseFantasy Assignment DeskOur Sizzling PlanetGeorge W. Bush: Above the LawWhose Statistics Do You Trust? Or, No Fluff HereShifting Blame for the Iraq WMD FiascoElection 2006 \u0026 America\u0027s Populist CenterThe Diamond Political Forum Has Been CancelledThe Absolute Break Between Life and Death Is an IllusionSpeaking Truth to RobertsPaul Hackett\u0027s OhioAnti-Choice DaysDid Bush\u0027s SEC Nominee Perjure Himself at Senate Confirmation Hearing?The Murder of Jean Charles de MenezesNewsweek\u0027s Woes, Cont\u0027dFound Object: Energy, Energy, EnergyMy Nightmare","h3":"1/2 Have Unfavorable View Of Bush, Approval Ratings At Lowest Ever...“All Four” 7/21 London Bombing Suspects Arrested...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Dr. Frist: Owned Lock, Stock And Barrel By The NRA...25 Iraqi Army Recruits Killed By Suicide Bomber...NC Republican Rep. Says “There Is No Way I Could Vote For CAFTA”... Votes For CAFTA...Soldier Gets 15 Months For Objecting Iraq Service...Ocean\u0027s Species Drop 50 Percent In Last 50 Years...Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: Judy Miller\u0027s Involvement In Plamegate….AT\u0026T Glitch Cuts Five States\u0027 Internet Access...Italian Authorities Obtain Warrants For 19 High-Living CIA Agents…Former Agent Sues CIA For Squelching Bin Laden Book…Exec. At 28, Murdoch\u0027s Son Resigns From News Corp. At 33...House Passes Energy Bill Earmarking $9B For Corporate Breaks...Exxon Reaps 32% Earnings Rise From Soaring Oil, Gas Prices...Over 500 Dead In Indian Floods…Dems Say Delay Slipped $1.5B To Drilling Companies...Canada, Denmark Battle On Google For Arctic Island…ABC Ignores U.K. Police Request To Not Report Bomb Images...Santorum Flip-Flops, Now Says Might Run For Prez...House Passes CAFTA Bill By Only Two Votes...ABC Pulls Jessica Simpson Iraq Trip Footage, Star Outraged....BeautifulPeople.net…By Invitation Only…Jon Stewart And Tucker Carlson Go Head-To-Head At 11 pm...Tucker Carlson: “#$\u0026*$%#@”...Fox Renews Simple Life Even Though The Two Are “No Longer Friends”…Nation\u0027s Leading Purveyor Of Celebrity Porn...Willie Nelson And I Would Be A Good Couple...Reporter Asks McClellan: “Was [It] Not A Finger Of Hostility?”...Republican Split Over Stem Cell Research...Coke To Release Soda That Burns Calories…Harvard President Lawrence Summers Chases Off Another Black Academic…Fox Network Appoints Counsel To Investigate Paula’s Past…Fox Uses Football-Like Diagram To Explain War On Terror...Fox\u0027s Shep Smith Says He\u0027s No Right-Winger...“Poached” Microsoft Exec Barred From Working At Google…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 30 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 30 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG302004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Dr. Frist: Owned Lock, Stock And Barrel By The NRA... AP/APTN in brief | comments Reuters/Thaier Al-Sudani 25 Iraqi Army Recruits Killed By Suicide Bomber... in brief | comments NC Republican Rep. Says “There Is No Way I Could Vote For CAFTA”... Votes For CAFTA... in brief | comments Soldier Gets 15 Months For Objecting Iraq Service... in brief | comments From washingtonpost.com Ocean\u0027s Species Drop 50 Percent In Last 50 Years... in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: Judy Miller\u0027s Involvement In Plamegate…. in brief | comments AT\u0026T Glitch Cuts Five States\u0027 Internet Access... in brief | comments Italian Authorities Obtain Warrants For 19 High-Living CIA Agents… in brief | comments Former Agent Sues CIA For Squelching Bin Laden Book… in brief | comments From Reuters Exec. At 28, Murdoch\u0027s Son Resigns From News Corp. At 33... in brief | comments House Passes Energy Bill Earmarking $9B For Corporate Breaks... in brief | comments Exxon Reaps 32% Earnings Rise From Soaring Oil, Gas Prices... in brief | comments Over 500 Dead In Indian Floods… in brief | comments Dems Say Delay Slipped $1.5B To Drilling Companies... AP/Manuel Balce Ceneta in brief | comments Canada, Denmark Battle On Google For Arctic Island… in brief | comments ABC Ignores U.K. Police Request To Not Report Bomb Images... in brief | comments Santorum Flip-Flops, Now Says Might Run For Prez... in brief | comments House Passes CAFTA Bill By Only Two Votes... in brief | comments ABC Pulls Jessica Simpson Iraq Trip Footage, Star Outraged.... comments BeautifulPeople.net…By Invitation Only… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From www.ijamming.net Jon Stewart And Tucker Carlson Go Head-To-Head At 11 pm... in brief | comments From msnbc.com Tucker Carlson: “#$\u0026*$%#@”... in brief | comments AP/Matt Sayles Fox Renews Simple Life Even Though The Two Are “No Longer Friends”… in brief | comments From latimes.com Nation\u0027s Leading Purveyor Of Celebrity Porn... in brief | comments AP/Adam Rountree Willie Nelson And I Would Be A Good Couple... in brief | comments From bradblog.com Reporter Asks McClellan: “Was [It] Not A Finger Of Hostility?”... in brief | comments Republican Split Over Stem Cell Research... in brief | comments Coke To Release Soda That Burns Calories… in brief | comments Harvard President Lawrence Summers Chases Off Another Black Academic… in brief | comments From realitytvplanet.com Fox Network Appoints Counsel To Investigate Paula’s Past… in brief | comments From cjrdaily.org Fox Uses Football-Like Diagram To Explain War On Terror... in brief | comments Fox\u0027s Shep Smith Says He\u0027s No Right-Winger... in brief | comments “Poached” Microsoft Exec Barred From Working At Google… in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":41,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
