{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.05.2005 Arianna HuffingtonSo the 4th of July is over. How did you spend it? Fireworks? Cookout? The beach? Trying to stay out of jail? If your name is Karl Rove, it’s probably that last one. This weekend, Lawrence O\u0027Donnell broke the story that the e-mails Time Magazine agreed to turn over to the special prosecutor investigating the Plame leak reveal that Matt Cooper’s source was none other the Boy Genius himself. But let’s put Rove’s legal troubles aside for a moment and look at the political ones. These don’t hinge on how truthful he was in his dealing with Justice Department investigators. They hinge on how truthful he was to his pals in the White House.Think Progress unearthed an exchange from a September 2003 White House briefing, where presidential mouthpiece Scottie McClellen is asked point blank whether Rove, Elliot Abrams or Scooter Libby had outed Valerie Plame. “I spoke with those individuals,” replied Scottie, “and those individuals assured me they were not involved in this. And that\u0027s where it stands.” Since Rove’s lawyer has admitted that his client did speak to Cooper about Plame, there is no doubt that Rove is -- at the least -- \"involved in this.\" And further, that, if what Scottie told those reporters is true, Karl Rove’s “assurances” were apparently bald-faced lies. Looks like Turd Blossom might have really stepped into it this time.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellI have a call in to Bob Luskin, Karl Rove’s lawyer, but I’m not holding my breath for a call back. He knows I know too much, since I broke the story last week that his client is one of the secret sources Matt Cooper has been protecting for the last two years. I have three questions for Luskin: You’ve said Rove is not a target of the investigation. Is he a subject of the investigation? Since Time delivered its e-mails to the prosecutor on Friday, have you asked the prosecutor whether Rove’s status has changed from witness to subject -- or subject to target? You told Newsweek that your client “never knowingly disclosed classified information.” Did Rove ever unknowingly disclose classified information?read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Alan DershowitzOne of the dangers inherent in jailing journalists for not disclosing confidential sources, is that this draconian punishment can be invoked selectively against targeted journalists. Two excellent and independent reporters may go to jail while Robert Novak has not -- to my knowledge -- been presented with the tragic choice of disclosure or imprisonment. Why has he been exempted? Is it because he toes the administration\u0027s line? Is it because he knows whether Karl Rove was the source? An explanation for this apparent double standard is called for!permalink | comments07.05.2005 James MooreThe simple, unavoidable truth is that Karl Rove orchestrated the leak of Valerie Plame\u0027s identity. No one who knows this man and has watched him work has any doubt that Rove came up with the idea of the leak and then set the plan in motion. Having watched him as he leaked, lied, obfuscated, and denied for political goals over the past 25 years, my own conviction of Rove\u0027s involvement is unwavering. He has a history of seeking revenge and the Texas landscape is cluttered with political cadavers he left behind before departing for the big show.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Craig CrawfordMatt Cooper is one of the niftiest guys I ever met in this town. And a damn good amateur stand-up comedian. But I want him to go to jail. We need this. Americans must see a reporter in handcuffs to understand what is happening to the freedom of the press.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Ari Rabin-HavtThe contrast Live 8 and the surrounding issues of global poverty create with the MTV culture is staggering. While most of the worlds population does not have enough to eat, the message of these reality shows is that with the right house, makeup, clothes, car (with the requisite 8 DVD players, smoothie machines and 20 inch rims) and with plastic surgery to look like a favorite celebrity, you too can be cool – and nothing is more important than that.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Jay WinstenIt’s not clear whether Live 8’s stated goal to “Make Poverty History” reached the crucial “threshold of credibility” with the general public and the news media, rendering it a viable objective for a campaign. Skepticism about the realism of the goal was widespread in U.S. media accounts of Live 8 this past weekend, even among writers sympathetic to the cause.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 David SirotaA lot of people have asked me which races in 2006 are going to be most crucial. The disgusting Katherine Harris of Bush-Gore 2000 fame is running in Florida - should defeating her be progressives\u0027 biggest priority? Or what about taking out wild-eyed right-wing lunatic Sen. Rick Santorum in Pennsylvania? Both of these races are definitely important. But if you are a progressive who wants to start seeing some fundamental, long-term change, there\u0027s one race in 2006 that stands head and shoulders above the rest in terms of significance: The race to replace retiring Sen. Jim Jeffords in Vermont.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Dr. Peter BregginI first began writing about antidepressant-induced suicidality in 1991. At that time I identified drug-induced suicidality as part of a much larger problem -- antidepressant-induced activation or stimulation similar to that caused by amphetamine, methamphetamine and cocaine. Antidepressant stimulation can lead to violence as well as suicide and a wide variety of abnormal and even psychotic behaviors. Especially in people who are already depressed, these over-stimulated reactions can lead to a severe worsening of depression or to transformation of the depression into mania.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Jillian CraneI was shimmying up a concrete pillar and climbing over a wall outside a Beverly Hills condominium on Palm Drive. I had wet hair, no shoes and was wearing my pajamas. I was almost to the top when… A cop on a motorcycle drove up. “Excuse me miss, do you live here?” he asked.read whole post | permalink07.02.2005 Bill Diamond“Self-evident” truths? This is typical Democratic-Republican bullshittery, Tom. If I’m hearing you correctly, what you’re saying is simply because you believe it, it’s true. Okay, well, I’m saying you suck -- seems fairly “self-evident” to me. Posted by: whig4ever at July 4, 1776permalink | comments07.04.2005 Chuck GutensonOn matters theological, I am rather on the conservative side of the spectrum. However, as one of my colleagues says, a conservative theological agenda aligns best with a progressive political agenda (in contradiction to this administration and its apologists!), and many of us are sick at the perversion of the Christian faith being foisted upon our country and this world by this group. British theologian and Bishop of Durham, NT Wright, characterized the religious expression of the Bush administration and its religious apologists as \"a very strange distortion of Christianity.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Deanne StillmanLet\u0027s assume for the sake of argument that Bush\u0027s foreign policy is keeping terrorists out of this country, that he has effectively secured our perimeters. Strange, isn\u0027t it, that he\u0027s setting fire to our living room? The latest example of this is the recent rollback of grazing restrictions, the result of a rewrite - or \"fixing\" - of a grazing study which warned about unchecked cattle grazing on public lands. In a few more years, the wide open space which our ancestors bled for will be one big feedlot filled with mad cows.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Gene StoneThe media has turned the word Christian into something abominable to gays; a faith that’s predicated on hatred. Read the papers, watch TV, and you’d think that Christianity was a monolithic block of homophobes whose idea of a good time is signing petitions to keep gays in chains for life. Controversy sells. Conciliation doesn’t. No wonder why Christians and gays are at each other’s throats.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Robert WeissmanWashington Post media commentator Howard Kurtz thinks there is no housing bubble, or at least that many in the media are \"erring on the side of pessimism\" in reporting on the matter. His number one expert to prove the point? James Glassman, described as \"financial commentator\" and \"American Enterprise Fellow.\" \"The press has gone way overboard\" in reporting the housing bubble, Glassman tells Kurtz. Wait a second. Isn\u0027t that the same James Glassman who in 1999 co-authored Dow 36,000: The New Strategy for Profiting from the Coming Rise in the Stock Market? You bet it is.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Geoffrey R. StoneJudith Miller and Matthew Cooper are to be sentenced on Wednesday. It is time for them to stop obstructing a legitimate federal investigation and misusing the mantle of the First Amendment. What distinguishes the leak in the Plame case from 99% of journalist-source situations is that in this situation the leak itself was a criminal offense. As newspapers like the New York Times observed at the time Robert Novak first broke this story, this is a matter of potential Watergate-level consequence.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Scott HobbsSeveral years ago, a good friend was traveling in India and had the opportunity to have a private audience with the Dalai Lama. She could hardly contain her excitement as she wracked her brain with appropriate questions to ask. ”What about meditation? Should I meditate?” His answer was short and sweet: “Yes, meditation is good, but most important is to try and be a good person.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Jane WellsWe had Senator Barack Obama (D –IL) here this weekend for a “Public Conversation” (at $25 a head) at the Aspen Institute. He is clearly a brilliant man with plenty of good ideas and potential. But as this is Aspen, the power mongers were out in force and it reminded me of how no politician in this country can succeed without the blessing of the mighty. Even $400 a head at a benefit dinner didn’t get face time with the Senator, who was whisked away by those who pay more.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Richard BelzerOn Independence Day, we the people once again contemplate the meaning of it all, perhaps more so for many of us than ever before. We ask ...Are we free? How free are we? How well do our representatives truly represent \"we the people\"...is there an unbiased free flow of ideas between government and governed? What is really happening right now at this moment in our history? And what can we expect of the future? Was George Orwell correct when he said \"If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stomping on a human face -- forever.\"read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Conservative Media Head To Iraq For “Truth Tour”...Checking In With Scottie: Has Turd Blossom Really Stepped Into It This Time?Three Questions for Karl Rove\u0027s LawyerWhy Is Novak Skating on Rove/Plame Affair?Karl and KarmaMatt, Do The Perp Walk NowLive 8 vs. RealityLive 8--What\u0027s Next?The Most Important U.S. Senate Race in 2006FDA Continues to Confirm Antidepressant Risks I First Identified More Than a Decade AgoBeverly Hills Break-inIf Jefferson BloggedThe Good News...or Not?Homeland Insecurity and Unpatriotic ActsGod, Gays, and HeadlinesBubbles, Glassman and KurtzMiscast MartyrsMore than Downward Facing DogThe View From Aspen Isn\u0027t So GreatThoughts on the 4th From France","h3":"Prosecutor Pushes Jail For Time Mag Journalist…BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: Three Questions For Rove\u0027s Lawyer...Growing “Concern” In The White House That The Prosecutor Is Interested In Rove…Senator Santorum: Stay At Home, Moms!United Church of Christ Largest Denomination To Back Gay Marriage...Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure...Nearly 3,200 Terrorist Attacks Worldwide In 2004...“Credible Evidence” Iran\u0027s President Elect Involved In Triple Murder...$100M Battle For Supreme Court Seat...Tropical Storm Threatens U.S. Oil Supplies...Bush To Reject Any Measure That “Looks Like Kyoto”...Huge Security Measures For... The New Harry Potter BookIraq Insurgents Attack Arab And Muslim Diplomats...Iraq Police Search for Kidnapped Egyptian Diplomat...China Demands US Correct Its “Mistaken Ways”...Martha Named M. Diddy In Prison, Lockdown Is “Hideous”...Rep. Katherine Harris Pushed Kabbalah Cure For Tree Disease...Revolving Door From Hill To “Team Abramoff”...Disney Trades Snow White\u0027s Dwarves For Kung Fu Monks...Disney Interns Are “Like Indentured Slaves”...Study: Women Feel More Pain Than Men...Geldof Says G-8 Protest Violence “Stupid And Unnecessary”...Chirac:“The Only Thing [The English] Have Ever Done For European Agriculture Is Mad Cow”Report Criticizes “Breast-Feeding Zealots”...Nathan\u0027s Contest Winner Chows 49 Hot Dogs In 12 Minutes...Steal Wi-Fi, Go To Jail...Los Alamos Scientists ‘Trying To Be The Best Terrorists We Can Be’...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG62004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: Three Questions For Rove\u0027s Lawyer... in brief | comments Growing “Concern” In The White House That The Prosecutor Is Interested In Rove… comments Senator Santorum: Stay At Home, Moms! in brief | comments United Church of Christ Largest Denomination To Back Gay Marriage... in brief | comments Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure... in brief | comments Nearly 3,200 Terrorist Attacks Worldwide In 2004... in brief | comments “Credible Evidence” Iran\u0027s President Elect Involved In Triple Murder... in brief | comments $100M Battle For Supreme Court Seat... in brief | comments Tropical Storm Threatens U.S. Oil Supplies... in brief | comments Bush To Reject Any Measure That “Looks Like Kyoto”... in brief | comments Huge Security Measures For... The New Harry Potter Book in brief | comments Iraq Insurgents Attack Arab And Muslim Diplomats... in brief | comments Iraq Police Search for Kidnapped Egyptian Diplomat... in brief | comments China Demands US Correct Its “Mistaken Ways”... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Martha Named M. Diddy In Prison, Lockdown Is “Hideous”... in brief | comments Rep. Katherine Harris Pushed Kabbalah Cure For Tree Disease... in brief | comments Revolving Door From Hill To “Team Abramoff”... in brief | comments Disney Trades Snow White\u0027s Dwarves For Kung Fu Monks... in brief | comments Disney Interns Are “Like Indentured Slaves”... in brief | comments Study: Women Feel More Pain Than Men... in brief | comments Geldof Says G-8 Protest Violence “Stupid And Unnecessary”... in brief | comments Chirac:“The Only Thing [The English] Have Ever Done For European Agriculture Is Mad Cow” in brief | comments Report Criticizes “Breast-Feeding Zealots”... in brief | comments Nathan\u0027s Contest Winner Chows 49 Hot Dogs In 12 Minutes... in brief | comments Steal Wi-Fi, Go To Jail... in brief | comments Los Alamos Scientists ‘Trying To Be The Best Terrorists We Can Be’... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050706035348,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
