{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaIt’s been another eclectic week on the HuffPost, with Norman Mailer on George Bush, Vernon Jordan on the Edgar Ray Killen conviction, Arthur Schlesinger on the born-again Air Force Academy, and Laurie David offering a hundred dollars and a collection of Curb Your Enthusiasm DVDs for a photo of enviro-rewrite man Philip Cooney. The hottest topics on the blog this week were Karl Rove’s 9/11 comments and the raging controversy over the connection between vaccines and autism. Be sure and check out Trey Ellis, Kristen Breitweiser, Bill Diamond and David Corn on the former (I also had few things to say about this one), and powerful and personal posts from Janet Grillo, Jane Wells, David Kirby, and Jay Gordon on the latter. And, as always, don’t miss your dose of Sunday satire, including seriously funny posts from Danielle Crittenden, Adam McKay, Harry Shearer, and Joe and Jerry Long.06.21.2005 Norman MailerThe following is just for the sake of it -- I want to feed the maw of the blog:In the wake of all the fluvial funereal obsequies that the media attached to Ronald Reagan\u0027s earthly departure, I felt obliged to remark that he had been the most overrated president in American history and the second most ignorant. Then I added -- how could I not? -- guess who is the most ignorant? Half the audience applauded; the other half were outraged and groaned in true patriotic pain. Since George W. is not only a horse\u0027s ass, but vain and platitudinous to boot, it can hardly escape us that he is also serving (with all due inner incandescence) as God\u0027s chosen envoy for America.permalink | comments06.21.2005 Vernon JordanThe conviction of Edgar Ray Killen comes on the 41st anniversary of the brutal murders of three civil rights workers for which he was convicted. Some, including myself, will be disappointed that the jury shrank back from convicting him of murder and instead rendered a verdict of guilty of felony manslaughter. But that hardly diminishes the importance of the verdict. That importance lies in the vindication of the truth that \"the wheels of justice grind slowly, but exceedingly fine.\"permalink | comments06.21.2005 Arthur Schlesinger Jr.Forty-seven members of Congress have asked the acting secretary of the Air Force what in the world is going on in the Air Force Academy – in addition to rapes of female cadets, the subject of prior investigation. The superintendent, a lieutenant general, was asked how long it would take to restore religious tolerance at the Academy. He replied gloomily, “If everything goes well, it’s probably going to take six years to fix it.” Meanwhile the scandal of evangelical proselytizing at a government institution and at public expense has generated, not outrage, but lethargic indifference, with few exceptions, on the part of the media and the Department of Defense.permalink | comments06.23.2005 Kristen BreitweiserNow Karl, a question for you, since you seem to be the nation\u0027s self-styled sensei with regard to 9/11: Is Usama Bin Laden still important? Lately, your coterie of friends seems to be giving out mixed messages. Recall that in the early days, Bin Laden was wanted “dead or alive.” I mention Bin Laden because recently Director of the CIA, Porter Goss, has mentioned that he knows exactly where Bin Laden is located but that he cannot capture him for fear of offending sovereign nations. Which frankly, I find ironic because of Iraq--and let\u0027s just leave it at that.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Byron YorkThe Washington Post reported that MoveOn political chief Eli Pariser \"disputed Rove\u0027s characterization of the petition calling for moderation and restraint, saying that the petition was a personal project before he was affiliated with MoveOn and that it was not on the group\u0027s Web site at the time of the Afghanistan war.\" But what I discovered in the course of researching my book, The Vast Left Wing Conspiracy, suggested that MoveOn was in fact opposed to the war in Afghanistan, and that MoveOn founders Joan Blades and Wes Boyd hired Pariser in significant part because of his activism against that war.read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Adam McKayHere\u0027s how bad things are on the justice front. The only case supporters of true justice can celebrate happened over forty years ago with the long-overdue conviction of Edgar Ray Killen for manslaughter in the killings of civil rights activists Goodman, Chaney, and Schwerner. Forty years ago. And here\u0027s the worst, the guy was in a wheelchair with an oxygen tube up his nose. It\u0027s no fun to put guys in wheelchairs in jail even when they\u0027re guilty racists. It\u0027s like convicting a fluffy bunny of arson.permalink | comments06.22.2005 Danielle CrittendenThe Huffington Post welcomes the debut column of its new advice columnist. Saddam will be delighted to answer readers’ questions on dating, relationships, personal hygiene, cooking and chemical warfare...permalink | comments06.20.2005 Jon Robin BaitzThe writer who dares to take on his own past has to be really fucking careful. Memory can get you into a lot of trouble because it involves these things called Other People. Just ask Lillian Hellman. (I could go on.) This odd hubris, this attempt to harvest a narrative as it were, out of the murky and mutually-owned past, can drive people who were part of that past crazy...permalink | comments06.20.2005 Jay RosenWhat journalists call news judgment used to be king. If the press ruled against you, you just weren\u0027t news. But if you weren\u0027t news how would anyone know enough about you (or care) to contest the ruling? That\u0027s what having singular influence was all about. The way it works today, the World Wide Web is the sovereign force, and journalists live and work according to its rules. Now if there\u0027s something newsworthy coming out of the U.K. but neglected in America the political blogs in America and other activists online keep talking about it. Quickly the story\u0027s unjust obscurity will reach a political player who can change that by acting in a newsworthy way, lending fresh facts and additional reason to cover the story.permalink | comments06.21.2005 Jonathan AlterOnly a day after I ripped Jeb Bush for his despicable treatment of Michael Schiavo, the story became a little more complicated. Schiavo got weird in the way he chose to bury his wife, making it seem on the gravestone as if she had died 15 years ago. He also put on the stone a reference to himself (\"I Kept My Promise\"), as if her whole life were about him.permalink | comments06.20.2005 Laurie DavidThe latest environmental atrocity is a scientific analysis of the impact of cattle grazing on public lands that has been falsified -- leading to a relaxation of grazing rules. The study -- paid for with taxpayer dollars -- originally said that the new grazing rules would have “a significant adverse impact” on wildlife. Enter an as-yet-unidentified Dept. of Interior re-write man and -- presto! -- the report suddenly said that the new rules would be “beneficial to animals”. I don’t have my thesaurus handy, but I’m pretty sure “adverse” and “beneficial” are not synonyms.permalink | comments06.23.2005 Arianna HuffingtonMaybe I’m suffering from PTESD (Post Traumatic Electoral Stress Disorder), but as I watch the Democratic leadership fail to hammer home what is wrong with the administration’s policy in Iraq, I’m starting to get flashbacks to the Kerry campaign. I realize some memories are better left buried… but it’s hard to watch history disastrously repeat itself.permalink | comments06.23.2005 Tom HaydenIs anyone else disappointed with Al Franken\u0027s daily defense of the continued war in Iraq? Not Bush\u0027s version of the war, because that would undermine Air America\u0027s laudable purpose of rallying an anti-Bush audience. But, well, Kerry\u0027s version of the war, one that can be better managed and won, somehow with better body armor and fewer torture cells. This morning Franken was endorsing Sen. Joe Biden\u0027s proposal to send 5,000 NATO troops to close the Syrian-Iraq border, bring in foreign trainers for the Iraqi officer corps, and put Iraqis to work cleaning up the destruction of our invasion. \"Last chance to get it right.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Trey EllisKarl Rove won’t apologize and those that love the administration now will only love it more after this dust up settles. \"I think Karl was very specific, very accurate, in who he was pointing out,\" communications director Dan Bartlett said. \"It\u0027s touched a chord with these Democrats. I\u0027m not sure why.\" See how Dan Barlett masterfully spins from defense to offense by saying, “I’m not sure why”? He leaves hanging in the air the implicit answer, “Because Democrats are girly-men metrosexuals, quick to cry and woefully unprepared to protect this nation against those that mean us harm.”read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Michael Smerconish“There’s no torture going on down there and there hasn’t been,” said the Secretary of Defense to me today. “The people down there at Guantanomo Bay, under the President’s orders, have been treated humanely, and they should be treated humanely. But these are terrorist, trainers, bomb makers, suicide bombers, UBL’s bodyguards, the 20th hijacker, recruiters and facilitators. These are bad people. These are people who want to go out and kill innocent men, women, and children... And those who are suggesting that the management, or handling by our military of what’s going on in Guatanomo Bay is not the way it should be are flat wrong.\"permalink | comments06.25.2005 David KirbyMany people dismiss this theory as pure bunk – as alarmist, fabricated and foolhardy as, say, insisting that Saddam had WMD’s. These naysayers desperately want the issue to just go away, and they want people like me to shut up. But this conflict, folks, is just getting started.read whole post | permalink | comments06.23.2005 Jerry and Joe LongAt a fund-raiser for the Conservative Party of New York State, Karl Rove said, \"Al Jazeera now broadcasts the words of Senator Durbin to the Mideast, certainly putting our troops in greater danger. No more needs to be said about the motives of liberals.\" Yes, the executives at Al Jazeera, having no visuals or video of torture or civilian casualties, were pacing the office while feverishly checking their C-Span feed for something, anything to incite the Muslim world. Then Durbin took the Senate floor as an aide placed a giant sign behind him reading - “Endangering Our Troops: The Liberal Plan For Aiding And Comforting Evil.\"permalink | comments06.21.2005 Harry ShearerBritish TV news is very, very different from the American product, so much so that CNN\u0027s International feed seems to feel the need to ape the Brit style, lest its international viewers be appalled at what real American TV news is like these days. For one thing, look at those teeth. British TV news presenters have the local dentition, which is to say, watch this space, a tooth may appear here shortly.permalink | comments06.21.2005 Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr.The American people have grown tired of the Bush Administration\u0027s Iraq war games. Every day it becomes clearer to all of us that intelligence information was creatively interpreted at best, manipulated at worst, in order to suit the President\u0027s bias and pre-conceived notions. Worse than the Bush Administration\u0027s sleight of hand to get us into the Iraq war, is the stubborn refusal to admit any errors. They\u0027re behaving like spoiled children finally called on the carpet about their misdeeds, who try to escape punishment by telling lies and flashing puppy dog eyes.permalink | comments06.23.2005 Bill DiamondWhile conservatives saw “the savagery of 9/11 and the attacks and prepared for war”, what were we doing? Sitting on our huge, tax-lovin\u0027 asses, doing nothing but coming up with ways to provide “therapy and understanding” for the September 11 attacks. How else do you explain that while Republicans were taking care of business, the only response by congressional Democrats was to propose the “Jihadist Bed and Breakfast Discount Act of 2002”? Or the “What Do You Say We Don’t Inspect All Cargo Containers” rider to last year’s farm bill?read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Erica JongI was once the wife of a psychiatrist drafted into the US Army during the Viet Nam War. I know that there’s always the right way and the Army way. The Viet Nam war caused army doctors to learn special skills—like counseling victims of Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome or counseling the children of personnel who were traumatized or helping adolescents to deal with the distress of moving every two years when their parents were transferred. . . But never in my three years as a medical officer’s wife did I hear of trained specialists assisting torturers.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Janet GrilloLast night I did something highly unusual for a parent of a child with Autism...I left the house before my son was asleep. I went out to dinner with the parent of another Autistic boy. We swapped war stories...his son ran out of the car in the middle of Wilshire Blvd, my son insisted he could fly and tried to jump off a two story balcony, his son has held up a butcher knife and tried to attack him with it when in the midst of a raging tantrum more times than he can remember, my son has only done this once. My son called my celphone no less than 8 times during the hour I was away, spinning in a vortex of anxiety, desperate for me to return. He is eleven years old. And he is doing remarkably well.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 David CornSo Rove, who works for a guy who says he wants to be a uniter-not-a-divider, accuses liberals of not wanting to defend their country, and the Bushies proclaim, \"Well done!\" Could it be that Bush was not serious when he spoke of his heartfelt desire to heal and unite this nation? Unless he meant, \"I will be a uniter but I will happily employ those who traffic in the most divisive politics possible.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.23.2005 Jay GordonMercury in vaccines causes autism and other brain injury. This week, ABC TV (my old employer) twisted the editing and commentary to weaken Robert F. Kennedy Jr\u0027s interview on the subject. For ABC TV, hundreds of millions of dollars in ad revenue are at stake and they were irresponsible with the lives and health of children at risk. They should be ashamed of themselves.permalink | comments06.23.2005 Patt MorrisonCheck the catalogues, sign on to eBay –- what isn’t being hawked with a flag on it? Doormats, handkerchiefs, cocktail napkins, pocket knives, sheets, wastebaskets, dog shirts, chip-and-dip sets, bras, toilet seat covers. You can blow your nose on the flag, sop up your booze with it, sleep on it, stab someone with it, dress your dog in it, dump your trash in it, flush away under it and wipe your feet on it – but don’t even think about setting fire to it.permalink | comments06.22.2005 Jane WellsSince reading Robert F Kennedy Jr.’ s brilliant and terrifying article ‘DEADLY IMMUNITY,’ that exposes the link between mercury poisoning and autism, I have been wondering how Senator Bill Frist can sleep at night. My friend Vicky certainly cannot. She dozes at night keeping half an eye on a huge video screen in her bedroom that monitors her daughter Goosey in the next room in case she has a seizure during the night.permalink | comments06.21.2005 Rep. John ConyersJust wanted to update you on the results of my hearing on the Downing Street Minutes last Thursday. We were forced to convene the hearing in a small room in the basement of the Capitol as the Republicans would not make any other room available to us. Then, the Republican Leadership scheduled 11 consecutive floor votes at the precise time the hearing was scheduled to begin. We did not let this disrupt our hearings.permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Rumsfeld: Insurgency \u0027Could Go On For Any Number Of Years\u0027On The Blog NowGod\u0027s Chosen Envoy for AmericaThe Wheels of JusticeWhat in God\u0027s Name Is Going on at the Air Force Academy?Karl Rove\u0027s \"Understanding of 9/11\"Wasn\u0027t Rove Right About MoveOn?And Justish for AllASK SADDAMNotes from an Unreliable NarratorThe Downing Street Memo and the Court of Appeal in News JudgmentMichael Schiavo v. Jeb (Sharpton) BushThe \"Give Phil Cooney a Face\" Photo ChallengeFlashback: Pelosi Pulls a Kerry on IraqAl Franken, liberal hawk?True Power Is Never Having to Say You’re SorryA Timely Conversation with Donald RumsfeldMercury, Autism and the Coming StormKarl \u0026 UsWhat\u0027s That Sound?The Bush Administration\u0027s Puppy Dog EyesMea CulpaDoctors as TorturersHere\u0027s What We Do KnowAn Apology For Durbin? But Don\u0027t Wait for RoveNo Conflict of InterestCongress Fiddles While Flags Don\u0027t Get BurnedEver Wondered How Bill Frist Sleeps?Downing Street Minutes – The Story that Wouldn’t Die","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Alumni Of Abramoff\u0027s \u0027Team\u0027 Still Collecting Lobbying Fees ...Insurgents Reveal Secret Face-To-Face Meetings With US ...\u0027We Didn\u0027t Suspect Him\u0027 ... Suicide Bombings Kill at Least 33 in IraqCheney Checks Into Vail Hospital...Study: Models Too Skinny, Implants Too Big, Body Mass Index ReallyGets GuysState Of Utah Sues Mormon Church For $13.9 Million...Japan Unveils World\u0027s Fastest TrainLobbyist: \u0027I\u0027m Just Surprised I Am Not Under, \u0027Dead, Disgraced Or In Jail\u0027 ...Italy Arrests 13 CIA Agents...US Acknowledges Torture At Gitmo For First Time ...\u0027You Don\u0027t Know The History Of Psychiatry. I Do\u0027...Autism Parents Now Potent National Force Against Vaccines Containing Thimerosal...HuffPo\u0027s David Kirby On Mercury, Autism and the Coming Storm...Justice Department Nudes Revealed After Aschroft Cover-Up...TV Network For Gays To Debut ...Florida County Votes To \u0027Abstain From Acknowledging\u0027 Gay Pride Events ...Deep Throat Revealed: FBI Director Felt As If Hit With \u0027Tremendous Sledgehammer\u0027Shaq Picks Up An MBA ...Factory Turns Corn Into T-shirts, Forks, CoffinsThe Race To Alaska Before It Melts ...Rich: PBS\u0027s Future Is The Armstrong Williams NewshourMan Has Lost 573 Pounds In A Year ...The Cold Climate Of Luxury...First Woman Ever Awarded Silver Star For Close Combat ...Pentagon Slow To Address Unsafe Vehicles In Iraq...Chair Of House Ethics Committee Failed To Report Travel Expenses...\u0027Men Are Far More Complex Than Advertisers Give Them Credit For...\u0027Soon Your Car Will Be \u0027Made In China\u0027...Smashing Pumpkins Will Regroup, Says Corgan...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 27 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 27 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL272004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Alumni Of Abramoff\u0027s \u0027Team\u0027 Still Collecting Lobbying Fees ... in brief | comments Insurgents Reveal Secret Face-To-Face Meetings With US ... in brief | comments \u0027We Didn\u0027t Suspect Him\u0027 ... Suicide Bombings Kill at Least 33 in Iraq in brief | comments Cheney Checks Into Vail Hospital... in brief | comments Study: Models Too Skinny, Implants Too Big, Body Mass Index ReallyGets Guys in brief | comments State Of Utah Sues Mormon Church For $13.9 Million... in brief | comments Japan Unveils World\u0027s Fastest Train in brief | comments Lobbyist: \u0027I\u0027m Just Surprised I Am Not Under, \u0027Dead, Disgraced Or In Jail\u0027 ... in brief | comments Italy Arrests 13 CIA Agents... comments US Acknowledges Torture At Gitmo For First Time ... comments \u0027You Don\u0027t Know The History Of Psychiatry. I Do\u0027... in brief | comments Autism Parents Now Potent National Force Against Vaccines Containing Thimerosal... in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s David Kirby On Mercury, Autism and the Coming Storm... in brief | comments Justice Department Nudes Revealed After Aschroft Cover-Up... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette TV Network For Gays To Debut ... in brief | comments Florida County Votes To \u0027Abstain From Acknowledging\u0027 Gay Pride Events ... in brief | comments Deep Throat Revealed: FBI Director Felt As If Hit With \u0027Tremendous Sledgehammer\u0027 in brief | comments Shaq Picks Up An MBA ... in brief | comments Factory Turns Corn Into T-shirts, Forks, Coffins in brief | comments The Race To Alaska Before It Melts ... in brief | comments Rich: PBS\u0027s Future Is The Armstrong Williams Newshour in brief | comments Man Has Lost 573 Pounds In A Year ... in brief | comments The Cold Climate Of Luxury... in brief | comments First Woman Ever Awarded Silver Star For Close Combat ... in brief | comments Pentagon Slow To Address Unsafe Vehicles In Iraq... in brief | comments Chair Of House Ethics Committee Failed To Report Travel Expenses... in brief | comments \u0027Men Are Far More Complex Than Advertisers Give Them Credit For...\u0027 in brief | comments Soon Your Car Will Be \u0027Made In China\u0027... in brief | comments Smashing Pumpkins Will Regroup, Says Corgan... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050627002030,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
