{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.07.2005 Arianna HuffingtonObviously, the big news today is all about London. And, sure enough, when I picked up this morning\u0027s New York Times there was a headline about London. Except that the above-the-fold, front page story was about London landing the 2012 Olympics, and came complete with a big color picture of jubilant Londoners… an image that had been completely surpassed by the much bigger news out of London today. If one needed more proof of the ascendancy of online news, this morning put the Internet vs. print battle into stark relief -- and foretold the Net’s inevitable victory.News happens every second of the day -- it doesn\u0027t stop after the next day\u0027s newspaper is put to bed -- and blogs and Internet news sites are clearly better equipped to keep up with this never-ending news cycle. So as this tragic story continues to unfold, I know exactly where I\u0027ll be getting my up-to-the-second news from -- and it won\u0027t be from the old-before-it’s-new paper sitting on my doorstep tomorrow morning. Is there any doubt that more and more millions will be doing the same? And not just news, but real time commentary, like our posts from Jamie Rubin, Simon Jenkins, Jann Wenner, Andrei Cherny, Tom Hayden, and Marty Kaplan.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Jann WennerAmid all the optimism surrounding Blair, Bono \u0026 Geldolf doing Live 8 and G 8, and the award of that most wonderful and pacific of international institutions and global brotherhood -- the Olympics -- what a grim thing to have happened. Violence rarely gets us anywhere; the PLO, the IRA, the SLA, among others have achieved so little with their terrorism. If the London bombings are the work of an Al Qaeda offshoot, then you have to fairly say, in the same way we condemn other\u0027s terror, this is in part the result of Bush\u0027s War on Iraq.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 James P. RubinHaving always heard about the British behavior during the German bombing of London, the so-called “blitz,” I wondered what would happen today after news broke of the four bombs in the London subway and buses. Sure enough, there was no panic. There was even some stoic humor from the thousands who had to walk as public transportation ground to a halt. Of course, this was not the World Trade Center in scale, in scope, or in the horror. But still, it would have been easy for people to panic or evacuate the city. Instead just a mile from the bomb sites, normal life went on...read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Simon JenkinsNothing is achieved by responding to such terrorism in the way the terrorist most wants, by behaving differently. The terrorist most wants people to stop using the Tube. The terrorist wants tourists to stay away from the central area. The terrorist wants Londoners to remain at home, stop working, haul their children out of school. The terrorist wants shops and theatres to suffer, the Stock Market to crash, the Olympic spirit to fade. The terrorist wants everyone to feel perpetually terrorized, to look askance at every Arab faces and dress, to overreact, cut and run for cover from the world.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Tom HaydenSo much for Tony Blair\u0027s hope to \"put Iraq behind us.\" The dustbin now awaits George Bush\u0027s argument that \"we must take the fight to the enemy over there so we don\u0027t have to fight them at home.\" Imperial fantasies, as shattered as the London transit system. The G-8 leaders feign innocence while the innocents die.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Cenk UygurMr. President, your policy of starting a war with Iraq so that there would be less terrorist attacks in the Western World is an obvious failure with heightened attacks all over the world according to the findings of your own State Department and CIA, especially in the Western World with devastating attacks in Spain and now London, so will you concede that the war in Iraq has not in anyway lessened the chances that terrorist will strike us here?read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Andrei ChernyIt has been easy, as the months since September 11th, 2001 have stretched into years, to go back to business as usual. We have sometimes forgotten we are in the midst of a War on Terror. Some on the far left have claimed that there is no such war – that’s it just a conservative catchphrase. That rings fairly hollow today. At the same time, the Bush Administration has not been truly serious about fighting that War on Terror. Osama bin Laden is still on the loose – his freedom mocking our vow to fight. And the lack of foresight in the war in Iraq took troops and translators and time away from tracking down and breaking the terrorist networks.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Marty KaplanThe blanket coverage of London terrorism is a terrible blow to Nancy Grace, Arubans, meteorologists, shark specialists, sexual predator experts, Tom Cruise, creationists, anti-sodomites and all other culture warriors and whackball fear-mongers who until now have owned the media. Just when watching the news was finally beginning to feel the way it did in the summer of 2001 -- terrifying, and yet inconsequential -- the media have forced us to go cold-turkey on crapola.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellTwo years ago, when I first read the federal law protecting the identities of covert agents, my reaction was the same as everyone else who reads it -- this is not an easy law to break. But there is one very good reason to think Karl Rove might be indicted. It is buried in one of the handful of federal court opinions that have come down in the last year ordering Matt Cooper and Judy Miller to testify or go to jail. In February, Circuit Judge David Tatel wrote a 41-page opinion that has eight blank pages in the middle of it where he discusses the secret information the prosecutor has supplied only to the judges to convince them that the testimony he is demanding is worth sending reporters to jail to get. The gravity of the suspected crime is presumably very well developed in those redacted pages.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Adam McKayNow as a white man of Irish descent my dance skills are decent at best. I can do the \"sway\" and the \"please-don\u0027t-dwell-on-me head bop.\" But I think I know the dance Rove is about to do as the Time Mag doc dump becomes public and Matt Cooper agrees to testify. Just throw your hands in the air...and wave ‘em like you just don\u0027t care!! \"It\u0027s a Liberal Conspiracy\"...huh, huh...bring that beat back....(record scratch-record scratch) Do y\u0027all wanna party!?read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Byron YorkIf Cooper can indeed identify Rove as the criminal, why would Rove give his explicit OK for Cooper to talk? If Rove is guilty, these actions seem decidedly against his own interests in this case, and represent a marked change from the Clinton years, when figures in and around the administration formed a joint defense agreement, asserted novel and eventually discredited legal privileges, and sufferred terrible cases of memory loss before the grand jury. What is going on here?read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaShe may have not written the Plame story, but she wrote the Iraq lies, and in doing so she made herself visible as a tool of a corrupt administration, which she now protects by invoking the rights she abused so shamelessly. Protecting sources is not the same thing as protecting criminals working against the public interest. Or is the public interest no longer part of the equation?read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Harry ShearerJudith Miller, who spent many New York Times front pages peddling the administration\u0027s WMD story about Saddam Hussein. Her paper apologized for its pre-war coverage, but demurely desisted from mentioning her copious contributions to it. Is there such a thing as karma? If so, Judith Miller is in the pokey as punishment for helping to get over 1700 Americans and thousands of Iraqis killed for a reason yet to be determined.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Eric BoehlertIt\u0027s been six days since Lawrence O\u0027Donnell reported internal Time Magazine emails handed over to the independent prosecutor would show Karl Rove was the source Time reporter Matt Cooper had been protecting. It\u0027s been three days since Newsweek confirmed, \"The e-mails surrendered by Time Inc., which are largely between Cooper and his editors, show that one of Cooper\u0027s sources was White House deputy chief of staff Karl Rove.\" Does any of this sound like news? Apparently not for reporters covering the White House.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 David SirotaThere is a question few in the mainstream media are asking in this ongoing scandal over who leaked the identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame: why is a New York Times writer going to jail, and Bob Novak going scot free? Are we really to believe that as Novak walks away, a writer who never actually published the classified information in question and who works at the New York Times - a paper conservatives love to vilify - is the real criminal?read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Hilary RosenIt is not by accident that the White House definition of an \"activist\" and therefore unacceptable judiciary revealed in Rove\u0027s recent meeting with the editors of the Washington Post centers around decisions that state courts have made to provide equal treatment in marriage rights for gay couples. They think this issue helped them in the election and it will help them once again. When all else fails to ignite the American people, gay marriage is still their bogeyman.read whole post | permalink07.06.2005 Paul RieckhoffFrom the AP: \"Even though the Army appears likely to miss its goal of recruiting 80,000 new soldiers this year, it\u0027s ahead of the pace needed to reach its goal of convincing 64,162 soldiers ... to re-enlist by the end of the fiscal year Sept. 30.\" The irony here is that, in the short-term, this is actually a good trend for the Army. Fighting insurgencies requires seasoned, disciplined, mature troops who are able to make the tough decisions about when to kick in the door and when to knock. The problem will come in if the current recruiting drought continues into next year, and Basic Training classes continue to be undermanned. At some point, all of the blood will be squeezed out of the current stone, and there will be no new rocks to cultivate.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Timothy NaftaliSaddam was evil. But he’s gone and now the Iraqis need to believe that what they have in return is better. Given the number of Iraqis who were blown up in 2004 and so far in 2005, it is no wonder that the United States is having a hard time making the case for the current form of “liberation.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Marc CooperIt’s not what the President says that matters, but what he does. And what risks, what costs are he – and the American people— willing to take? Not very much it seems. This administration, and too many among us, are all for compassion, so long as there is no sacrifice involved.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Tony CampoloBilly Graham spoke strongly on issues on which the Bible was clear, such as race relations, but made no declaration as to which party was best suited to serve His Jesus. Upon further consideration, I think we all, myself included, could learn a lot from Billy Graham. God is neither a Republican or a Democrat. Both parties could be negatively critiqued from scripture. And when it comes time to vote, every American must try to figure out what will help save our nation, in the words of scripture, “with fear and trembling.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Hooman MajdThe Bush administration and their partners in the right wing media have often complained that the dominant liberal media rarely talk or write about all the good news coming out of Iraq, but instead concentrate on all the bad stuff, such as soldiers getting blown up and civilians dying en masse. I thought that I might lend Mr. Bush, Fox News, and all the talk radio hosts a hand by rounding up all the terrific news out of the Mesopotamian region so far this week...permalink | comments07.06.2005 Dan CarolHere we go again with another ugly fight over the Supreme Court. They propose, we oppose, and who looks whinier? We do.read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"56 Minutes Of Coordinated Terror...",".title":"","h2":"Online vs. Print: A Front Page Pic Tells the Whole StoryLondon: What a Grim Thing to Have HappenedThe View from an American in LondonLondon Is Not To Be Terrified by AnyoneLondon Bombings Destroy Bush-Blair StrategyMission Not Accomplished“We will stay with you to the last.”Why Do Terrorists Hate Missing White Women?The One Very Good Reason Karl Rove Might Be IndictedKarl Rove Dusts Off His Dancin\u0027 ShoesCould Someone Please Explain...Judith Miller - the Patron Saint of PropagandaJudy, Judy, JudyShhh, Don\u0027t Wake the PressBob Novak Is a Pathetic, Unethical, Unpatriotic HackKarl Rove is a Busy GuyAn Insular Force?Terrible StatisticsBush In Africa: The Not So New No-Cost CompassionA Hard Evening on HardballIt\u0027s All GoodYou Can\u0027t Fight Something with Nothing","h3":"British Police Recover Two Unexploded Bombs...Bloggers, Photographers File First Hand Reports Of London Chaos...U.S. Raising Terror Alert for Transit...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Judith Miller Of NY Times Going To Jail Matt Cooper Of Time To Testify...Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted...Saddam\u0027s Chief Lawyer Quits, Conflicts With Americans On Defense Team...Bremer Kept $600M Undocumented Iraq Slush Fund...Electric Shield Protects Swimmers, Makes Sharks “Uncomfortable”…Saddam\u0027s Torture Squads Back In Business With Iraqi Police…Zarqawi Group Claims Responsibility For Egyptian Envoy Killing…Limbaugh\u0027s Medical Records Released, Reveal “Doctor Shopping”...Food Industry Using Money, Lobbyists To Fight Blame For Obesity Crisis…Is Prince Albert A Member Of The Mile High Club?OPEC Can\u0027t Meet West\u0027s Oil Demands...Jeb Bush Touts Christian-Based Program For Schools...Meth “Epidemic”... Affecting Communities Nationwide...Eminent Domain Gone Wild: $4.18M For Shack…Bush Selects “Law \u0026 Order” Actor To Aid Supreme Court Process…Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over”Harrison Ford’s At The Door With Your Amazon.com Delivery…Largest U.S. Power Generator Taken To Court...Live 8 Webcast “Template For The Future”...Poll: 73% Of Americans Say US Should “Participate” In Kyoto...$25K For A Round Of Golf With DeLay…NBC Loses Its Youth...Bird Flu May Spread To More Asian Countries And Europe...Angelina, Brad Picking Up Ethiopian Orphan Together...Bush Defends Iraq And Gitmo To Euros, “Take A Look For Yourself”...U.S. Scientist Shells Out $20M For Space Ride...Republicans Aim To Accelerate Death Penalty…Lil\u0027 Kim Gets 1 Year In The Slammer For Perjury...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 8 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 8 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG82004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Judith Miller Of NY Times Going To Jail Matt Cooper Of Time To Testify... in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted... in brief | comments Saddam\u0027s Chief Lawyer Quits, Conflicts With Americans On Defense Team... in brief | comments Bremer Kept $600M Undocumented Iraq Slush Fund... in brief | comments Electric Shield Protects Swimmers, Makes Sharks “Uncomfortable”… in brief | comments Saddam\u0027s Torture Squads Back In Business With Iraqi Police… in brief | comments Zarqawi Group Claims Responsibility For Egyptian Envoy Killing… in brief | comments Limbaugh\u0027s Medical Records Released, Reveal “Doctor Shopping”... in brief | comments Food Industry Using Money, Lobbyists To Fight Blame For Obesity Crisis… in brief | comments Is Prince Albert A Member Of The Mile High Club? in brief | comments OPEC Can\u0027t Meet West\u0027s Oil Demands... in brief | comments Jeb Bush Touts Christian-Based Program For Schools... in brief | comments Meth “Epidemic”... Affecting Communities Nationwide... in brief | comments Eminent Domain Gone Wild: $4.18M For Shack… in brief | comments Bush Selects “Law \u0026 Order” Actor To Aid Supreme Court Process… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over” in brief | comments Harrison Ford’s At The Door With Your Amazon.com Delivery… in brief | comments Largest U.S. Power Generator Taken To Court... in brief | comments Live 8 Webcast “Template For The Future”... in brief | comments Poll: 73% Of Americans Say US Should “Participate” In Kyoto... in brief | comments $25K For A Round Of Golf With DeLay… in brief | comments NBC Loses Its Youth... in brief | comments Bird Flu May Spread To More Asian Countries And Europe... in brief | comments Angelina, Brad Picking Up Ethiopian Orphan Together... in brief | comments Bush Defends Iraq And Gitmo To Euros, “Take A Look For Yourself”... in brief | comments U.S. Scientist Shells Out $20M For Space Ride... in brief | comments Republicans Aim To Accelerate Death Penalty… in brief | comments Lil\u0027 Kim Gets 1 Year In The Slammer For Perjury... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":45,"second":58},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
