{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Andy Manis07.10.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThis week on HuffPost was dominated by two stories. It started with the revelations on the Rove-Plame scandal (including the latest scoop from David Corn) and ended, tragically, with the London bombings. Our bloggers rode the headlines here at home and delivered real-time responses to the breaking news from Britain. Don’t miss Jann Wenner, Jamie Rubin, Simon Jenkins, Bertis Downs, Mabel McKeown, Irshad Manji, Marty Kaplan, Hooman Majd, Paul Krassner, Josh Silver, and Kathryn Ireland on London, and David Corn, Kenneth Lerer, Lawrence O’Donnell, Adam McKay, Byron York, James Moore, Craig Crawford, Walter Shapiro, Deanne Stillman, and Tom Hayden on Rove-Plame. Plus, Danielle Crittenden on the Olympics, David Sirota on Britt Hume, Marc Cooper on Africa, Gene Stone on religion, and Paul Rieckhoff on our troops.permalink | comments07.09.2005 David CornUPDATE: The Newsweek story I described below is out. Reporter Michael Isikoff has obtained a copy of an email that Time magazine reporter Matt Cooper sent his bureau chief, Michael Duffy, on July 11, 2003--three days before conservative columnist Bob Novak first published the leak that outed CIA officer Valerie Wilson/Plame. In that email, Cooper wrote that he had spoken to Rove on \"double super secret background\" and that Rove had told him that Joseph Wilson\u0027s \"wife...apparently works at the agency on wmd issues.\" \"Agency\" means CIA. Read the full Newsweek piece here, and read the rest of this item for why it is so important.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Kenneth LererWhen Rove says he can\u0027t be quoted, he\u0027s not quoted. Period. He knows what he says will never ever come back to haunt him. Talk to the reporter. Say what he wants to. Move on to the next call. It\u0027s like talking to your psychiatrist or rabbi/priest: It\u0027s a private conversation never to be repeated. But now imagine if some of the things you said to your psychiatrist, rabbi/priest all of a sudden were to become public. Shit. Now you understand Rove\u0027s problem.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Rep. John ConyersIn the 90’s, there was a media uproar when literally accurate, but misleading, statements were made about a private sexual affair. Today, when such statements are made out a life and death matter -- the decision to go to war -- for a Nixonian purpose -- to smear truth-telling critics -- there is barely a peep from the press corps. In the days since Rove’s role became public, the White House press corps has yet to pose a question to the White House press secretary about it. Not a word about the disgusting hypocrisy of an Administration that came to office promising to “change the tone” in Washington now attacking a critic through his spouse.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 James P. RubinHaving always heard about the British behavior during the German bombing of London, the so-called “blitz,” I wondered what would happen today after news broke of the four bombs in the London subway and buses. Sure enough, there was no panic. There was even some stoic humor from the thousands who had to walk as public transportation ground to a halt. Of course, this was not the World Trade Center in scale, in scope, or in the horror. But still, it would have been easy for people to panic or evacuate the city. Instead just a mile from the bomb sites, normal life went on...permalink | comments07.07.2005 Jann WennerAmid all the optimism surrounding Blair, Bono \u0026 Geldolf doing Live 8 and G 8, and the award of that most wonderful and pacific of international institutions and global brotherhood -- the Olympics -- what a grim thing to have happened. Violence rarely gets us anywhere; the PLO, the IRA, the SLA, among others have achieved so little with their terrorism. If the London bombings are the work of an Al Qaeda offshoot, then you have to fairly say, in the same way we condemn other\u0027s terror, this is in part the result of Bush\u0027s War on Iraq.permalink | comments07.07.2005 Simon JenkinsNothing is achieved by responding to such terrorism in the way the terrorist most wants, by behaving differently. The terrorist most wants people to stop using the Tube. The terrorist wants tourists to stay away from the central area. The terrorist wants Londoners to remain at home, stop working, haul their children out of school. The terrorist wants shops and theatres to suffer, the Stock Market to crash, the Olympic spirit to fade. The terrorist wants everyone to feel perpetually terrorized, to look askance at every Arab faces and dress, to overreact, cut and run for cover from the world.permalink | comments07.08.2005 Mabel McKeownWhen I woke up this morning, I felt that the mood in London had changed quite dramatically in a positive way. My friend came over to the house, and we decided, in order to rid ourselves of the anger and confusion we were feeling, we were going to get dressed up in proper clothes and re-claim our city. I decided that a pink skirt and ballet shoes were just right to parade in, and we took the tubes and the buses through London. We made sure to avoid the side streets now and proudly walked along the bus routes, being sure to salute the buses, in a distinctly un-British, smiley, uninhibited manner. We took our city back and looked at the place just as we have always seen it, as our home and a place to be hugely proud of.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Bertis DownsWe have had an interesting week here in London, from the amazing experience that was Live 8 last week, to Wednesday\u0027s excitement accompanying the city\u0027s winning of the 2012 Summer Olympic Games, to the devastation and sadness of yesterday\u0027s tube and bus bombings. Yet, through it all, London goes on. It remains unshakable, confident, sprawling, determined. There is a spirit and a soul here not found in other places, a remarkable spirit that makes London so special and civilized, even when things go terribly wrong like yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Irshad ManjiThe London transit bombings happened on a Thursday. Islam\u0027s holiest day of the week is Friday. That\u0027s when the most important sermons -- known as khutbas -- are delivered in mosques everywhere. Assuming we\u0027re serious that Islam means peace, we must demand that our Friday khutbas denounce the London terrorist explosions in unambiguous and unqualified terms. Here\u0027s what I predict will happen instead. The preachers will express condolences for the victims and condemnations of the criminals. Then they\u0027ll add, \"But Britain should have never invited this kind of response by joining America in the invasion of Iraq.\"permalink | comments07.07.2005 Marty KaplanThe blanket coverage of London terrorism is a terrible blow to Nancy Grace, Arubans, meteorologists, shark specialists, sexual predator experts, Tom Cruise, creationists, anti-sodomites and all other culture warriors and whackball fear-mongers who until now have owned the media. Just when watching the news was finally beginning to feel the way it did in the summer of 2001 -- terrifying, and yet inconsequential -- the media have forced us to go cold-turkey on crapola.permalink | comments07.07.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellTwo years ago, when I first read the federal law protecting the identities of covert agents, my reaction was the same as everyone else who reads it -- this is not an easy law to break. But there is one very good reason to think Karl Rove might be indicted. It is buried in one of the handful of federal court opinions that have come down in the last year ordering Matt Cooper and Judy Miller to testify or go to jail. In February, Circuit Judge David Tatel wrote a 41-page opinion that has eight blank pages in the middle of it where he discusses the secret information the prosecutor has supplied only to the judges to convince them that the testimony he is demanding is worth sending reporters to jail to get. The gravity of the suspected crime is presumably very well developed in those redacted pages.permalink | comments07.06.2005 Arianna HuffingtonHow is it that the second most powerful man in America is about to take a fall and the mainstream media are largely taking a pass? Chatter about the Rove story has come to dominate the downtime at the Aspen Institute’s five-day Ideas Festival. One such discussion took place just after David Gergen had finished a conversation with Rick Warren, author of The Purpose-Driven Life. A cluster of high-powered media insiders quickly switched over to “The Gossip-Driven Reality.” The well-informed suppositions were flying faster than the peloton at the Tour de France...permalink | comments07.07.2005 Adam McKayNow as a white man of Irish descent my dance skills are decent at best. I can do the \"sway\" and the \"please-don\u0027t-dwell-on-me head bop.\" But I think I know the dance Rove is about to do as the Time Mag doc dump becomes public and Matt Cooper agrees to testify. Just throw your hands in the air...and wave ‘em like you just don\u0027t care!! \"It\u0027s a Liberal Conspiracy\"...huh, huh...bring that beat back....(record scratch-record scratch) Do y\u0027all wanna party!?permalink | comments07.07.2005 Byron YorkIf Cooper can indeed identify Rove as the criminal, why would Rove give his explicit OK for Cooper to talk? If Rove is guilty, these actions seem decidedly against his own interests in this case, and represent a marked change from the Clinton years, when figures in and around the administration formed a joint defense agreement, asserted novel and eventually discredited legal privileges, and sufferred terrible cases of memory loss before the grand jury. What is going on here?permalink | comments07.05.2005 James MooreThe simple, unavoidable truth is that Karl Rove orchestrated the leak of Valerie Plame\u0027s identity. No one who knows this man and has watched him work has any doubt that Rove came up with the idea of the leak and then set the plan in motion. Having watched him as he leaked, lied, obfuscated, and denied for political goals over the past 25 years, my own conviction of Rove\u0027s involvement is unwavering. He has a history of seeking revenge and the Texas landscape is cluttered with political cadavers he left behind before departing for the big show.permalink | comments07.06.2005 Craig CrawfordMemo to THE SOURCE(s): You are a pathetic coward to let two reporters go to jail -- possibly today -- to protect your outing of Valerie Plame as a CIA undercover agent, just so you could score petty political points against her husband, Bush critic Joe Wilson. Lucky for you, Matt Cooper and Judith Miller care about what\u0027s left of the First Amendment and the need for journalists to protect confidential sources, no matter how dirty the source\u0027s hands might be.permalink | comments07.06.2005 Walter ShapiroJoining the political fad to name legislation after the first names of innocent victims, I want to propose the “Matt and Judy Law.” The Matt and Judy Law would build on existing neighborhood-alert systems. Anyone living within a mile of a reporter who has resisted legal pressures to rat out sources would be legally informed of the arch fiend in their midst.permalink | comments07.09.2005 Seth GreenlandThe Cleveland Plain Dealer decided not publish two articles for fear of legal retribution by the government. So here is where we are now: a major American newspaper has been spooked into silence by a government that fears an informed citizenry. Meanwhle, the Plain Dealer is so jumpy about the situation in which they find themselves, no one there has even mentioned what the articles are about. I don\u0027t want to get into a not-since-Nixon rant but this is deeply alarming. The Miller/Cooper situation is casting a very long shadow.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Danielle CrittendenNEW YORK—Breaking her silence on New York’s failed bid to host the 2012 Olympics, Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) today blamed a “vast Euro conspiracy” for awarding the prize to London. “Obviously the committee was stacked with extremist judges,” Clinton said when stopped by reporters on her way to the Senate cafeteria. “What we have here is a vicious partisan attack. The [International Olympic] Committee is practicing the politics of municipal destruction.”permalink | comments07.09.2005 Rob McKayIn a matter of weeks, Bush is likely to nominate Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. The appointment of this staunchly conservative jurist, who’s also a self-proclaimed evangelical Christian, could be the best news the Democrats have heard since November 1st. In fact, getting Gonzales on the bench could be for us a power move.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 David SirotaMedia Matters points out that Fox News\u0027 top anchorman, Brit Hume, gave us a glimpse into just how cynical, greedy and disgusting the right-wing\u0027s outlook on the world is: \"My first thought when I heard - just on a personal basis, when I heard there had been this attack and I saw the futures this morning, which were really in the tank, I thought, \u0027Hmmm, time to buy.\u0027\" 7/7/05permalink | comments07.06.2005 Paul RieckhoffFrom the AP: \"Even though the Army appears likely to miss its goal of recruiting 80,000 new soldiers this year, it\u0027s ahead of the pace needed to reach its goal of convincing 64,162 soldiers ... to re-enlist by the end of the fiscal year Sept. 30.\" The irony here is that, in the short-term, this is actually a good trend for the Army. Fighting insurgencies requires seasoned, disciplined, mature troops who are able to make the tough decisions about when to kick in the door and when to knock. The problem will come in if the current recruiting drought continues into next year, and Basic Training classes continue to be undermanned. At some point, all of the blood will be squeezed out of the current stone, and there will be no new rocks to cultivate.permalink | comments07.06.2005 Marc CooperIt’s not what the President says that matters, but what he does. And what risks, what costs are he – and the American people— willing to take? Not very much it seems. This administration, and too many among us, are all for compassion, so long as there is no sacrifice involved.permalink | comments07.05.2005 Ari Rabin-HavtThe contrast Live 8 and the surrounding issues of global poverty create with the MTV culture is staggering. While most of the worlds population does not have enough to eat, the message of these reality shows is that with the right house, makeup, clothes, car (with the requisite 8 DVD players, smoothie machines and 20 inch rims) and with plastic surgery to look like a favorite celebrity, you too can be cool – and nothing is more important than that.permalink | comments07.08.2005 Eve EnslerDear America: I am longing to reach you -- crossing this river of indifference and consumption and denial. I am trying to find you, reaching out through the desperate limitations of words and descriptions, swimming through the rhetoric of terror and God. I need you to wake up. The house is on fire and you are still sleeping, lulled by the intoxication of smoke and mirrors. The fire is spreading, consuming the world. We are the arsonists. We will need each other to find our way out through the lies and haze. It will take our greatest imagination, courage and skill to subdue these flames.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/NASAAP/Metropolitan PoliceAP/Hadi MizbanAP/Courtesy of Steve Haddock, HOAFPHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Greg BakerAP/Joe CavarettaAPAFP/File","h1":"Newsweek Exclusive: Cooper\u0027s [Email] Began “Spoke To Rove On Double Super Secret Background”...",".title":"","h2":"Sunday RoundupExplosive New Rove Revelation Coming Soon? UPDATE: It\u0027s HereRove, Reporters, Psychiatrists, Rabbis, and PriestsWhat\u0027s Fair Game?The View from an American in LondonLondon: What a Grim Thing to Have HappenedLondon Is Not To Be Terrified by AnyoneReclaiming LondonThere Will Always Be A London, I HopeMuslims Face a Test TodayWhy Do Terrorists Hate Missing White Women?The One Very Good Reason Karl Rove Might Be IndictedRove-Plame: The Word from AspenKarl Rove Dusts Off His Dancin\u0027 ShoesCould Someone Please Explain...Karl and KarmaThe Plame Game\u0027s Secret CowardThe Matt and Judy LawShhh! Or else...NEW YORK’S FAILED OLYMPIC BID FAULT OF “VAST EURO CONSPIRACY” SENATOR CLINTON CHARGESThe Enemy of Our Enemy is Our Friend: Why Democrats Should Go Along with Gonzales on the Supreme CourtBrit Hume Goes On TV \u0026 Says He Wants to Profit Off the Terrorist AttackAn Insular Force?Bush In Africa: The Not So New No-Cost CompassionLive 8 vs. RealityPlease Don\u0027t Go Back to Sleep","h3":"HuffPost\u0027s Corn: Newsweek Docs Show Rove Leaked CIA Agent\u0027s Name...Dennis Closes In With 145 MPH Winds, To Have “Tremendous Impact”...Leaked Dossier: Al-Qaeda Recruiting Affluent Muslims From British Univ.\u0027s For Attacks...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"London Bombs Detonated Seconds Apart...Conservative Donor Privately Pledging $1M To Anti-Gonzales Campaign...N. Korea To Talk Nukes...Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep...US, Britain Mull Withdrawing 100,000 Troops From Iraq...Brooklyn Auditioning For Lead In TV, Film Production Industry...Bush Says Estate Tax Destroys Family Farms, It Affects 300 Total In US...Cleveland Newspaper Withholds Investigative Articles, Worried About Jail Time For Its Reporters...Deep Sea Red Light District...US Says Darfur Action Key To Ending US Sanctions...Play That Funky Air Guitar... At US ChampionshipsOnly One Bomber Believed Dead, Police Warn Of Second Attack…Leading Cardinal Suggesting Evolution Incompatible With Catholicism...McDonald’s Loses $490K AIDS Discrimination Case…Daredevil Skateboarder Jumps Great Wall...“By The Rich, For The Rich” Plum TV Airs In Hamptons, Nantucket...Aaron Brown On His Way Out?Bush Judges Already Shape Law...World Series Poker Champ To Take Home $7.5M...Parrot Savvier Than Human Toddlers, Grasps Concept Of Zero...Rehnquist Retirement Rumors Reach A Frenzy...Williams Sisters Vie For Role Of Bisexual Hooker…Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq...Federal Appeals Court Rules Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Unconstitutional...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 10 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 10 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG102004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/Metropolitan Police London Bombs Detonated Seconds Apart... in brief | comments Conservative Donor Privately Pledging $1M To Anti-Gonzales Campaign... in brief | comments N. Korea To Talk Nukes... in brief | comments Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep... in brief | comments AP/Hadi Mizban US, Britain Mull Withdrawing 100,000 Troops From Iraq... in brief | comments Brooklyn Auditioning For Lead In TV, Film Production Industry... in brief | comments Bush Says Estate Tax Destroys Family Farms, It Affects 300 Total In US... in brief | comments Cleveland Newspaper Withholds Investigative Articles, Worried About Jail Time For Its Reporters... in brief | comments AP/Courtesy of Steve Haddock, HO Deep Sea Red Light District... in brief | comments US Says Darfur Action Key To Ending US Sanctions... in brief | comments Play That Funky Air Guitar... At US Championships in brief | comments Only One Bomber Believed Dead, Police Warn Of Second Attack… in brief | comments Leading Cardinal Suggesting Evolution Incompatible With Catholicism... in brief | comments AFP McDonald’s Loses $490K AIDS Discrimination Case… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Greg Baker Daredevil Skateboarder Jumps Great Wall... in brief | comments “By The Rich, For The Rich” Plum TV Airs In Hamptons, Nantucket... in brief | comments Aaron Brown On His Way Out? in brief | comments Bush Judges Already Shape Law... in brief | comments AP/Joe Cavaretta World Series Poker Champ To Take Home $7.5M... in brief | comments Parrot Savvier Than Human Toddlers, Grasps Concept Of Zero... in brief | comments AP Rehnquist Retirement Rumors Reach A Frenzy... in brief | comments AFP/File Williams Sisters Vie For Role Of Bisexual Hooker… in brief | comments Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq... in brief | comments Federal Appeals Court Rules Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Unconstitutional... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":6,"second":43},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
