{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.04.2005 Arianna HuffingtonHere is how New York Times VP of corporate communications Catherine Mathis described Judy Miller this week: “Judy is an intrepid, principled, and Pulitzer-Prize winning journalist who has provided our readers with thorough and comprehensive reporting throughout her career.” Gee, Catherine, it looks like the Times and the board of The American Society of Journalists and Authors (ASJA) have very different definitions of “thorough and comprehensive” (let alone “intrepid” and “journalist”). The Society decided Tuesday to reverse an earlier decision to give its Conscience in Media award to Miller due to what ASJA president Jack El-Hai called “a feeling that Miller’s career, taken as whole, did not make her the best candidate for the award”. That’s like having a feeling that Rafael Palmeiro is not the best candidate for an Integrity in Sports award.A “thorough and comprehensive” look at Miller’s career reveals repeated examples of egregiously lousy reporting, a startling lack of objectivity, too-close-for-comfort relationships with dubious sources… and a penchant for far from thorough and comprehensive coverage. Leaving aside her well-documented buying of Ahmed Chalabi’s fabrications and fantasies, any rundown of Miller’s failings as a journalist has to include her “heard it from someone who heard it from someone” reporting on the WMD “silver bullet” scientist who turned out to be a dud -- and a sham...read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Eric BoehlertIn the August issue of VF, James Wolcott wrote, \"Mr. Media would be much happier if Iraq would go away.\" And how. The press, and particularly television, long ago grew bored of the unpleasant insurgency story. But yesterday\u0027s roadside bombing—the deadliest of the entire war, claiming the lives of 14 Marines—forced the story back to the forefront, although just barely. At one point yesterday at the top of the hour on MSNBC, news of slain Marines was slotted in as the day\u0027s third most important story. The prize for indifference though, goes to the Wall Street Journal. Because here\u0027s how many stories the national newspaper published today detailing Wednesday\u0027s attack on Marines: 0.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Rebecca PidgeonI was just in London making a movie for an Indian/British co production company. I saw old friends. We were grown up, but still we talked about classmates. Who had done well, who was a prostitute, who was in jail, who was dead. After several glasses of champagne, one chap brought up 9/11. He said how it had come to symbolize something in Britain, something that he couldn’t quite explain very well, but reading between the lines it sounded to me as if he meant, in headline form, “arrogant America gets come uppance.” In a haze of jet lag and alcohol, I suggested he had no idea what he was talking about and that perhaps maybe he shouldn’t be such an ass. Things are a bit of a blur from that point on.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Danielle CrittendenWACO, TX (AP)—Prisoners of Camp Crawford complain of small cells, poor meals, constant surveillance, and disrespectful—even disdainful—treatment from Presidential staff. “Thirty-three days in this hell-hole feels like thirty-three years,” said a bitter long-time White House correspondent. \"We’re all billeted into these crappy Waco motels—you know, the kind they hose down with antiseptic every day and you’ve got one lousy blanket which is made of recycled Coke bottles or something.\" A Fox News camera man agreed. “Basically you sit around in baking heat, bored out of your mind. How many times can you visit the ‘Texas Sports Hall of Fame’ or beat Nora O’Donnell at Scrabble? Nothing happens, except maybe when one of the staff summons you to watch the President pulling brush. After a few minutes, they pile you back into the buses, and that’s it. It’s torture.”read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Richard DawkinsCongratulations to Sam Harris on a characteristically brilliant broadside. His book, The End of Faith is one of those books that deserves to replace the Gideon Bible in every hotel room in the land. Articles like Harris\u0027s are valuable, not because they will change the minds of religious idiots like Bush or those who voted for him, but because they will have a \u0027consciousness-raising\u0027 effect upon the intelligent. There are millions of intelligent atheists out there who are too frightened to come out and admit it, because American society has allowed itself to drift into a state where religious mania has become the respectable norm.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Harry ShearerI’ve resisted writing about Lachlan Murdoch’s decision to leave the executive suite of the News Corporation until now because, like Lachlan’s dad, I’ve been “particularly saddened” by the development. Actually, Daniel Gross in Slate found that quote from Rupert’s weekend press release on the departure peculiar, alleging that Murdoch pere was not a man known for his emotions. On the contrary, I’d suggest he’s possessed of quite a few; the problem for outsiders may be that most of them are expressed in the keen, and requited, urge to nail someone’s penis to the floor.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Ingrid NewkirkSteve Johnson is the former director of a monkey Abu Ghraib headquartered in Vienna, Virginia, the world’s largest supplier of and user of animals in product tests -- the tests in which animals have everything from Viagra to septic tank cleaner pumped into their stomachs, smeared on their raw, shaved backs, shoved up their noses, and dropped into their eyes. Just as I find it incredible that Lynndie England, who can barely grasp the meaning of simple sentences, and that lout who sired her child, together masterminded the torture of prisoners in Iraq, so it is that the blame cannot stop with Covance’s staff, who were recently caught on videotape slamming test monkeys onto metal tables and into metal walls, screaming obscenities at them at eye level, and otherwise terrifying them.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Paul RieckhoffPaul Hackett would have been the first Iraq veteran elected to Congress. By nearly defeating a Republican in one of the nation’s most strongly Republican districts, Hackett proved that this isn’t really about politics after all. It’s about credibility, and Hackett’s got it. The headline in Wednesday\u0027s New York Times reads “Republican Edges Out Iraq Veteran for Congress.” It didn’t say Democrat, it said Veteran, because that’s what matters. Paul Hackett was just the tip of the iceberg. Now the scramble begins to recruit Iraq Veterans as candidates for both parties in 2006, and that’s just fine by me...read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 James MooreJournalism, like every craft and profession, needs to purge itself from time to time of diseased tissue. The failure of Miller and the mainstream media in general during the run up to the Iraqi invasion is certainly the perfect moment for introspection and rethinking over how reporters do their jobs. Miller was quoted as saying that it wasn\u0027t her job to analyze what the government is saying or doing; it was her responsibility to simply report it. Below is a narrative of how she did just that...read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Bill DiamondThere’s been a lot of speculation as to why young Lachlan Murdoch stepped down last Friday as News Corp.’s chief operating officer. In his column today in Variety, Brian Lowry suggests it may have been because of the \"towering shadow\" cast by his father, Rupert Murdoch, and Lachlan’s growing inability to get out from under it. Sure sounds reasonable to me. That’s why I feel sorry for my kids. Sure, right now I’m their can-do-no-wrong hero, the cheery, lighthearted guy who’ll do whatever it takes to make them laugh, even if it means sticking vegetables up my nose until I have to be taken to the emergency room or doing “the robot” to the latest 50 Cent cd. But what happens later, when they’re older? What’s it going to be like for them to spend the rest of their lives under my “towering shadow”?read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Patt MorrisonTo try to bring back a taste of my travels in France -- a morsel of bleu d\u0027Auvergne, Reblochon, Fougerus, my mouth waters just writing the names -- is to break U.S. law. I gave serious thought to brazening it out and smuggling some hot Epoisse through Customs, but what if the cheese-sniffing beagles sussed me out and pinned me to the ground and ferreted out my contraband fromage? I could have borne the prospect of being sent to cheese jail -- if Judy Miller can tough it out, so can I -- but they would have thrown away the cheese that I had sacrificed my freedom to keep, so what was the point?read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Dan PasternackOkay, bear with me, folks. This is the very first blog I’ve ever written. Actually, to be totally honest, it’s the second blog I’ve ever written. I tried my first one back when I signed up on Myspace.com. I did it on kind of a whim but all the kids were doing it. Besides, as an insomniac I tend to do a lot of writing at 4am. So that fateful morning I began pounding away on the keys like a man possessed. My stream of consciousness swelled to practically a raging river. I was on auto-blog! By sun-up, it was done. I sighed contentedly and then clicked “send”. So just imagine the sick feeling in the pit of my stomach when the error message suddenly appeared on my screen, thus flushing away my hours of work like so much cyber poo...read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Deepak ChopraOne of the most confusing aspects of quantum physics is the uncertainty principle and the observer effect. When Heisenberg first presented it to Einstein, he made the famous remark \"I don\u0027t believe God would play dice with the Universe.\" More recently Stephen Hawking made the statement, \"not only does God play dice with the Universe, sometimes throws the dice where you cannot find them.\" In essence, every act of observation transforms the Universe. Since observation cannot happen without interpretation, every interpretation becomes a reality...read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Charlie CrayMore than 70 million pounds of pesticides are sprayed onto America’s 30 million acres of lawns each year by companies like ChemLawn, who\u0027ve made the perfect lawn an icon more imporant than the white picket fence. The Massachusetts Toxics Action Center has launched a new campaign to make ChemLawn stop using toxic pesticides, offer its customers an organic lawn care program (like they do in Canada), disclose all the ingredients they do use, and stop using children to market their products.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Andrea Batista SchlesingerAccording to the latest report from the Commerce Department, the national savings rate in June was zero. Zero. According to a CNN Money report, “June was only the second month the rate was at zero since the monthly figure started being calculated in 1959.” Naturally, it’s a healthy thing for the economy when people spend their money. But the freeze in savings has long-term implications for the future of our middle class, and the future of the USA. Without savings, how do people retire? How do they cope with unexpected job loss or health crisis? What do people who are riding on the values of their homes to borrow against do when their houses aren\u0027t worth so much anymore?read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 David SirotaWashington Post reporter Dan Balz is one of the most intellectually impaired reporters working today. Balz has made a career parroting whatever Beltway conventional wisdom is out there, regardless of how polls show it is totally disconnected from reality. He regularly writes declarative statements that have literally no connection to anything other than what he and his insulated cocktail party friends have decided in a vacuum America believes. Balz today writes that Hillary Clinton\u0027s \"support for the invasion of Iraq when many rank-and-file Democrats opposed it show[s] her determination to overcome the party\u0027s historic weakness on national security.\" He just reports it as a fact, because he and his arrogant Beltway cabal decided it was fact.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Paul FeigWith the news that the NRA is urging its members to boycott Conoco because of its refusal to let employees keep guns in their cars in the company parking lot, several other groups have launched boycotts of their own: The Match Association is boycotting Unocal because of its \"unjust policy of not letting people light matches when they\u0027re filling up their cars with gasoline\" and the American Academy of Pediatrics is boycotting the Department of Transportation for \"not allowing babies to drive.\" Best of luck with your boycott, Wayne LaPierre! The workplace managers of the world salute you!read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Hooman MajdTehran, August 2nd-3rd. Tuesday was the last day of the eight year presidency of Hojatoleslam Seyed Mohammad Khatami, and he’s going out with a bang. Three bangs, actually: a bomb set off at the offices of British Airways and BP, and two bullets in the head of a prominent judge (who presided over the trial of dissident Akbar Ganji): he was shot by a motorcyclist as he left the Islamic Guidance judiciary building. This in the middle of what could be the biggest crisis in Iranian relations with the West since the hostage crisis of 1979, namely, the impending collapse of negotiations with the EU over Iran’s nuclear program.read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom mediabistro.comAP/Mark J. TerrillAP/Andy ManisAP/Jacob SilberbergAP/Al-Jazeera via APTNAP/Pablo Martinez MonsivaisAP/NASA TVHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Brian Branch PriceAP/John SmockFrom nypost.comFrom viacom.comFrom www.thesun.co.ukFrom news.independent.co.ukFrom yahoo.com","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"The Judy File: It Depends on What Your Definition of “Thorough and Comprehensive” IsHear No Evil...A Return to LondonConditions at Camp Crawford “shocking and inhumane” inmates complainComing Out Against Religious ManiaMurdoch Family ValuesWhy There’s Scant Hope for Progress in Animal Testing Under EPA Administrator Steve JohnsonJust the Tip of the Iceberg--Major Paul Hackett, USMCJudy and the Little Tubes of TerrorI Feel Sorry for My KidsFear Factor -- Fromage!As Easy As Falling Off A Blog (An Introduction)The Uncertainty PrincipalIs Your Lawn Safe?When There Used to Be a Middle Class in America...How Beltway-itis Rots Reporters Brains \u0026 Distorts America\u0027s Political DebateIt\u0027s \"Take Your Gun To Work\" Week! EVERY week!Don\u0027t Cry For Me, Iran","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Is Novak Losing It?Sen. Arlen Specter Attacks Novak...Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”...77% Of Americans Think Admin. Is Hiding Something Or Lying In Plame Investigation...27 Americans Killed In Iraq In Five Days…Al-Qaeda Vows More Attacks In New Tape…Roberts\u0027s Work “Absolutely Critical” On Landmark Gay Rights Case...Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire...NASA Says No Need For Another Spacewalk...Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth...Earth\u0027s Air Discovered On Moon…Martha Gets Three Extra Weeks...China To Freeze Out Foreign Media...GOP Rep. On Fiscal Restraint: “Republicans Don\u0027t Even Pretend Anymore”...New Anti-Terrorism Guidelines: “Aim For The Head”...Admin. Flip-Flops On “War On Terror” Terminology...“Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.”3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War....Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe...McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir...“I Want My Boobs Back”...Passengers Sue NYC Over Subway Searches...Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye...Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway PrisonEU Declares Cleavage Hazardous…Gay TV Network Now Tackles Music...Viacom\u0027s 2Q Earnings Flat But Revenue Up 10%...London Bombers Used Commonly Available Products For Explosives...Tube Terror Video Game Sickens Londoners...Ice Shelf Collapse Biggest In 10,000 Years...Howard Stern Uncensored Comes To On-Demand TV...Yahoo Uses Music To Take On Google\u0027s Search Dominance...OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 5 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 5 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP52004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Is Novak Losing It? From mediabistro.com in brief | comments Sen. Arlen Specter Attacks Novak... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”... in brief | comments AP/Andy Manis 77% Of Americans Think Admin. Is Hiding Something Or Lying In Plame Investigation... in brief | comments AP/Jacob Silberberg 27 Americans Killed In Iraq In Five Days… in brief | comments AP/Al-Jazeera via APTN Al-Qaeda Vows More Attacks In New Tape… in brief | comments Roberts\u0027s Work “Absolutely Critical” On Landmark Gay Rights Case... in brief | comments AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire... in brief | comments NASA Says No Need For Another Spacewalk... AP/NASA TV in brief | comments Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth... in brief | comments Earth\u0027s Air Discovered On Moon… in brief | comments Martha Gets Three Extra Weeks... in brief | comments China To Freeze Out Foreign Media... in brief | comments GOP Rep. On Fiscal Restraint: “Republicans Don\u0027t Even Pretend Anymore”... in brief | comments New Anti-Terrorism Guidelines: “Aim For The Head”... in brief | comments Admin. Flip-Flops On “War On Terror” Terminology... in brief | comments “Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.” in brief | comments 3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War.... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe... in brief | comments AP/Brian Branch Price McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir... in brief | comments AP/John Smock “I Want My Boobs Back”... in brief | comments Passengers Sue NYC Over Subway Searches... in brief | comments From nypost.com Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye... in brief | comments Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway Prison in brief | comments EU Declares Cleavage Hazardous… in brief | comments Gay TV Network Now Tackles Music... in brief | comments From viacom.com Viacom\u0027s 2Q Earnings Flat But Revenue Up 10%... in brief | comments London Bombers Used Commonly Available Products For Explosives... in brief | comments From www.thesun.co.uk Tube Terror Video Game Sickens Londoners... in brief | comments From news.independent.co.uk Ice Shelf Collapse Biggest In 10,000 Years... in brief | comments Howard Stern Uncensored Comes To On-Demand TV... in brief | comments From yahoo.com Yahoo Uses Music To Take On Google\u0027s Search Dominance... in brief | comments OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050805000405,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
