{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.03.2005 Arianna HuffingtonIt’s a red, white, and blue Monday on the HuffPost and to celebrate we’ve got a great collection of very independence-minded Fourth of July posts… and, from me, a look at Sunday’s Meet the Press, which, in contrast, was another example of the congealed, inside-the-Beltway conventional wisdom. The show opened with Senators Arlen Specter and Patrick Leahy, the ranking members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talking about the upcoming Supreme Court fight -- and offered a preview of how the Washington press is going to cover the nomination fight: as a story about rhetoric and process rather than about the rights and freedoms at stake (guest host Andrea Mitchell was very concerned that the rhetoric would get “heated up”).But pray tell me, if Bush picks a right-wing zealot, is anyone going to be saying in five years, “Sure, Justice so-and-so has been a disaster for the country, but at least the rhetoric during his nomination wasn’t overheated”? During the civil rights movement, there was a lot of overheated rhetoric -- some of it from those struggling for equal rights and some of it from those fighting to maintain Jim Crow. It wasn’t all the same then, and it’s not all the same now. It turns out one side was right and one side was wrong.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Christopher GuestIn my family, the tradition of the Fourth of July is a cherished memory. While my father read aloud from P.G. Wodehouse, my mother supervised the children as we colored pictures of Sacco and Vanzetti that had been traced from a magazine. Today, my family and I blend in, I suppose. The morning of the Fourth we watch The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (subtitled) and then take a walk in the woods to a secret spot where a feast is prepared for our imaginary friends. As the embers fade from our campfire, each of us takes a turn speaking, singing or acting out his or her fondest memories of the day. It is comforting to know that my children will one day look back at this new tradition and realize that they know the real meaning of being an American.permalink | comments07.03.2005 Trey EllisThe founding fathers were this nation’s first liberals. This is our holiday. If the conservatives had had their way back in 1776 then Tony Blair would now be leading George Bush around by the nose instead of the other way around. (Wait, come to think of it, that wouldn’t be such a bad thing.) Despite its despicable treatment of my people I love my country, and I believe that it is our moral responsibility as the only ones who can, to encourage freedom and democracy throughout the globe.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Danielle CrittendenThe Red State 4th of July: Flag on display: The Stars and Stripes. What they’re celebrating this year: Kerry’s loss. What they’ll argue about: Whether Bush is doing a good job making the case for Iraq or it’s the liberal media’s fault for all the negative reporting. The Blue State 4th of July: Flag on display: Festive seasonal flag with summer theme. What they’re celebrating this year: Bush’s poll numbers. What they’ll argue about: Which news is being suppressed more by the right-wing media: the shocking revelations of the Downing Street memo, or the truth about global warming.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Cheryl SabanAs we shield our ears from the loud pops of the fireworks, many of us will be thinking about the fact that our democracy -- our freedom -- was hard won and certainly not free, and that we continue to pay a high price for it both here and abroad. As the mother of four, and an aging hippie-peacenik, I\u0027ll be thinking of our young men and women in the Armed Forces when I watch those fireworks. How do we honor them?read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Paul FeigHere is how I plan to spend this patriotic weekend: I am going to try to figure out what it is that all of us, as both Americans and human beings, have in common -- liberals, conservatives, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Libertarians, Socialists, Communists, and any other political and ideological groups you can think of. What is it we can all agree upon that we believe and that, most importantly, we want? Because I\u0027m convinced that all of us are after the same things in this life...permalink | comments07.04.2005 Rep. Jim McDermottAll across the country today, Americans will celebrate our independence. There will be no shortage of festivities, but there will be a shortage of freedom for one American soldier, Sergeant Carlos Lazo from Seattle, the city I represent in Congress. Carlos left a place where they told him what to do and now finds himself in a place where they tell him what he cannot do. An American citizen, father and decorated war hero is prohibited by his own government from traveling to Cuba to visit his two children. That is not what America is all about.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Jerry and Joe LongIf we had one wish for the 4th of July, it would be that out on The Mall in Washington DC, the statues of Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson would slowly creak to life. Creak to life, almost imperceptibly at first, the way statues do in those Ray Harryhausen movies. Then, with leisured dignity, the statues of Lincoln and Jefferson would walk down from their memorials...and go on a rampage of retribution and vengeance.permalink | comments07.02.2005 David Corn\"Who\u0027s in charge of America?\" That was my nearly-six-year-old asking me this question. \"What do you mean?\" I inquired. \"Well, who\u0027s in charge of America in Takoma Park?\" She was referring to our town, which borders Washington, DC, in Maryland. I still was wondering what she had in mind, and I\u0027ve learned as a parent not to give answers until I fully understand the question and -- just as important -- why it is being asked. \"Why do you want to know?\" I said. \"I want to make a birthday card for America,\" she said.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Seth GreenlandIn reflecting upon the fast-approaching Fourth of July holiday, I was struck by the poisonous litany of negativity the task conjured within me. The onset of George W. Bush is moving us toward becoming a country very different from the one in which I grew up. Here\u0027s a handy list with which I tracked the incremental but sinister changes afoot as the merrymaking approaches.permalink | comments07.01.2005 Jesse KornbluthOn July 4th, when we\u0027re being asked to salute a flag that some of us believe our leaders have dirtied and bloodied, it\u0027s good to cheer our remarkable nation and pray that the torch in New York harbor is never snuffed out. But let\u0027s set aside the smugness that so often accompanies good fortune. Let\u0027s remember the fundamental proposition of our democracy --- equal rights for everyone --- and take a minute to ponder how we can keep that light burning.permalink | comments07.03.2005 Deepak ChopraIs it nature or nurture? Is it body or mind? Is it biological organism or environment? Is the universe particle-like or wavelike? These endless debates should come to an end. A single reality differentiates into cognition (how we think), emotions and moods (how we feel), perception, behavior, biological function, environment, social interactions, interactions with nature\u0027s forces, and personal relationships. More and more, people are understanding that that single reality is consciousness itself, the ground of being.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Bree WalkerLike a rogue tsunami, a rogue migraine arrives in waves, alternately searing, squeezing, throbbing, burning, knife-stabbing inside the skull. It\u0027s a ten on the ten-point ER pain scale. And one trauma doctor told me this weekend that one in every twelve emergency patients in his hospital is there with a migraine.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Jim LampleyMuch of what you see in the ER setting on a weekend like this confirms in detail what you already know: that the trauma room is inherently intense and challenging, that triaging emergency cases into some logical order of priority is a nightmarishly inexact and unsatisfying science, that people are sometimes at their worst when they are hurting and the people who deal with them have to steel themselves to accommodate that. There\u0027s a war on between administrators, who have adopted a necessary veneer, and patients and their companions who want to be treated NOW.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Chellie PingreeCanada, like virtually every other country in the world, negotiates with the pharmaceutical manufacturers to set a reasonable selling price for medications in their country. And, if your home is in a border state like mine (Maine), the contrast is striking. I have “ridden the bus” to Canada more than once with a group of seniors. For some of them the ride is six to eight hours long, but filling their prescriptions at a Canadian pharmacy can be well worth the trip -- and, for a growing number of Americans, the only way to get what they need.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Martin J. SherwinIn December the administration will award a bloated contract to either Bechtel, or Lockheed Martin. One of these defense firms is about to reap a bonanza many orders of magnitude greater than the Great $100,000 Coffee Pot Scandal. The University of California has been managing the $2.1 billion Los Alamos National Laboratory under an annual $8.7 million contract. The defense contractors will receive a management fee of between $63 million and $79 million a year to do the same job. Los Alamos, Inc. is about to become a reality.read whole post | permalink | comments07.03.2005 Richard ValerianiThe Supreme Court rules two reporters must go to jail for not revealing sources in the outing of a CIA agent. The columnist who actually revealed her name, Robert Novak, goes free. Jon Stewart refers to Novak as a \"douche bag.\" Not right, Jon--unfair to douche bags. The Court also says the Ten Commandments can be publicly displayed in certain circumstances. The bad news? Adultery is still included.read whole post | permalink | comments07.02.2005 Jay RosenIn an presidential election, we at least have a theory. The voters are the target, the messages are designed to frighten or outrage or motivate them, and if it works more voters will on election day pick your guy. Political choice and the media campaign connect in a way we can roughly grasp. In the Supreme Court selection, the voters will again be the target, the messages will again be designed to frighten or outrage or motivate them, and if it works... then what? What is the person successfully frightened, outraged or motivated in Peoria supposed to do? Call Arlen Specter\u0027s office with demands? He doesn\u0027t even represent Peoria!read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"Rove Stays Mum...",".title":"","h2":"Russert Watch: It\u0027s All About the ComityCelebrating the FourthI Want Us to Be the Good Guys AgainA Red, White and Blue State 4th of JulyIn Honor of Our Country\u0027s IndependenceHow I Plan To Spend the 4th of JulyFreedom on the 4th of JulyA 4th of July WishA Birthday Card for AmericaHappy July 4thThe Two Lady LibertiesThe Endless DebateRogue MigraineNotes From a Weekend in the ERCanada Cozies Up to Big PharmaPrivatizing Our National SecurityNews of the WeekThe Production of Innocence and News of a Vacancy on the Court","h3":"Growing “Concern” In The White House That The Prosecutor Is Interested In Rove…BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Missing U.S. Commando Rescued…Moderate Christians: ‘Since When Was God Pro-War And Pro-Rich?’…Top al-Qaida Leader Killed…U.S. Govt. AIDS Researchers In ‘Turf Battles’…Legislation ‘Takes A Wrecking Ball To The Whole Endangered Species Act’…GOP\u0027s Hagel Says \u0027Democrats Are Better Because They Are Honest\u0027...Conservative Groups Rally Against Gonzales As JusticeIraq Aid Diverted To Units Accused Of Torture...Frist Withdraws Previous Support Of Stem Cell Research…Nader Aide Pleads Guilty To Election Fraud…Iraq\u0027s U.N. Ambassador Claims U.S. Marines Killed His Cousin In \u0027Cold Blood\u0027...‘The Greatest Concert Ever\u0027‘As Of Now, I Think We Have A Completely Different Understanding Of Our Solar System’…$40K For First-Year Teachers…Iran Warns Europe Of U.S.-Israeli ‘Zionist Media’…Egyptian Ambassador To Iraq Kidnapped…Hong Kong The Next Hollywood?...Bush Discussing How To Write His Life Story...Mysterious Eruption Off Japanese Coast…The New, Tattooed Workforce…Govt. Seals $7.2B Worth Of ‘Secret’ Documents…Wimbledon Threepeat…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 4 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 4 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG42004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Missing U.S. Commando Rescued… in brief | comments Moderate Christians: ‘Since When Was God Pro-War And Pro-Rich?’… in brief | comments Top al-Qaida Leader Killed… in brief | comments U.S. Govt. AIDS Researchers In ‘Turf Battles’… in brief | comments Legislation ‘Takes A Wrecking Ball To The Whole Endangered Species Act’… in brief | comments GOP\u0027s Hagel Says \u0027Democrats Are Better Because They Are Honest\u0027... in brief | comments Conservative Groups Rally Against Gonzales As Justice in brief | comments Iraq Aid Diverted To Units Accused Of Torture... in brief | comments Frist Withdraws Previous Support Of Stem Cell Research… in brief | comments Nader Aide Pleads Guilty To Election Fraud… in brief | comments Iraq\u0027s U.N. Ambassador Claims U.S. Marines Killed His Cousin In \u0027Cold Blood\u0027... comments ‘The Greatest Concert Ever\u0027 in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette ‘As Of Now, I Think We Have A Completely Different Understanding Of Our Solar System’… in brief | comments $40K For First-Year Teachers… in brief | comments Iran Warns Europe Of U.S.-Israeli ‘Zionist Media’… in brief | comments Egyptian Ambassador To Iraq Kidnapped… in brief | comments Hong Kong The Next Hollywood?... in brief | comments Bush Discussing How To Write His Life Story... in brief | comments Mysterious Eruption Off Japanese Coast… in brief | comments The New, Tattooed Workforce… in brief | comments Govt. Seals $7.2B Worth Of ‘Secret’ Documents… in brief | comments Wimbledon Threepeat… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050704083316,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
