{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Ron Edmonds07.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonI’m leaving for a three-week trip to Europe, from where I’ll keep blogging and sending regular reports on the coalition of the willing -- and the disgruntled. Although this might sound strange, this has already been one of the best political summers of my life… all because of what’s been going on in the West Wing. No, not the real West Wing -- even though the unraveling of Rove is fun to watch -- but that other West Wing, the one created by Aaron Sorkin. Specifically, my 16-year-old daughter Christina has become obsessed with the show, devouring the first five seasons on DVD and tapes.So this summer has featured lots of dinner table talk about politics. But instead of questions like “Is Rove going to be indicted?”, I get: “Mom, do people really talk like this in the White House?” I hated to break it to her but, sadly, a conversation between Karl Rove and Scott McClellan is almost guaranteed not to be as clever as one between Josh and C.J. And because it’s The West Wing through the eyes of a 16 year-old, you get takes you’re not going to get from the New York Times television critic. For instance, one night Christina said, “You know what? When I watch The O.C. all I think about is my weight, but when I watch The West Wing I don’t care.” Which explains the box of Cocoa Puffs next to her bed! So, parents, you want a role model for your teen-aged girl? Give her C.J. Cregg not The O.C.\u0027s Julie Cooperread whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Mark JosephThe Wall Street Journal weighed in last week with this piece. What else has to happen before Democrats throw this issue out the window and get back to winning elections? If I were Howard Dean I\u0027d do more than have the party platform go neutral on this subject. I\u0027d offer each Democratic couple that brings a child to term a check for $500.read whole post | permalink07.12.2005 Sandy FrankIn the war on terror our opponent is not a state, and this has raised a huge problem for those of us who want to end the war – and the killing – as quickly as possible: we don’t have anyone to surrender to. Immediately after 9/11, we could conceivably have surrendered to either Saudi Arabia – source of most of the suicide hijackers – or Afghanistan – harborer of mastermind Osama bin Laden. But the Saudis disclaimed any connection and, in the case of Afghanistan, the administration predictably squandered the opportunity and attacked. We then compounded our problem by attacking Iraq. Perhaps we were hoping to surrender to them, but any hope of that vanished when they cleverly surrendered to us first.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Rep. John ConyersVice Presidential Nominee Dick Cheney, August 2, 2000: “They will offer more lectures, and legalisms, and carefully worded denials. We offer another way -- a better way -- and a stiff dose of truth.” White House Press Spokesman Scott McClellan, July 11, 2005: \"Q: Do you want to retract your statement that Rove, Karl Rove, was not involved in the Valerie Plame expose? McClellan: I appreciate the question. This is an ongoing investigation at this point. The president directed the White House to cooperate fully with the investigation, and as part of cooperating fully with the investigation, that means we\u0027re not going to be commenting on it while it is ongoing.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Paul RieckhoffThis week, the President and Congress are faced with a choice to stand either with or against our Veterans. The Bush Administration recently admitted that they miscalculated the health care costs for Veterans of the War on Terror by at least $1 billion this year and $3 billion next year. That means four out of five returning Veterans could be turned away from care at the V.A. Well, now there\u0027s something you can do about it...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Cenk UygurThe media absolutely savaged Bill Clinton at every turn, for what now appears to be laughably innocuous matters. They even made a scandal out of his haircuts for God’s sake. Now, they can’t seem to gather up the courage to challenge this administration on the most egregious crimes, transgressions and salacious scandals. A haircut at the airport is a big story when it comes to President Clinton but torture at Bagram Air Base is barely covered for President Bush.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Bill DiamondWhat did Rove really do that\u0027s so gosh darn bad? As far as I can tell, all he’s being accused of is talking to a reporter about a woman who “apparently works” at the CIA. Uh, hello -- am I the only one who can read English here? Last time I checked a dictionary, the word “apparently” meant... hang on, I’m looking this up... thumb, thumb, thumb... okay, here it is: “apparently” means “as far as one knows or can see”. The dictionary also goes on to say that “apparently” is a word often “used by speakers and writers to avoid committing themselves to the truth ofwhat they are saying”. Ahem. Well, why don’t we just skip past that point...read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonMexican President Vicente Fox’s no show at the NAACP’s invite to address its annual convention could be chalked up in part to ethnic callousness, and perhaps in bigger part to a belief that now that Hispanics have become a growing economic and political force in the United States, there is no need to engage in dialogue with black organizations. If that’s the case, Fox is wrong, dead wrong. His blunder in dragging blacks into the debate on illegal immigration, his passionate defense of a Mexican racist commemorative stamp, his arrogant knock at black activists for protesting the stamp, and the tense and in some cases violent clashes between blacks and Latinos in some American cities, are urgent reasons to engage in that dialogue.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Hooman MajdIn the wake of the London bombings, George Bush said: “The terrorists know they can’t defeat us on the battlefield.” Umm. I’m not so sure about that, Prez. Which terrorists are you talking about? If it’s the ones in Iraq, the ones in the insurgency, I think they do believe they can defeat us on the battlefield. It’s their field, and they have all the advantages. Remember the Vietcong? No, of course not; those were your fuzzy years.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 David SirotaRoll Call describes Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer as a \"blunt-speaking, gun-toting, scotch-swilling governor\" who has attracted a lot of support for his willingness to ask the tough questions. Schweitzer understands that, especially when we are bogged down in a seemingly endless war, Americans want their political leaders to demand honest answers from the powers-that-be. For the sake of this country\u0027s national security, let\u0027s hope more politicians of both parties follow suit.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Paul KrassnerGeorge Bush promised that he would fire the leaker. Now that Karl Rove has been revealed as the leaker, what will Bush do? Obviously, he\u0027ll ask Karl Rove what to do.permalink | comments07.11.2005 Rep. Diane WatsonThe American public is quickly coming to its senses about the utility of our forces in Iraq and our open-ended commitment - with no ending in site. $200 billion later, Osama Bin Laden is still on the run while Iraq serves as a magnet for a new generation of jihadists. The bottom line is that our Iraq policy has become a festering wound that bleeds away more and more of America\u0027s wealth, America\u0027s security, America\u0027s leadership, and America\u0027s young men and women in uniform.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Deepak ChopraChristof Koch, one of the world\u0027s leading neuroscientists, believes that consciousness is distinctly physical. According to Dr. Koch, consciousness can be described by existing neurological theories and he’s on the way to figuring it out. As I was reading the article, I wondered why no one would see the obvious, that both Christof Koch and his consciousness and the consciousness that he is seeking to understand are simultaneous interdependently co-arising activities of the total universe. Consciousness is observing itself!read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Andrea Batista SchlesingerStephen Minarik, head of New York State’s GOP, and Bill Cunningham, a Republican operative, have made it their personal mission to undermine the credibility of the Drum Major Institute for Public Policy, a progressive think tank founded during the civil rights movement. Their claim: DMI is in cahoots with Fernando Ferrer, a former DMI President and the perceived frontrunner for the Democratic nomination to challenge Mayor Michael Bloomberg in the fall. Our real crime: Threatening the status quo.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Danielle CrittendenJust when you think the summer couldn’t get worse for Hollywood, Paramount has announced that Oliver Stone will be directing the first major feature film about 9/11. As always, the Huffington Post is first with the scoop. We have obtained pages from the super-secret script….read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Rep. Ted PoeBy what legal authority do justices of our Supreme Court use foreign world tribunals, global norms, and the philosophy of European elites in making decisions that affect the citizens of the United States? As a former felony court judge in Houston, Texas for over 20 years, I used the Constitution and made decisions that affected real people – defendants, victims, and the community. I took the same oath as our Supreme Court justices and never rendered a ruling based upon the sentiments of another nation. I determined whether individuals should lose their property, liberty, and freedom. On occasion, my decisions even resulted in those individuals forfeiting their lives. Nonetheless, every ruling was rooted in the United States Constitution.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Eric BoehlertReturning from a week off of summer R\u0026R, ABC\u0027s The Note, the agenda-setting daily tip sheet for the Beltway press class, today summarizes what\u0027s \"consuming\" the so-called Gang of 500. And wouldn’t you know it, the embarrassing outing of Karl Rove as Matt Cooper\u0027s CIA source is not among today\u0027s approved hot topics.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Charles DharapakAP/ Andrew StuartAP/Dave MartinFrom NEWS.com.auJohn Ritter/NYTAP/Keith SrakocicAP/Hasan SarbakhshianFrom media.ford.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From tv.yahoo.comMSNBCAP/Daniel HulshizerAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Frank Franklin IIReuters/Ahmad Masood","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"“Has Karl Rove Become A Liability To The President”...Summer of LoveIs Abortion Turning Blue States Red?The Stateless EnemyCompare and ContrastNew Print Ad: Mr. President, You\u0027re Either With Us or Against UsThe Indisputable Media BiasA Simple RequestFox Blew It With NAACP SnubOpportunity Not RefusedA \"Blunt-Speaking, Gun-Toting\" Democrat With the Guts to Ask the Tough QuestionsQuickieIraq: $200 Billion LaterConsciousness is Observing Itself and Everything Physical is Really Non PhysicalWar of the Worldviews – The GOP Takes on Progressive Think TanksOLIVER STONE\u0027S 9/11Has the Supreme Court Lost its Way?Noted at ABC","h3":"TROUBLE AT THE WHITE HOUSE: “You\u0027re In A Bad Spot Here, Scott”...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"British Police Make Arrest In Bombings Probe, Suspect Suicide Mission...South Korea Offers Energy If North Dismantles Nukes...Space Shuttle Damaged On Launch Pad…Santorum Not Welcome In Boston...“The Public Has Moved To The Internet”...Super-Intelligent Monkeys Ignite Controversy…Musical Hallucinations… “It\u0027s Driving Me Bonkers To Be Quite Honest”Pentagon Hints At Timetable For Withdrawal From Iraq…National Guard Misses Recruiting Goal Again, Now 19,000 Short…Some Curry A Day May Keep Skin Cancer Away...Parkinson’s Drugs May Lead To Compulsive Gambling…Santorum Evades Paying Charter School Tutition...“Our Nation Does Not Accept Imposed Relations,” Warns Iranian President…Ford Goes Online To Sell New Hybrid SUV...BBC Edits Reports To Avoid Labeling Bombers “Terrorists”…ABC News vs. Fox NewsRacial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”…MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby...Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back…...“We Reserve The Right To Evangelize The Unchurched”...“Your Brain Can Only Perform So Many Tasks At Once”...Sen. Specter Questions “Propriety” Of Public Broadcasting Chief Tomlinson...Scientists, Philosophers Hold Atlantis Conference In Greece..Don Imus Sued By “One Of The Worst Doctors In The World”…Hotels Overcharge Corporate Travelers Over $500M A Year...Claims Of A Kiddie Ghostwriter…Manhunt Continues For Escaped Terrorist Suspects","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 12 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 12 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG122004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/ Andrew Stuart British Police Make Arrest In Bombings Probe, Suspect Suicide Mission... in brief | comments South Korea Offers Energy If North Dismantles Nukes... in brief | comments AP/Dave Martin Space Shuttle Damaged On Launch Pad… in brief | comments Santorum Not Welcome In Boston... in brief | comments “The Public Has Moved To The Internet”... in brief | comments From NEWS.com.au Super-Intelligent Monkeys Ignite Controversy… in brief | comments John Ritter/NYT Musical Hallucinations… “It\u0027s Driving Me Bonkers To Be Quite Honest” in brief | comments Pentagon Hints At Timetable For Withdrawal From Iraq… in brief | comments National Guard Misses Recruiting Goal Again, Now 19,000 Short… in brief | comments Some Curry A Day May Keep Skin Cancer Away... in brief | comments Parkinson’s Drugs May Lead To Compulsive Gambling… in brief | comments AP/Keith Srakocic Santorum Evades Paying Charter School Tutition... in brief | comments AP/Hasan Sarbakhshian “Our Nation Does Not Accept Imposed Relations,” Warns Iranian President… in brief | comments From media.ford.com Ford Goes Online To Sell New Hybrid SUV... in brief | comments BBC Edits Reports To Avoid Labeling Bombers “Terrorists”… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette ABC News vs. Fox News in brief | comments From tv.yahoo.com Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”… in brief | comments MSNBC MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby... in brief | comments Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back… in brief | comments ...“We Reserve The Right To Evangelize The Unchurched”... in brief | comments AP/Daniel Hulshizer “Your Brain Can Only Perform So Many Tasks At Once”... in brief | comments Sen. Specter Questions “Propriety” Of Public Broadcasting Chief Tomlinson... in brief | comments Scientists, Philosophers Hold Atlantis Conference In Greece.. in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite Don Imus Sued By “One Of The Worst Doctors In The World”… in brief | comments Hotels Overcharge Corporate Travelers Over $500M A Year... in brief | comments AP/Frank Franklin II Claims Of A Kiddie Ghostwriter… in brief | comments Reuters/Ahmad Masood Manhunt Continues For Escaped Terrorist Suspects in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":29,"second":41},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
