{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/LM Otero08.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe right wing attacks on Cindy Sheehan -- desperate, pathetic, and grasping at straws -- expose much less about their target than about the attackers. I mean, trying to slime a grieving Gold Star mom because she is inconveniently questioning the reasons her son was sent off to die in Iraq? Why that would be like trashing a much-decorated war hero or outing an undercover CIA agent… Oh, right. How much longer can the Bushies get away with mauling the very values they profess to stand for before their supporters start getting wise to the fact that the only value they really value is power?After the Cindy as Flip-Flopper story was revealed as a very poorly done hatchet job, a second load of sludge was quickly dumped: the ludicrous statement from the (ahem) “Sheehan Family” condemning Cindy’s “political motivations and publicity tactics”. Where do I start with this piece of manufactured offal? The only name attached to the “Sheehan Family” statement belongs to Cherie Quartarolo who describes herself as Casey’s aunt and godmother. So did I miss something? Since when does godmother outrank mother? What I really want to know is: how does Casey’s second-cousin-twice-removed feel about Cindy’s vigil? How about his ex-brother-in-law’s cleaning lady?read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Cindy SheehanStill putting out the O\u0027Reilly fires of me being a traitor and using Casey\u0027s name dishonorably, my in-laws sent out a press statement disagreeing with me in strong terms; which is totally okay with me, because they barely knew Casey. We have always been on separate sides of the fence politically and I have not spoken to them since the election when they supported the man who is responsible for Casey\u0027s death. The thing that matters to me is that our family -- Casey\u0027s dad and my other 3 kids are on the same side of the fence that I am.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Walter ShapiroThe moment that Hadley -- the top geopolitical advisor to the Most Powerful Man on This Planet -- spent 45 minutes with Sheehan, it became impossible to credibly dismiss her as a publicity-seeking nutcase rendered irrational by grief. The president\u0027s national security advisor is far too important to waste nearly an hour on missions of mercy to looney-tunes protesters. Do you think the foreign minister of Latvia would get 45 minutes with Hadley, even if he flew unannounced to Crawford?read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Ari BermanThe prominence of Democratic party leaders like Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton who support the US occupation of Iraq presents the Democrats with an odd dilemma. At a time when the American people are turning against the Iraq War and favor a withdrawal of US troops, why are the leading Democratic presidential candidates for \u002708 unapologetic war hawks? It\u0027s more than a little ironic that the people who got Iraq so wrong continue to tell the Democrats how to get it right.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Paul RieckhoffHow many times can we make the same mistake? We went to war without sufficient planning for logistics, supply throughput, or even spare parts availability...apparently, we\u0027ve decided to make the Iraqis go through the same \"character-building\" experience. Now consider DoD\u0027s current plans to outsource much of their logistics support chain to private companies (because it\u0027s more efficient, of course), and it becomes apparent that if the lunatics are not fully in control of the asylum, they\u0027re at least writing the rulebooks...read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Russ BakerThe Times reports: \"Senior Pentagon officials have opposed the release of photographs and videotapes of the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, arguing that they would incite public opinion in the Muslim world and put the lives of American soldiers and officials at risk.\" Well, no kidding. Certainly, these photos might indeed incite adverse reaction abroad. But they might also incite adverse reaction in places like Topeka, Kansas, and Tupelo, Mississippi. In other words, the fundamentalist base that is so crucial to the administration\u0027s faltering support might not much like these photos either.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Alex KeyssarFor those of us of a certain age, it\u0027s hard not to be reminded of the mother\u0027s marches against the Vietnam war in the 1960s; busloads of middle-aged women were alot harder to dismiss (or denigrate) than shaggy haired radical protestors. Those mothers marches made a difference, contributing to the swelling of popular opposition to the war. If there were a military draft now, I suspect that President Bush would be encountering protesting mothers every time he appeared in public. As the war drags on, with no end in sight and more casualties every day, that might end up happening anyway.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Cenk UygurCindy Sheehan has been characterized as a flip-flopper, accused of putting on a public circus, lambasted as a publicity seeking grandstander and criticized for not truly speaking for her family since an aunt and a godmother Matt Drudge found somewhere in the Sheehan family disagrees with her. The conservative attack machine is in high gear in the efforts to tear this woman down. That made me think of how it would have been in the Civil Rights era if Fox News Channel, Rush Limbaugh, Matt Drudge and the rest of the gang were around back then...read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Cindy SheehanThis is George Bush\u0027s accountability moment. That\u0027s why I\u0027m here. The mainstream media aren\u0027t holding him accountable. Neither is Congress. So I\u0027m not leaving Crawford until he\u0027s held accountable. It\u0027s ironic, given the attacks leveled at me recently, how some in the media are so quick to scrutinize -- and distort -- the words and actions of a grieving mother but not the words and actions of the president of the United States. But now it\u0027s time for him to level with me and with the American people. It\u0027s too late to bring back the people who are already dead, but there are tens of thousands of people still in harm\u0027s way.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Christine LahtiCindy Sheehan is my hero. She is the hero of all Americans who make up the 62% of us who oppose this war. As an American exercising her right to free speech, she is a brave, passionate, living example of democracy, and she has the undeniable force and the moral authority of a grieving mother. Being a mother of three, I can\u0027t even imagine the depths of the grief she must feel having lost her son in this horrific war. But I can imagine that her grief and rage -- her demand for justice and action -- is a force that is unstoppable. No wonder Bush is intimidated. No wonder he can\u0027t even walk down his driveway. He is scared shitless. Whether he acknowledges it or not -- whether his aides try to insulate him from the truth or not -- his hands are covered in the blood of Cindy Sheehan\u0027s son.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Carolyn StraussThe more light that gets focused on this woman the better. There is something so simple in her query and the force of her sacrifice makes it searing and indelible - a question that cannot now be lost in a tumult of false platitudes and tangles of words patriotic and security-minded. Her request seems so easy - just look me in the eye, talk to me, explain. Again, it\u0027s simple. Explain the mission. Explain why a son died. Any mother deserves that much.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Norman LearI see now that “The Sheehan Family” has issued a statement distancing them from Mrs. Sheehan, because they “…support the troops, our country, and our President…” Is there anything Mrs. Sheehan is doing that would suggest to any reasonable person that this Gold Star mother doesn’t support our troops, our country, and the office of the President? No American -- let alone a Gold Star mother -- is required to agree with every decision her president makes in order to secure her good name as a citizen and as a supporter of our troops and our country.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Gary HartThe caskets keep coming home... with no public official to greet them or to respect them. They are the forgotten dead and they represent thousands more of the even more forgotten wounded. But wait. There is someone to hold the emperor to account. There is someone willing to look ridiculous, to be mocked and made a fool of. She is not a Senator. She is not a party leader. She is not in the regular establishment Rolodex of the Sunday talk producers. Yet, she holds the highest office available in a republic, that of citizen. When the last Marine leaves Iraq, dead or alive, she can claim more credit than them all. Because of the courage of one brave woman, she quite possible will have had more to do with finally bringing this great nation back to its senses... and to its principles. Remember her name. It is Cindy Sheehan.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Joan Juliet BuckThere are simple actions that can change the world. In Tiananmen square on June 4, 1989, as the tanks rolled in the quell the protests that had united students and workers, everyone scattered. Except one man who came out of the crowd and stood, calmly in front of the tanks. On CNN you couldn’t tell if he was purposeful , or dazed, but he did not move. The tanks did not roll over him. That moment was the signal for all the changes that followed.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Bob CescaIt\u0027s staggering, the pluck and courage of this president. Look how geographically close he came to Cindy Sheehan today. The president risked his own safety by coming within -- what? Couple miles? That\u0027s my \"Struggle President\"! Years from now, historians at the Rove Center for Post-Constitutional History will upload today\u0027s example of heroism into the News Corp Neural Implants of future citizens as they learn about 2005 from within the confines of their protective goo pods. Those Americans of the future will be fortunate indeed if their robo-president has the same raw testicular power as President Bush: the man who confronted The Sheehan Threat and lived to tell the tale.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Jim BacaI think Cindy Sheehan is doing a great thing. I fantasized this morning about jumping in my car and driving to Crawford, Texas to thank her and give her an apple pie. I called my friend, Rodger, and asked him if we would go with me. He reminded me that Crawford is 750 miles from here and we would just consume more gasoline which is why we are in this mess in the first place. I just wish there were some way we could rain down thousands of apple pies onto the bush ranch so he would understand a lot of mothers want some face time.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Andy SternStatistics: a suicide bomber today killed 10 and wounded 43. It is easy to be numbed by statistics, by counting, and the constant drumbeat of war. And then there is Cindy. People. Phone calls at night and knocks on doors -- relief or disaster, joy or life-changing tragedy, mothers and sons never to be together again. In a war, a war of choice. Cindy deserves her time with the President. She is the voice for too many mothers who are voiceless. For too many sons never to come home. Cindy paid a Mom\u0027s ultimate price. She deserves to be able to complete her mission, and ask her Commander in Chief, What is the plan to bring all of the other Mom\u0027s sons -- their Caseys -- home safely?read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaThis betrays layers of cynicism in me that I don\u0027t want to contemplate. The mere fact that this even occured to me, I mean. What they should do is this: they should offer Cindy extended face time with the president on condition that she not go public afterwards with anything at all. They should spin this as \"Ok, if you are a grieving mother who wants to talk to your president, you can do that, but if you have political agenda you can\u0027t...\" That\u0027s what they should do...If they do, I have a counter-gambit in my back pocket...read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Sarah JonesGeorge W. and his feckless flock of draft-dodging warhawks somehow wrested control of our country away from sane people by telling the public that they are what America stands for. They are what this country\u0027s all about, the heroes of folksy, all-American stories conjuring images of apple pie, baseball, and Mom. Except when it really comes down to it, they don\u0027t give a damn about Mom, especially not Moms like Cindy Sheehan who have made the sacrifice our phony ranch-hand-in-Chief pretends to understand in press conferences right before he gives everyone the bird.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Rep. Jim McDermottIf only we had a leader. If only he had a heart. The wounds that have killed, maimed and injured thousands of American soldiers in Iraq have been ripped open again deep in a heartless part of Texas. We grieve with Cindy Sheehan. We grieve over all the fallen heroes. As a medical doctor, I know that the process of grieving must reach closure. I can only hope that someone in this Administration comes to their senses and welcomes Cindy Sheehan in with open arms.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Jodie EvansI came to Crawford with Cindy Sheehan because we have a terrible common bond: I, too, have lost a child. I feel Cindy\u0027s pain as my personal pain, and George Bush has absolutely no understanding of what that pain is like. If he did, he would never send other people\u0027s children off to die in an unnecessary war. If he did, he would understand that Cindy has sparked this nation\u0027s conscience and must be listened to. It is time for us, the mothers of this great nation, to show our fierce love for our children by joining Cindy\u0027s call to stop the killing and bring our troops home.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Tom HaydenCasey Sheehan lives in his mother\u0027s being, and that\u0027s why Cindy Sheehan can\u0027t stop, won\u0027t stop. She shows us why and how to fight. She is wrecking the President\u0027s vacation and rupturing his control of the media. She is establishing the presence of an anti-war spirit among military families. What is interesting so far is that Bush, unlike Nixon, has not succeeded in generating a Gold Star Mothers for War. Is the sentiment that anti-Bush among all those families who are pondering how they lost their loved ones for a fabrication? Is that also why Rep. Walter Jones, a Republican whose district includes Camp Lejeune, has co-authored a House resolution for withdrawal? As in Vietnam, once again it appears for now that the soldiers withdraw first, with their hearts and minds, even as their bodies go through the motions. The spirits of the dead take point for the living.permalink | commentsFrom justicesunday.comAP/Charles DharapakFrom time.comAP/Marcio Jose SanchezAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Mike DererAP/Jay LaPreteFrom NY Times/Andre DuboisAP/John D McHughFrom thebosh.com","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Cindy Sheehan: “Over 700 People Showed Up At The Camp Yesterday\"...It Takes a Village to Smear Cindy SheehanCamp Casey: Day 6Who Sent Hadley?Democratic Hawks and the Strategic ClassAmateurs and Professionals--The Truth About the Iraqi ArmyWarmed-Over Data and Risky BusinessCindy Sheehan, American PatriotWhat Fox News Channel Would Have Done to Rosa ParksThis is George Bush’s Accountability MomentCindy Sheehan Is My HeroCindy Sheehan\u0027s Simple RequestAn American Mother Loses Her SonA Voice Crying in the WildernessSimple Actions That Can Change the WorldHow Does He Manage Those Giant B**ls?Mom and Apple PieCindy Deserves Her Time with the PresidentWhat Little George should do about Cindy, tactially speaking.Moms Like Cindy SheehanAn Open WoundMy Terrible Common Bond With Cindy SheehanCindy Sheehan Can\u0027t Stop Won\u0027t Stop","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: O’Reilly And Malkin\u0027s Pathetic Campaign To Smear Cindy Sheehan…Ad Campaign To Begin...Natl. Council of Churches Tells “Justice Sunday” To Keep Religion And Politics Separate…Oil Prices Hit $67, Breaking Records...Top GOP Lobbyist Indicted On Fraud Charges...FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000...Frist Trying To Weaken Campaign Finance Laws...British Airways Staff Returns After Strike Leaves 70,000 Stranded...Vanity Fair Article Calls NYT, Time Mag “Part Of The Conspiracy” In Plamegate...Deadliest Stretch Of War Yet For National Guard In Iraq...Realtor Association Says Home Prices Are \u0027Close To A Peak\u0027...Amazon.com To Pay $40 million In Patent Lawsuit…Patent Flub May Make Apple Pay Microsoft Everytime An Ipod Sells...Tough UK Media Laws To Keep Bomber News Out Of Press...Mexican Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers to Thwart Mass Chatting…Pedal Powered Computing Introduced…How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...U.S. Begins Crackdown on Sexual Abuse of Foreign Exchange Students…CIA Officials, Not Valerie Plame, Chose Amb. Joe Wilson For Niger Trip...Trump Slams Former Tyco CEO For “Lack Of Taste”, “Tackiness”...Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000…Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends...The New Yorker, Brought To You Exclusively By Target…Chinese Set Up Clinics To Cure Internet Addicition...Jennifer Connelly Enjoys Reading, Shopping Online… While Having Sex…Chinese Farmer Sues Volkswagen For Stealing “Anti-Theft Technology”…Jessica Simpson Attacked By Mob On Rodeo Drive…Scientists See Chernobyl as Wildlife Preserve, Vacation Spot...Censored “Housewives” Creating Stir on Chinese Airwaves...Atkins, Tupac Voted America’s Least Favorite Dead Celebs...600 Truckers Blocking Florida Turnpike In Gas Price Protest...All Bets Are On $3 A Gallon By End Of Year...“You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”...Saudis Breaking Barriers Using Bluetooth To Flirt…Suicide Theme Park Planned In Hong Kong...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 13 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 13 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP132004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: O’Reilly And Malkin\u0027s Pathetic Campaign To Smear Cindy Sheehan… Ad Campaign To Begin... in brief | comments From justicesunday.com Natl. Council of Churches Tells “Justice Sunday” To Keep Religion And Politics Separate… in brief | comments Oil Prices Hit $67, Breaking Records... in brief | comments Top GOP Lobbyist Indicted On Fraud Charges... in brief | comments AP/Charles Dharapak FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000... in brief | comments Frist Trying To Weaken Campaign Finance Laws... in brief | comments British Airways Staff Returns After Strike Leaves 70,000 Stranded... in brief | comments From time.com Vanity Fair Article Calls NYT, Time Mag “Part Of The Conspiracy” In Plamegate... in brief | comments Deadliest Stretch Of War Yet For National Guard In Iraq... in brief | comments Realtor Association Says Home Prices Are \u0027Close To A Peak\u0027... in brief | comments Amazon.com To Pay $40 million In Patent Lawsuit… in brief | comments AP/Marcio Jose Sanchez Patent Flub May Make Apple Pay Microsoft Everytime An Ipod Sells... in brief | comments Tough UK Media Laws To Keep Bomber News Out Of Press... in brief | comments Mexican Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers to Thwart Mass Chatting… in brief | comments Pedal Powered Computing Introduced… in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... in brief | comments U.S. Begins Crackdown on Sexual Abuse of Foreign Exchange Students… in brief | comments CIA Officials, Not Valerie Plame, Chose Amb. Joe Wilson For Niger Trip... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Mike Derer Trump Slams Former Tyco CEO For “Lack Of Taste”, “Tackiness”... in brief | comments Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000… AP/Jay LaPrete in brief | comments Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends... in brief | comments From NY Times/Andre Dubois The New Yorker, Brought To You Exclusively By Target… in brief | comments Chinese Set Up Clinics To Cure Internet Addicition... in brief | comments AP/John D McHugh Jennifer Connelly Enjoys Reading, Shopping Online… While Having Sex… in brief | comments Chinese Farmer Sues Volkswagen For Stealing “Anti-Theft Technology”… in brief | comments From thebosh.com Jessica Simpson Attacked By Mob On Rodeo Drive… in brief | comments Scientists See Chernobyl as Wildlife Preserve, Vacation Spot... in brief | comments Censored “Housewives” Creating Stir on Chinese Airwaves... in brief | comments Atkins, Tupac Voted America’s Least Favorite Dead Celebs... in brief | comments 600 Truckers Blocking Florida Turnpike In Gas Price Protest... in brief | comments All Bets Are On $3 A Gallon By End Of Year... in brief | comments “You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”... comments Saudis Breaking Barriers Using Bluetooth To Flirt… in brief | comments Suicide Theme Park Planned In Hong Kong... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050813004438,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
