{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.06.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThis week the president headed out for his 50th Crawford vacation, but not before slipping John Bolton in through the UN\u0027s backdoor -- a move that sent Paul Feig, Rep. Diane Watson, Steve Cobble and Cenk Uygur racing to their keyboards. And while W was clearing brush, our bloggers were slashing through a wide range of issues. Be sure and check out Rebecca Pidgeon on London, Alan Dershowitz on the Middle East, Margaret Nagle on Sudan, Danielle Crittenden on Camp Crawford, Sam Harris on intelligent design, Katrina vanden Heuvel on Frist\u0027s stem cell stand, Dan Pasternack on the eating disorder recovery movement, James Moore and me on Judy Miller, and David Corn, Jay Rosen and Bill Diamond on the Novak meltdown.permalink | comments08.07.2005 Paul BegalaGeorge W. Bush will pardon Karl Rove. I know I\u0027m getting WAY ahead of the facts, but this thing has the smell of a serious legal problem for the Bush Administration. Say Mr. Fitzgerald indicts Mr. Rove. Maybe for violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act, maybe the Espionage Act (which outlaws mishandling classified information). Perhaps the charge is a criminal cover-up -- obstruction of justice, perjury, conspiracy or lying to a federal investigator. What does the President do? What does he say? As a former White House speechwriter, I\u0027ve taken the liberty of drafting the speech for Mr. Bush...read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Rebecca PidgeonI was just in London making a movie for an Indian/British co production company. I saw old friends. We were grown up, but still we talked about classmates. Who had done well, who was a prostitute, who was in jail, who was dead. After several glasses of champagne, one chap brought up 9/11. He said how it had come to symbolize something in Britain, something that he couldn’t quite explain very well, but reading between the lines it sounded to me as if he meant, in headline form, “arrogant America gets come uppance.” In a haze of jet lag and alcohol, I suggested he had no idea what he was talking about and that perhaps maybe he shouldn’t be such an ass. Things are a bit of a blur from that point on.permalink | comments08.05.2005 Joseph NyeDonald Rumsfeld had recently started speaking about a \"global struggle against violent extremists\" -- GSAVE -- instead of a \"global war on terrorism\" -- GWOT. Beyond switching to a less ugly acronym, what was going on? According to Richard Myers, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the new terminology made it more clear that the struggle cannot be solved by military means alone. So true. This is a struggle for the hearts and minds of moderate Muslims, and attraction does not come solely from the barrel of a gun. Unfortunately, President Bush reverted to GWOT in his recent speech, and Rumsfeld quickly fell in line.read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Jay RosenThursday afternoon Robert Novak stormed off the set of CNN\u0027s \"Inside Politics\" and got himself suspended. He also eluded questions about the Valerie Plame case that were going to be asked by a CNN colleague, anchor Ed Henry, who said he warned Novak before the show began that he would be raising the matter. It is beyond imagination that Ed Henry and his producers would notify Novak of their intentions without huddling with the CNN brass first. Thus there\u0027s a corporate ballet embedded in the show itself, even before it became comic opera with the cry of \"bullshit!\" and the big walkout. Novak was about to be faced with a gigantic contradiction in his public stance, and the network wanted it.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Alan DershowitzThe ancient ritual known as “pulsa denura” is designed to bring “lashes of fire” against the hated Sharon. Sharon is hated because he is trying to bring peace to Israel and the Palestinians by withdrawing from disputed land in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. Certain right-wing rabbis consider him a traitor and they want him dead. But they don’t want to do what Yagal Amir did to the late PM Yitzak Rabin – namely, kill him at the hand of a human being. Instead, they are trying to hire a celestial hit man, namely, God. “It’s request we made of the Almighty,” said Dayan. “I believe it will work,” he added. Ok, the challenge is on. Now let’s see whose God is stronger...permalink | comments08.02.2005 Sam HarrisPresident Bush has now endorsed the pseudo-scientific notion of \"intelligent design\" (ID) and declared it to be a legitimate alternative to the theory of evolution. It is time that scientists and other public intellectuals observed that the contest between faith and reason is zero-sum. Imagine President Bush addressing the National Prayer Breakfast in these terms: \"Behind all of life and all history there is a dedication and a purpose, set by the hand of a just and faithful Zeus.\" Our president regularly speaks in phrases appropriate to the fourteenth century, and no one seems inclined to find out what words like \"God\" and \"crusade\" and \"wonder-working power\" mean to him.permalink | comments08.04.2005 Danielle CrittendenWACO, TX (AP)—Prisoners of Camp Crawford complain of small cells, poor meals, constant surveillance, and disrespectful—even disdainful—treatment from Presidential staff. “Thirty-three days in this hell-hole feels like thirty-three years,” said a bitter long-time White House correspondent. \"We’re all billeted into these crappy Waco motels—you know, the kind they hose down with antiseptic every day and you’ve got one lousy blanket which is made of recycled Coke bottles or something.\" A Fox News camera man agreed. “Basically you sit around in baking heat, bored out of your mind. How many times can you visit the ‘Texas Sports Hall of Fame’ or beat Nora O’Donnell at Scrabble? Nothing happens, except maybe when one of the staff summons you to watch the President pulling brush. After a few minutes, they pile you back into the buses, and that’s it. It’s torture.”permalink | comments08.04.2005 Harry ShearerI’ve resisted writing about Lachlan Murdoch’s decision to leave the executive suite of the News Corporation until now because, like Lachlan’s dad, I’ve been “particularly saddened” by the development. Actually, Daniel Gross in Slate found that quote from Rupert’s weekend press release on the departure peculiar, alleging that Murdoch pere was not a man known for his emotions. On the contrary, I’d suggest he’s possessed of quite a few; the problem for outsiders may be that most of them are expressed in the keen, and requited, urge to nail someone’s penis to the floor.permalink | comments08.01.2005 Paul FeigFinally, Bolton\u0027s in! And the best part is that now the guy\u0027s got a bad memory. So, not only will he kick your ass if you\u0027re a country with an office at the United Nations building, but then he\u0027ll forget that he did it and do it again! And again and again! Note to all member countries: The formal \"Welcome Aboard\" cocktail party this Friday has been switched from voluntary attendance to mandatory attendance. Although, since Mr. Bolton may or may not remember if you were even there, it\u0027s up to you whether you want to spend too much time rearranging your schedules.permalink | comments07.31.2005 Arianna HuffingtonEver since I started blogging about Judy Miller’s role in Plamegate (and in the selling of the war in Iraq), I’ve been showered with tips and tidbits about Miller. A recurring theme in many of these conversations and e-mails is how Judy, to the dismay of many of her colleagues, never played by the same rules and standards as other reporters. One source e-mailed to give me some examples of this pattern -- one from Feb 2003, when Judy was covering the Iraqi opposition conclave, and was staying with Ahmed Chalabi\u0027s group while the rest of the reporters had to stay 30 minutes away in crappy hotels…permalink | comments08.05.2005 Rep. Diane WatsonThe United Nations is made up of 191 nations, many of which are not democratic and whose interests run counter to our own. This is the nature of the beast. But in order to promote U.S. interests at the United Nations, the U.S. should have someone in the position who is willing to engage in the long process of diplomatic give and take -- not someone who has expressed his contempt for the United Nations, let alone diplomacy. When it comes right down to it, Bolton\u0027s peers at the United Nations will not be as pliant to his bullying tactics as his charges at the State Department. Maybe Mr. Bolton will soon learn an elementary schoolyard lesson: nobody likes a bully.read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 David SirotaWashington Post reporter Dan Balz is one of the most intellectually impaired reporters working today. Balz has made a career parroting whatever Beltway conventional wisdom is out there, regardless of how polls show it is totally disconnected from reality. He regularly writes declarative statements that have literally no connection to anything other than what he and his insulated cocktail party friends have decided in a vacuum America believes. Balz today writes that Hillary Clinton\u0027s \"support for the invasion of Iraq when many rank-and-file Democrats opposed it show[s] her determination to overcome the party\u0027s historic weakness on national security.\" He just reports it as a fact, because he and his arrogant Beltway cabal decided it was fact.permalink | comments08.04.2005 Paul RieckhoffPaul Hackett would have been the first Iraq veteran elected to Congress. By nearly defeating a Republican in one of the nation’s most strongly Republican districts, Hackett proved that this isn’t really about politics after all. It’s about credibility, and Hackett’s got it. The headline in Wednesday\u0027s New York Times reads “Republican Edges Out Iraq Veteran for Congress.” It didn’t say Democrat, it said Veteran, because that’s what matters. Paul Hackett was just the tip of the iceberg. Now the scramble begins to recruit Iraq Veterans as candidates for both parties in 2006, and that’s just fine by me...permalink | comments08.02.2005 Katrina vanden HeuvelDays after Bill Frist, the White House\u0027s choice for Senate majority leader, turned his back on religious conservatives to support federal funding for stem cell research, President Bush threw his evangelical base a bone. He came out in support of public school science classes giving equal standing to \"intelligent design.\" Was this sequence of events random? Or the design of a higher intelligence, say The Boy Genius, perhaps? Unless special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald investigates, we\u0027ll never know. But what we do know is that when it comes to intelligence and the designing of it, the Bush administration is not to be trusted...permalink | comments08.04.2005 David CornSupreme Court nominee John Roberts donated his legal services, when he was a corporate attorney, to gay rights activists challenging a voter-approved Colorado initiative that permitted employers and landlords to discriminate against gays and lesbians. So what are all the Supreme Court brawlers going to say about this? One small social conservative outfit -- Public Advocate -- has already called on Roberts to \"correct the record or withdraw\" as the nominee. But I wonder if the more significant social conservative organizations will swallow hard and stick with Bush\u0027s man. If they do, that ought to be fun to watch.read whole post | permalink | comments08.02.2005 Cenk UygurI have to be honest, I hate those bumper stickers that have a picture of Bush and say, “He’s Not My President.” You might not have voted for him, and you might not even believe his election was legitimate, but he is your president. This same logic does not apply to the US Ambassador to the United Nations. No matter how you feel about John Bolton, one fact is inescapable – he has not been confirmed. So, every time he is mentioned in a report, editorial or article, to be fair and accurate, the writer should always refer to him as “the unconfirmed ambassador to the UN.” Anything less would be unfair to the American population who did not consent for this man to be our ambassador to the world.permalink | comments08.01.2005 James MooreOkay. I couldn\u0027t stand it any longer. When I saw the quote today from a New York Times spokesperson about Judy Miller, I blew coffee through my nose. \"Judy is an intrepid, principled, and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who has provided our readers with thorough and comprehensive reporting throughout her career.\" I don\u0027t care how many awards Judy Miller has, she is a miserable failure who has irreperably harmed her country with bad journalism and by allowing her own personal beliefs to infect her reportage. Here is but one example...permalink | comments08.05.2005 Dan PasternackI executive produced a new television series called Starved that premiered on FX this week. It is a dark half-hour comedy about four friends who are all battling eating disorders. The show received some wonderful reviews. We also got killed in a few places too. But hey, humor is subjective, so I wasn’t too surprised. However what I really wasn’t expecting was the hysterical reactionary outcry from certain so-called leaders in the eating disorder recovery movement. Without naming names or organizations, there was a call to boycott our show. Plenty of people in the entertainment community slapped me on the back and congratulated me on the free publicity. However I was somewhat less enthralled...read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Bill DiamondI feel Robert Novak’s pain. Novak was kicked off CNN for using a barnyard epithet, and I was banned from my local supermarket for yelling the same word into a microphone at one of their registers and broadcasting it to all the shoppers who happened to be in the store at the time. And, since I\u0027d accidentally turned up the volume, to the dozen or so elderly people waiting at a senior shuttle bus stop on the sidewalk outside...read whole post | permalink | comments08.03.2005 Patt MorrisonTo try to bring back a taste of my travels in France -- a morsel of bleu d\u0027Auvergne, Reblochon, Fougerus, my mouth waters just writing the names -- is to break U.S. law. I gave serious thought to brazening it out and smuggling some hot Epoisse through Customs, but what if the cheese-sniffing beagles sussed me out and pinned me to the ground and ferreted out my contraband fromage? I could have borne the prospect of being sent to cheese jail -- if Judy Miller can tough it out, so can I -- but they would have thrown away the cheese that I had sacrificed my freedom to keep, so what was the point?permalink | comments08.03.2005 Deanne StillmanWhile Laura Bush was getting laughs awhile ago for making a joke about her hubby jerking off horses instead of milking cows, something more sinister was happening. George Bush was actually destroying horses - and has been, all summer, even as he vacations cowboy-style at his spread in Crawford, Texas. I refer specifically to wild horses, which the Interior Department under Bush appointee Gale Norton has been rounding up by the thousands in order to funnel into its malfunctioning adopt-a-horse program, which now serves as an official way-station to the slaughterhouse.permalink | comments08.02.2005 Margaret NagleOver the weekend John Garang was killed in a helicopter crash over Sudan. For 21 years he was the leader of the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Army, who had fought against the northern oppression that killed 2,000,000 and displaced far more. Three weeks ago, in an extraordinary gesture of unification by the Khartoum government, John Garang was made Vice President of Sudan. For a country so awash in the tears and blood of its children to have this beacon put out so soon is just devastating. This is really a tough one to make sense of. But then so is Sudan.permalink | comments08.03.2005 Dan CarolThe current conflict with the liberal blogosphere didn’t start in Ohio when you spoke to the DLC last week, it just re-fueled it. I want you to understand at the deepest level that you won’t get out of this pickle by continually trying to re-position yourself along the traditional left-right political axis. The new strategic axis to think about is Change v Status Quo.... Now for the tough love part of this rant. I want you to know that I think that both you and your husband are the most selfish politicians I have ever seen...permalink | comments08.01.2005 Joshuah BearmanThe thing that set Clinton off was “Hot Coffee” — a third-party mod for San Andreas that allowed the game’s gangsta protagonist to “gird [his] loins for love” and get buck wild with a digital female partner. Her action plan: investigate, legislate — and triangulate. As grandstanding, Clinton’s gambit was a triumph. But as politics, Clinton’s centrist ambush doesn’t bode well for Democrats. She’s out in front, but leading whom? Clinton’s strategy doesn’t just misunderstand video games; it misunderstands the supposed center.permalink | commentsAP/Gerald HerbertFrom adoyle.comAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAPFrom nytimes.comAP/Ivan SekretarevHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Damian DovarganesFrom BBC NewsAP/Icon ProductionsAP/Kevork DjansezianFrom mediabistro.com","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Sunday RoundupI Predict: Bush Will Pardon RoveA Return to LondonWhat\u0027s in a Name?Why Robert Novak Stormed Off the SetA Model for Ending TerrorismThe Politics of IgnoranceConditions at Camp Crawford “shocking and inhumane” inmates complainMurdoch Family ValuesHe\u0027s In!!!The Judy FileJohn Bolton: Nobody Likes a BullyHow Beltway-itis Rots Reporters Brains \u0026 Distorts America\u0027s Political DebateJust the Tip of the Iceberg--Major Paul Hackett, USMCLeave No God BehindHow To Spin This: John Roberts, Gay Rights Champion?The Unconfirmed Ambassador to the UNThat Awful Power: How Judy Miller Screwed Us AllIntestinal BloggageSympathy for the Devil (In All of Us)Fear Factor -- Fromage!Wild Horses Survived World War I, But They May Not Get Past BushcoThe Death Of John GarangDear Hillary ClintonOne Hot Cup of Coffee","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Miller And Libby Met To Discuss Plame...FBI Hunting Down Radical Right\u0027s Terrorists In US...CIA Officer: We Let Bin Laden Slip Away, Pentagon Did Not Provide Enough Support…Bush\u0027s Poll Numbers In Free Fall...Bush Admin. Not Cooperating With 9/11 Commission Members...Angry Mom Stages Crawford Protest To Ask Bush \"Why Did You Kill My Son?”…Two U.S. Soldiers, Three Iraqi Soldiers Killed In Separate Attacks...Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source...Russian Sub Crew Saved...Presbyterian Church USA: “Functionally Anti-Semitic”...Paradise On Other Side Of Israeli-Palestinian Barrier...Al Qaeda Has Migrated From Physical Space To Cyberspace…Saudis Warned U.K. Of Terror Attack Weeks Before 7/7 Bombings...Iran Exporting Bombs To Iraqi Insurgents...Discovery Undocks, Heads Home...Wal-Mart Criticism Approaches Tipping Point...Anderson Sued For Not Being “Available” Enough…“Mind Reading” Computers Developed...Gibson Asked To Recreate Christ\u0027s Crucifixion For Major Catholic Gathering...Kevin Costner Wants To Be Jessica Simpson’s Bodyguard...Your Cell Phone Could Make You Go Blind...Marilyn Monroe: If Oscar Existed For Faking Orgasms, “I Would Win Overwhelmingly”...Online House Calls For Acne Patients...NCAA Bans Indian Nicknames...Over 500,000 Japanese Compete To Be Country\u0027s Biggest Nerd...Men: The Size Of Your Feet Does Matter...Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?...“Drastic [Arctic Climate] Changes... By The Middle Of This Century”...Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up...Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad...Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self...TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter...Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him...","h5":"See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior…","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 7 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 7 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP72004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/Gerald Herbert Miller And Libby Met To Discuss Plame... in brief | comments FBI Hunting Down Radical Right\u0027s Terrorists In US... From adoyle.com in brief | comments CIA Officer: We Let Bin Laden Slip Away, Pentagon Did Not Provide Enough Support… in brief | comments Bush\u0027s Poll Numbers In Free Fall... in brief | comments Bush Admin. Not Cooperating With 9/11 Commission Members... in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite Angry Mom Stages Crawford Protest To Ask Bush \"Why Did You Kill My Son?”… in brief | comments AP Two U.S. Soldiers, Three Iraqi Soldiers Killed In Separate Attacks... in brief | comments From nytimes.com Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source... in brief | comments AP/Ivan Sekretarev Russian Sub Crew Saved... in brief | comments Presbyterian Church USA: “Functionally Anti-Semitic”... in brief | comments Paradise On Other Side Of Israeli-Palestinian Barrier... in brief | comments Al Qaeda Has Migrated From Physical Space To Cyberspace… in brief | comments Saudis Warned U.K. Of Terror Attack Weeks Before 7/7 Bombings... in brief | comments Iran Exporting Bombs To Iraqi Insurgents... in brief | comments Discovery Undocks, Heads Home... in brief | comments Wal-Mart Criticism Approaches Tipping Point... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Damian Dovarganes Anderson Sued For Not Being “Available” Enough… in brief | comments From BBC News “Mind Reading” Computers Developed... in brief | comments AP/Icon Productions Gibson Asked To Recreate Christ\u0027s Crucifixion For Major Catholic Gathering... in brief | comments AP/Kevork Djansezian Kevin Costner Wants To Be Jessica Simpson’s Bodyguard... in brief | comments Your Cell Phone Could Make You Go Blind... in brief | comments Marilyn Monroe: If Oscar Existed For Faking Orgasms, “I Would Win Overwhelmingly”... in brief | comments Online House Calls For Acne Patients... in brief | comments NCAA Bans Indian Nicknames... in brief | comments Over 500,000 Japanese Compete To Be Country\u0027s Biggest Nerd... in brief | comments Men: The Size Of Your Feet Does Matter... in brief | comments Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?... in brief | comments “Drastic [Arctic Climate] Changes... By The Middle Of This Century”... in brief | comments Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up... in brief | comments Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad... in brief | comments Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self... in brief | comments TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter... in brief | comments From mediabistro.com See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior… comments Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":3,"second":31},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
