{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaHeadline in this morning’s New York Times: \"Antiwar Group Says Leaked British Memo Shows Bush Misled Public on His War Plans\"Antiwar group? Now where would the Times get the idea to characterize a hearing being led the by the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee that way? Hmm... Yesterday’s White House press briefing might offer a clue. When asked why the president hasn’t responded to a letter about the Downing Street Memo sent by John Conyers and signed by 122 members of Congress, Scott McClellan replied: \"Because I think that this is an individual [Conyers] who voted against the war in the first place and is simply trying to rehash old debates that have already been addressed.\" When reminded that all those other House members had also signed on, McClellan shot back: \"How did they vote on the war -- the decision to go to war in Iraq?\"Okay, I get it... The White House’s position is that the only ones who care about whether the president lied to the American people and misled Congress (an impeachable offense, by the way) in order to win support for a preordained invasion of Iraq are anti-war crazies. And the headline writers at the Times duly follow suit. Ah, yes, the liberal press...Read more here.06.17.2005 Paul ReiserI\u0027m driving with my two boys – 9 and 4 - Springsteen playing. I’ve been not-so-subtly trying to get their musical tastes lined up with my own – partly because I think it’s good for them, and also because frankly, it’s just easier for me... And let me tell you something; until you’ve heard a 4 year-old belt out, \"This town rips the bones from your back, it’s a death trap...\" you have not been entertained.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Marc AbrahamI have had a few very lonely, vodka-laden Christmas eves... missed, forgot, overlooked more than a Hallmark display full of anniversaries and birthdays... had some of the ugliest bruising beefs on Valentines Day you could ever imagine... but in over fifty years of holidays I have never ever had a bad Father\u0027s Day.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Danielle CrittendenDinner’s not ready; the children howl Your wife’s developed a permanent scowl. Rather than being brought a martini dry It’s a wet diaper you’re asked to verify And when the bouquet confirms it’s pee It’s you who changes it, not she.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Norm OrnsteinThe Schiavo episode was a shameful example of pandering and overreach by craven legislative leaders...It is hard to see much evidence that this Congress has turned its attention full force to the issues that really concern voters-- but it dropped everything in a made rush to exploit Schiavo. Will these guys ever learn?read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Byron YorkThe Times has never reported that Dean said, in January, \"I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for.\" The paper did not even mention his remarks until May, when Tim Russert asked Dean about them on Meet the Press. And then, the Times published Dean\u0027s defense of himself -- in which he said, \"I hate what the Republicans are doing to this country, I really do\" -- but never his original remarks. To this day, the Times has not published them.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Adam McKayNow I\u0027m no scientist but from what I understand the head has a lot of gunk in it and some of that gunk makes the eyes see good. Once again, I have no medical background whatsoever but I think this gunk is radioactive. Dr. Frist, due to his Doctor skills was able to see on the video tape that this gunk was not broken. The same way I saw on my video player that Russell Crowe killed that tiger in the Coliseum so the evil guy with the harelip wouldn\u0027t get his lady. Video is good like that.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Andy SternHard to watch the casualties day after day in Iraq, the new memos from the UK, and wonder how we set some clear goals NOW to internationalize the rebuilding and bring the troops home. I heard a \"Gold Star\" mom (a mother who lost her son) in Chicago Sunday, and it breaks my heart. You imagine how many Iraqi moms and American families are grieving for a war that seems to have been more about revenge than reason. Today a bipartisan group in the House called for a withdrawal of troops. Although long overdue, it\u0027s never too late to save some lives.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Harry ShearerJournalists like to know how does it feel, and what’s the mood here now. Journalists don’t like to know how the Social Security system really works. Journalists can be Anchors, but never Sales. They can be reporters, or just repeaters. A journalist looks down on celebrities until the day he becomes one. Journalists can’t resist: miracle puppies. children trapped in wells. killer bees. Journalists are more curious than anybody, attacked by everybody, and lent money by nobody.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 David KirbyRobert F. Kennedy, Jr. has just upped the ante in the bubbling controversy over a possible link between mercury, vaccines and autism. His hard-hitting Rolling Stone article on the Pharma-Political Complex is a scathing indictment of our business-as-usual society, and his allegations cry out for a response. In recent months, the thimerosal-autism controversy has begun to pierce a major-media bubble seemingly transfixed on serving up daily doses of Michael, Martha and the Runaway Bride, while ignoring the potential poisoning of a generation of American children.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Mark GreenNow that the Runaway Bride and Michael Jackson are both home, perhaps many media will be freer to focus on more consequential issues—like this week’s Supreme Court decision overturning the 20 year-old conviction of a Texas death row inmate and whether we in New York should reinstate the death penalty, a debate that quietly continues in most state capitals.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Hooman MajdThe presidential elections in Iran are not nearly as meaningless as this administration wants us to believe. Sure, there won’t be any purple fingers to wave about, but citizens of other Muslim countries look at Iran’s elections with a measure of envy. (The women of some Gulf states, for example, who only dream of being able to vote like Iranian women, let alone drive to the polls.)read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Nellie BThe new news about fake news comes courtesy of the Chicago Tribune, reporting that the US Department of Agriculture has produced and distributed more than three dozen TV and radio spots promoting the Central American Free Trade Agreement, a proposal controversial even with many Republicans.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Charlie CrayThere is one law that Bremer and the CPA decided not to change -- Saddam\u0027s Law 150, which prohibits workers in state-owned enterprises from joining unions. That\u0027s because these workers are viewed as a major impediment to the privatization process. Meanwhile, leaders of key Iraqi unions including the Federation of Workers Councils and Unions of Iraq (FWCUI) have been arrested and fired from their jobs.read whole post | permalink06.16.2005 David SirotaHow many times do we have to see ultra-right-wing politicians pass the most extreme legislation at the state level before we stand up and start doing something about it? GOP Governors revoke collective bargaining rights for workers, GOP legislators prevent communities from improving wages, and lunatic state officials are allowed to go on witchhunts against women who have had legal abortions.read whole post | permalink06.16.2005 Paul FeigBob Stevenson, spokesman for Dr. Bill Frist, said on Wednesday, \"Having seen the news reports today, it\u0027s clear that the autopsy provides additional medical information on her condition at the time her feeding tube was removed.\"Mr. Stevenson then went on to state that one\u0027s skin feels warm when the sun shines on it.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Eugene VolokhIf the standard scientific theory is that “God had no part in this process,” then the opponents of evolution are right -- the standard theory of evolution may not be taught in the schools. The Court has repeatedly said that the Establishment Clause bars both government endorsement and disapproval of religion. Teaching that God exists and teaching that God doesn’t exist are both unconstitutional in government-run schools. Likewise, if teaching that God created humans is unconstitutional, so is teaching that God had no part in creating humans.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Richard BradleyThis trickle of corruption will become a torrent as Bush\u0027s second term winds down. That\u0027s the way second terms work -- especially when you have a president who polices the morals of everyone except the people who happen to work for him.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Rep. Jan SchakowskyLast week, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report [PDF] showing that between 2002-2004, the Department of Defense declared $33 BILLION worth of purchased goods to be \"excess\" - materials it didn\u0027t need or didn\u0027t end up using. Not only did DoD accumulate a surplus of materials about half the size of the total budget of the Department of Education or the Department of Health and Human Services, but it also lost weapons critical to our national security, and bought duplicates of materials that it had thrown away.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Jeb Bush Won\u0027t Let Schiavo Rest In Peace ...Is Scott McClellan Writing the New York Times Headlines?Fatherhood and the BossFather\u0027s DayODE TO A MODERN DADCongress and SchiavoTimes Immunizes Dems Against Foot In Mouth DiseaseThose Radical, Rogue Medical ExaminersNever Too Late to Save Some LivesWhat IS a Journalist?Bring It OnThe Death Penalty Should DieThe Kettle is BlackUSDA Prime\"We kicked KBR out\" of IraqThe PLAN to Take Action at the State LevelAnd the Mr. Obvious Award goes to ...Is Evolution a Threat to Religious Belief?The Decline and Fall of a Second TermThe DoD Money Pit","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworksInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Congress Slashes Funds For UN ...US Marines Launch New Anti-Insurgent OffensiveNapalm In Iraq ...40 Million Mastercard Customers Exposed To Fraud\u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027$195.1 Billion, Highest Trade Deficit EverTyco Chiefs Guilty Of Looting Company....Another Doctored Global Warming Document ...Rice Appeals To Nation\u0027s \u0027Generosity\u0027 In Request For $45B In War FundsHalliburton Receives $30M Contract To Build New Gitmo Jail ...Legal Inquiries Loom On Bush\u0027s Horizon ...White House Rejects Call For Iraq Pullout ...ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ...ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ...Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ...I\u0027m A Drunk ...Wisconsin State Legislature Goes After College WomenNancy Reagan Lobbies Senators On Stem Cells ...NY Times/CBS Poll: 71% of Americans Say Congress Does Not Share Their PrioritiesCruise Pops Question Atop Eiffel Tower ...GOP Cuts $100M From Corporation For Public Broadcasting Budget ...Acne Is Good For Your HeartThere\u0027s A Lost Nuke Off the Georgia Coast ...Inside Einstein\u0027s Brain. Literally ...AFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ...Future Of Giant Laser Beam Uncertain ...Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 17 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 17 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL172004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Congress Slashes Funds For UN ... in brief | comments US Marines Launch New Anti-Insurgent Offensive in brief | comments Napalm In Iraq ... in brief | comments 40 Million Mastercard Customers Exposed To Fraud in brief | comments \u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027 in brief | comments $195.1 Billion, Highest Trade Deficit Ever in brief | comments Tyco Chiefs Guilty Of Looting Company.... in brief | comments Another Doctored Global Warming Document ... in brief | comments Rice Appeals To Nation\u0027s \u0027Generosity\u0027 In Request For $45B In War Funds in brief | comments Halliburton Receives $30M Contract To Build New Gitmo Jail ... in brief | comments Legal Inquiries Loom On Bush\u0027s Horizon ... in brief | comments White House Rejects Call For Iraq Pullout ... in brief | comments ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ... in brief | comments ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ... in brief | comments I\u0027m A Drunk ... in brief | comments Wisconsin State Legislature Goes After College Women in brief | comments Nancy Reagan Lobbies Senators On Stem Cells ... in brief | comments NY Times/CBS Poll: 71% of Americans Say Congress Does Not Share Their Priorities in brief | comments Cruise Pops Question Atop Eiffel Tower ... in brief | comments GOP Cuts $100M From Corporation For Public Broadcasting Budget ... in brief | comments Acne Is Good For Your Heart in brief | comments There\u0027s A Lost Nuke Off the Georgia Coast ... in brief | comments Inside Einstein\u0027s Brain. Literally ... in brief | comments AFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ... in brief | comments Future Of Giant Laser Beam Uncertain ... in brief | comments Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027 in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Globe and Mail (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Networks ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":1,"second":11},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
