{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaSo why is President Bush so dead set on having John Bolton be his man at the UN? On Monday, he made it crystal clear: “I thought it made sense to send a reformer to the United Nations… We want more accountability and transparency.” But, despite Bill Frist’s cloture vote flip-flops, it doesn’t look like Bolton is going to be reforming the UN anytime soon. And since it seems like such a waste to let his skills at bringing about accountability and transparency go untapped -- and since, according to the administration, Bolton has apparently dedicated his entire career to “reforming” everything in his path -- I have an idea that is a win-win for everybody: Let’s get this guy reforming!Sure, it would’ve been nice to have him at the U.N., looking into the $2 billion oil-for-food scandal… but since that’s a no-go, why not find an arena that could use Bolton’s gargantuan reforming gifts even more? Say Iraq... According to Reuters, the U.S. blew through nearly $20 billion before transferring power to the Iraqis nearly a year ago. So where did all that money go? Let’s let “Accountability and Transparency” Bolton find out! Just do the math: UN oil-for-food scandal: $2 billion. Iraqi reconstruction scandal: $20 billion. Transparency and Accountability: Priceless.Read more.06.21.2005 Arthur Schlesinger Jr.Forty-seven members of Congress have asked the acting secretary of the Air Force what in the world is going on in the Air Force Academy – in addition to rapes of female cadets, the subject of prior investigation. The superintendent, a lieutenant general, was asked how long it would take to restore religious tolerance at the Academy. He replied gloomily, “If everything goes well, it’s probably going to take six years to fix it.” Meanwhile the scandal of evangelical proselytizing at a government institution and at public expense has generated, not outrage, but lethargic indifference, with few exceptions, on the part of the media and the Department of Defense.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Vernon JordanThe conviction of Edgar Ray Killen comes on the 41st anniversary of the brutal murders of three civil rights workers for which he was convicted. Some, including myself, will be disappointed that the jury shrank back from convicting him of murder and instead rendered a verdict of guilty of felony manslaughter. But that hardly diminishes the importance of the verdict. That importance lies in the vindication of the truth that \"the wheels of justice grind slowly, but exceedingly fine.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Adam McKayHere\u0027s how bad things are on the justice front. The only case supporters of true justice can celebrate happened over forty years ago with the long-overdue conviction of Edgar Ray Killen for manslaughter in the killings of civil rights activists Goodman, Chaney, and Schwerner. Forty years ago. And here\u0027s the worst, the guy was in a wheelchair with an oxygen tube up his nose. It\u0027s no fun to put guys in wheelchairs in jail even when they\u0027re guilty racists. It\u0027s like convicting a fluffy bunny of arson.read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Danielle CrittendenThe Huffington Post welcomes the debut column of its new advice columnist. Saddam will be delighted to answer readers’ questions on dating, relationships, personal hygiene, cooking and chemical warfare...read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Norman MailerIn the wake of all the fluvial funereal obsequies that the media attached to Ronald Reagan\u0027s earthly departure, I felt obliged to remark that he had been the most overrated president in American history and the second most ignorant. Then I added -- how could I not? -- guess who is the most ignorant? Half the audience applauded; the other half were outraged and groaned in true patriotic pain. Since George W. is not only a horse\u0027s ass, but vain and platitudinous to boot, it can hardly escape us that he is also serving (with all due inner incandescence) as God\u0027s chosen envoy for America.permalink | comments06.22.2005 Karen FinleyThere has been criticism of Live 8 for not including a significant representation of African artists. At the LIVE 8 website I found the heading, “What’s it all about.” It reads: “If your country is not listed above, please visit www.whiteband.org for a list of current partner campaigns. White Band dot org? From this subtext Live 8 sounds like DeBeers Diamonds giving an engagement ring to South Africa with a card that reads: A diamond is forever. And Rock n’ Roll is here to stay.read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Eric BoehlertChristopher Hitchens becomes just the latest in a long line of mainstream scribes doing their best to undercut the importance of the Downing Street Memo. Hitchens, mocking the notion that the top-secret passage contains news, writes, \"Well, if that doesn\u0027t prove it, I don\u0027t know what does. We apparently have an administration that can, on the word of a British clerk, \u0027fix\u0027 not just findings but also \u0027facts.\u0027 Never mind for now that the English employ the word \u0027fix\u0027 in a slightly different way—a better term might have been \u0027organized.\u0027\" According to Hitchens, the White House wasn\u0027t trying to cook the books, it was simply attaching, or organizing, the intelligence, as any smart war planner would. In other words, it all depends on what the meaning of fixed is.read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Cenk UygurDick Durbin’s apology on the Senate floor today almost made me want to cry. God damn it, when are the Democrats ever going to learn?! Just when we should be getting on the war path to fight back against the administration, Durbin caves and caves huge. To not only apologize, but to have tears in your eyes. Come on, you can’t do that. It makes an already weak party look even more miserably weak.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr.The American people have grown tired of the Bush Administration\u0027s Iraq war games. Every day it becomes clearer to all of us that intelligence information was creatively interpreted at best, manipulated at worst, in order to suit the President\u0027s bias and pre-conceived notions. Worse than the Bush Administration\u0027s sleight of hand to get us into the Iraq war, is the stubborn refusal to admit any errors. They\u0027re behaving like spoiled children finally called on the carpet about their misdeeds, who try to escape punishment by telling lies and flashing puppy dog eyes.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Jonathan AlterOnly a day after I ripped Jeb Bush for his despicable treatment of Michael Schiavo, the story became a little more complicated. Schiavo got weird in the way he chose to bury his wife, making it seem on the gravestone as if she had died 15 years ago. He also put on the stone a reference to himself (\"I Kept My Promise\"), as if her whole life were about him.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Nellie BThe Boston Globe reports that an \"estimated 30,000 Marines in Iraq need twice as many heavy machine guns, more fully protected armored vehicles, and more communications equipment to operate in [Al Anbar] a region the size of Utah.\" Not only are our fighting boys stuck with 1,000 vehicles lacking undercarriage armor (to protect against roadside bombs), but also the armored Humvees they\u0027ve got are breaking down more easily because they were never designed to carry the weight of all that armor. Hello?read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 James BoyceDear John: I saw some pretty amazing things during the year I spent on your campaign....but the most remarkable was when I watched George Butler\u0027s film “Going Up River” and saw you, just over thirty years ago, in black and white and with utter conviction and clarity, asking the unanswerable: \"How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Rep. John ConyersJust wanted to update you on the results of my hearing on the Downing Street Minutes last Thursday. We were forced to convene the hearing in a small room in the basement of the Capitol as the Republicans would not make any other room available to us. Then, the Republican Leadership scheduled 11 consecutive floor votes at the precise time the hearing was scheduled to begin. We did not let this disrupt our hearings.read whole post | permalink | comments06.22.2005 Jane WellsSince reading Robert F Kennedy Jr.’ s brilliant and terrifying article ‘DEADLY IMMUNITY,’ that exposes the link between mercury poisoning and autism, I have been wondering how Senator Bill Frist can sleep at night. My friend Vicky certainly cannot. She dozes at night keeping half an eye on a huge video screen in her bedroom that monitors her daughter Goosey in the next room in case she has a seizure during the night.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Michael Smerconish“There’s no torture going on down there and there hasn’t been,” said the Secretary of Defense to me today. “The people down there at Guantanomo Bay, under the President’s orders, have been treated humanely, and they should be treated humanely. But these are terrorist, trainers, bomb makers, suicide bombers, UBL’s bodyguards, the 20th hijacker, recruiters and facilitators. These are bad people. These are people who want to go out and kill innocent men, women, and children... And those who are suggesting that the management, or handling by our military of what’s going on in Guatanomo Bay is not the way it should be are flat wrong.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Hooman MajdCondoleezza Rice\u0027s visit to Egypt this week was notable for what she said and who she met, but more notable for what she didn\u0027t say and whom she didn\u0027t meet. She neglected to meet with the Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt\u0027s largest political opposition group. Ms. Rice’s explanation of why she won’t talk to the Brotherhood? \"Egypt has its laws, it has its rule of law, and I\u0027ll respect that\", she said. Right, like laws banning political parties.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Tom HaydenIt was the week that Washington woke up to the war. Politicians were climbing over each other to announce their plans for peace. In the most stunning development, Maxine Waters led a rebellion against House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, and formed the impromptu \"Out of Iraq\" caucus. Rep. John Conyers continued his steady leadership by chairing a hearing on the Downing Street Memoranda, attended by over 25 members in a tiny basement room forced on them by a peeved Republican leadership. Conyers and other members then took 500,000 petitions to the White House gates before addressing a rally in Lafayette Park.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Paul FeigAll right. We GET it. The initials of your name, FCUK, look amazingly like that other four letter word that always seems to get everybody so upset. When I first saw this campaign of yours in London several years ago, I thought it was really clever. But that was years ago and I think it\u0027s done its job. We get the joke. It was funny. Now it\u0027s not. Move on.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Harry ShearerBritish TV news is very, very different from the American product, so much so that CNN\u0027s International feed seems to feel the need to ape the Brit style, lest its international viewers be appalled at what real American TV news is like these days. For one thing, look at those teeth. British TV news presenters have the local dentition, which is to say, watch this space, a tooth may appear here shortly.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonWhenever a Republican makes a racial foot-in-the mouth gaffe, and Democrats publicly lambaste him for it, GOP leaders quickly and reflexively scream, “But what about Byrd,” and pound the Democrats for having a former Klansman as a top Democrat. But Byrd has come clean and apologized for that sordid episode in his past. Even more galling to Republicans, he\u0027s been a thorn in their side on Bush’s war policies.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Bruce CohenRIZE is the story of the hundreds (thousands?) of kids, teens and young adults in South Central LA who have turned from Gangs to... dancing. It all started when ONE ex-con, Tommy the Clown, started entertaining at neighborhood kids\u0027 birthday parties as a hip hop clown. Then, everybody started joining in and today there are over 50 different clown groups who paint their faces, dress up in funny costumes and entertain.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"\u0027Today\u0027s Hearing Is About More Than Contempt\u0027 ...A Transparently Obvious Solution to the Bolton ImpasseWhat in God\u0027s Name Is Going on at the Air Force Academy?The Wheels of JusticeAnd Justish for AllASK SADDAMGod\u0027s Chosen Envoy for AmericaLIve 8 /Bob Geldof - White Band DayThe DSM and the Meaning of \"Fixed\"We Demand an Apology from George W. BushThe Bush Administration\u0027s Puppy Dog EyesMichael Schiavo v. Jeb (Sharpton) BushTell It to the MarinesDear John: An Open Letter To John KerryDowning Street Minutes – The Story that Wouldn’t DieEver Wondered How Bill Frist Sleeps?A Timely Conversation with Donald RumsfeldNo Democracy For You!Dems Break with PelosiDear French Connection UK ...What\u0027s That Sound?Republican Hypocrisy On Byrd\u0027s Klan Night RideGreetings From Watts...","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Caught On Tape But Off Air: Governor Perry Of Texas Speaks Like A True Christian, \u0027Adios, MoFo\u0027Frist Has Lost Control Of The Republican Run Senate...Are Tomlinson\u0027s Days Numbered?New Polls Dismal For Bush....Tom DeLay: \u0027Go To Iraq. And See What\u0027s Actually Happening There\u0027 ...DeLay\u0027s Troubles: Follow The Money...Lobbying Now One Of The Most Prosperous Businesses In U.S....World\u0027s Oldest Man Credits Long Life To Bachelor StatusSecret Social Security Files Opened To FBI ...Notorious B.I.G. Murder Mystery Goes To Trial...Common Virus That Kills Cancer...23 Dead, 56 Injured In Iraq Violence Today....Iraq Death Toll Rising As Insurgents Improve Bombs...Ambassador To Iraq Expresses Horror ...U.S. Doled Out $12 Billion In Cash In Iraq...US Church Excluded For Gay StanceItalian PM: \u0027I Had To Use All My Playboy Tactics...\u0027Katie Holmes, \u0027Do You Deserve To Be Enslaved?\u0027A Chastened Arnold Schwarzenegger …Tell-All Memoir To Trash Editors At The New Yorker, Glamour, Mademoiselle ...Camera Phones Find New Use In Adult Shops ...Solar, Sail-Powered Spacecraft Failed After Two MinutesFighting Even Over Schiavo\u0027s Grave...HuffPo\u0027s Jonathan Alter On Terri Schiavo, Jeb Bush, and Al SharptonSnapple\u0027s 20 Ton Popsicle Melts Into Big Puddle In New York City...Reality TV Script Writers Go Public...Bush Backs Soc. Sec. Bill Without Private Accounts","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 23 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 23 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL232004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Caught On Tape But Off Air: Governor Perry Of Texas Speaks Like A True Christian, \u0027Adios, MoFo\u0027 in brief | comments Frist Has Lost Control Of The Republican Run Senate... in brief | comments Are Tomlinson\u0027s Days Numbered? in brief | comments New Polls Dismal For Bush.... in brief | comments Tom DeLay: \u0027Go To Iraq. And See What\u0027s Actually Happening There\u0027 ... in brief | comments DeLay\u0027s Troubles: Follow The Money... in brief | comments Lobbying Now One Of The Most Prosperous Businesses In U.S.... in brief | comments World\u0027s Oldest Man Credits Long Life To Bachelor Status in brief | comments Secret Social Security Files Opened To FBI ... in brief | comments Notorious B.I.G. Murder Mystery Goes To Trial... in brief | comments Common Virus That Kills Cancer... in brief | comments 23 Dead, 56 Injured In Iraq Violence Today.... in brief | comments Iraq Death Toll Rising As Insurgents Improve Bombs... in brief | comments Ambassador To Iraq Expresses Horror ... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette U.S. Doled Out $12 Billion In Cash In Iraq... in brief | comments US Church Excluded For Gay Stance in brief | comments Italian PM: \u0027I Had To Use All My Playboy Tactics...\u0027 in brief | comments Katie Holmes, \u0027Do You Deserve To Be Enslaved?\u0027 in brief | comments A Chastened Arnold Schwarzenegger … in brief | comments Tell-All Memoir To Trash Editors At The New Yorker, Glamour, Mademoiselle ... in brief | comments Camera Phones Find New Use In Adult Shops ... in brief | comments Solar, Sail-Powered Spacecraft Failed After Two Minutes in brief | comments Fighting Even Over Schiavo\u0027s Grave... in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s Jonathan Alter On Terri Schiavo, Jeb Bush, and Al Sharpton in brief | comments Snapple\u0027s 20 Ton Popsicle Melts Into Big Puddle In New York City... in brief | comments Reality TV Script Writers Go Public... in brief | comments Bush Backs Soc. Sec. Bill Without Private Accounts in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050623001957,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
