{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Charles Dharapak07.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe Rove Scandal Train is picking up momentum (even here in Nice)… just ask Scottie McClellan, who is starting to look more and more like Ron Ziegler with every passing press briefing. Actually, two separate Rove trains have left the station. The legal train and the political train -- heading along two very separate tracks. But it\u0027s now clear that the White House damage control team has decided to try and link the two (it’s like one of those old algebra problems: \"If two trains leave the White House heading in opposite directions, one leading to a Federal courthouse and the other to Political Siberia, can even a Boy Genius keep both of them from going off track?\"). By linking the potential political fallout to the legal issue at hand, the White House can then hem, haw, and stall -- claiming that we need to let the legal system run its course -- and then hope that if special prosecutor Fitzgerald can\u0027t clear the high legal bar and indict Rove, it\u0027ll be able to claim that he\u0027s somehow been exonerated for his political sins as well. Which, of course, is utter nonsense…read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Rep. Louise SlaughterThe degree to which Mr. Rove\u0027s absurd priorities have endangered America becomes clear once we understand how important Valerie Plame was. She was at the heart of the war on terrorism. Ms. Plame had built her career around fighting exactly what the President and the highest members of his cabinet argue is the greatest threat to the security of the United States and its allies: the transfer of weapons of mass destruction from states or other sources to terrorist groups. The exposure of Valerie Plame was an attack on more than the values which the White House professes to uphold: it was an attack on the security of the United States itself.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Tom TomorrowPodheretz does not accuse Wilson of outing his own wife as a CIA agent--only of acknowledging the fact that she is his wife. And I don\u0027t actually believe that these people are so impenetrably stupid that they are unable to comprehend that simple distinction. This is just the standard right wing debate tactic that we\u0027ve seen over and over again over the past few years: throw out a ton of nonsense and see what sticks. But you can take it to the bank: in Wingnutland, it will be--if it is not already--taken as gospel truth that Joe Wilson used to run a website called \"www.my-wife-is-a-big-old-CIA-agent.com\".read whole post | permalink07.13.2005 Danielle Crittendenkickass43: could use a stiff one now sxybritguy10: u r in trouble man kickass43: rove stuff sux kickass43: can\u0027t play the game with no quarterback sxybrityguy10: bad rap sxybritguy10: at least u still got condi kickass43: she\u0027s so hot sxybritguy10: way hot kickass43: remember her in germany kickass43: the domantrix boots sxybritguy10: smokin kickass43: she rocks way more than colin sxybritguy10: kinda missed colin this yr kickass43: no way sxybritguy10: wayread whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 James PinkertonThe Economist has always taken a mostly neocon-ish line toward Iraq. And its leader in the wake of the London bombing was no exception. Doing its part to huff, puff, and fluff Prime Minister Tony Blair into Churchillian proportions, the weekly asked if the terror attacks might undercut British resolve to keep troops in Iraq. The answer: “Far likelier, the attacks will reinforce the case for pressing on with the long-term task...”read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Eric BoehlertIt\u0027s always amusing when the RNC says jump, to see how high the Wall Street Journal Op-Ed page will elevate. This morning\u0027s lead editorial, typed right from RNC talking points, rushes to Karl Rove\u0027s defense. Turns out he was not acting as a partisan when spreading classified gossip about Joseph Wilson\u0027s wife. Instead, he was a hero for speaking the truth, the real \"whistleblower\" in this saga. It\u0027s a classic example of the Journal leaping on demand.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Trey EllisAs our demoralizing string of losses has made excruciatingly clear, we once feisty donkeys are in trouble up to our asses. We need to immediately and radically re-introduce ourselves to the American public as what we truly are – the party of the Middle Class. Everyone already knows that the Republicans are a party now held captive by the ultra-rich and the fanatic and yet they continue to beat our butts because they are the devil they know. Agree with this administration or not, at least its stand on most issues is as simple to understand as a children’s story. My dream for a revitalized Democratic party goes something like this...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Sarah StillmanMembers of Congress, beware: a vote against CAFTA is a vote for Osama. Or so Donald Rumsfeld might have you believe, if you read his recent op-ed in the Miami Herald in which he ominously warns, “The coming vote on CAFTA is a national security vote. Let there be no doubt.” But how is it that CAFTA--a free trade agreement negotiated in secrecy and tailored primarily to the needs of multinational manufacturers, agribusiness, and pharmaceutical companies--will help combat “the violent extremism that is threatening civilized societies”?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Michael SmerconishFour years post 9/11, we remain vulnerable to a London style attack. In my opinion, there are a myriad of reasons: the growth of radical Islam; porous borders; an unwillingness to profile; the failure to capture Bin Laden; to name but a few. According to a member of the 9/11 Commission, you can add HDTV to that list. HDTV? That’s the word from former U.S. Naval Secretary, and 9/11 Commissioner, John Lehman, with whom I just spoke...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 James MooreThe hallmarks of a Rove smear job are always the same: leak, lie, defame, obfuscate, and deny. He did it when he began a whisper campaign about Gov. Ann Richards\u0027 sexuality. He did it when he used surrogates in South Carolina to suggest that Sen. John McCain was mentally unstable and may have fathered a black child out of wedlock and he did it in the last election when he used the Swift Boat Veterans as a front group to proffer lies about John Kerry\u0027s time in Vietnam. As a long time observer of Karl Rove, there is great entertainment in watching a rare moment of tribulation for the presidential counselor. Funny thing is, it\u0027s all happened before on a lesser scale when nobody but us obscure Texas reporters were paying attention...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Tom WatsonOur President, George W. Bush, was actually in the United Kingdom when terror struck London. He was in Scotland, a two-hour flight from Heathrow. Understandably, he and the other leaders completed the G8 summit, unbowed by the carnage in the London transit system. And then our President came home. And in doing so, he knowingly cast a gob of bitter spittle in the face of our constant ally, and disgraced the United States of America. Why didn\u0027t President Bush visit London? Why didn\u0027t he walk the streets, take a few questions from the press, show the power of his office to Londoners?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Charlie CrayCorporate executives and directors have once again flunked the \"acid test\" of corporate reform (as Warren Buffett put it), continuing to pay themselves an average of 289 times what the average employee took home last year, according to recent figures. No matter what they say, this gross inequality has nothing to do with job performance or general prosperity (e.g. job creation) and everything to do with the ongoing epidemic of shameless war profiteering, outsourcing, and tax dodging that have fueled festering resentments across the rest of society.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Deanne StillmanYou know, Rush, you\u0027re really on to something with this whole Club Gitmo thing. We could really make a fortune, so let\u0027s take it to the next level. How about Hiroshima key chains? Better yet, Gettysburg oven mitts? Or maybe that\u0027s going too far, perhaps we should confine ourselves to the tried-and-true area of prisoner-of-war camps. I\u0027m thinking mood rings from Andersonville.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Bill DiamondTuesday\u0027s New York Times points out that the whole Rove affair has “some Republicans worried about the possible effects on Mr. Bush’s second-term agenda.” That’s what it takes to get them worried? Not the President’s ham-handed attempt to reform social security, his reckless and unforgivable squandering of a budget surplus, the war he decided to wage without sufficient troop levels or a proper exit strategy, the horrible losses being suffered by courageous American soldiers or the thousands of innocent Iraqi citizens dying every day... but rather the potential loss of the President’s longtime confidant and beloved Turdblossom?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Deepak ChopraWe have an ocean within us as 60% of our body is water and once upon an evolutionary time when we stepped out of the ocean we brought a lot of it along as our body fluids. Randomly, I remembered something from Shakespeare, “There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.” Our bodies are literally a symphony of the stars. When our bodies are totally in sync with this symphony everything is effortless, spontaneous, and the exuberance and abundance of the universe flows through us in joyful ecstasy.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Carl PopeThanks to the President\u0027s obduracy, the major industrial nations at their G8 summit In Gleneagles, Scotland, failed to make meaningful progress on global warming. The most meaningful proof of this is that the declaration was carefully phrased in Frank Luntz\u0027s favorite term, \"climate change,\" (which makes global warming sound like it occurs naturally instead of actually being manmade) and that the simple, and meteorologically measurable fact that \"our world is warming\" was deleted at Bush\u0027s insistence from the opening of the statement.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Joshua ZeitzWhat makes the Bush/Rove scandal potentially more serious than the Clinton and Nixon era cases are its higher stakes. The Nixon White House abused the public trust to conceal dirty (and unnecessary) campaign tactics; Clinton misled the public to hide an extra-marital affair. The Bush White House, on the other hand, may have misled a grand jury and the American public about its complicity in outing a covert intelligence agent for no other reason than to retaliate against her husband, who publicly questioned the president\u0027s claim of an incipient Iraqi arms deals in Niger.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Catherine IngramAfter a lifetime of believing that, as Martin Luther King, Jr. put it, \"no lie can live forever,\" I had come to think that we had crossed the Rubicon into a virtual world where infotainment was the majority reality, controlled by those who profit from the public’s ignorance, and that, unlike forced repression, it was too insidious to fight. But with the recent polls showing that a majority in the U.S. now oppose the war in Iraq and believe there was no connection between Iraq and 9/11, and with the scandal erupting around Karl Rove in which David Gregory of NBC and Terry Moran of ABC actually stood up for truth in their grilling of White House spokesman Scott McClellan, I dare to feel once again that maybe it is true: no lie can live forever.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Lefteris PitarakisAPAP/Charles DharapakAP/Itsuo InouyeReuters/Ceerwan AzizHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Reed SaxonFrom holylandexperience.comAP/Louis LanzanoReutersFrom tv.yahoo.comMSNBC","h1":"Bush Withholds Judgment On Rove...",".title":"","h2":"Has the Turd Blossom Express Reached the End of the Line?Bush Must Keep His WordFox News WatchMore Intercepted Instant Messaging Between Bush and BlairBlair\u0027s BurdenWSJ WoesA Modest Proposal for the Democratic LeadershipRummy\u0027s Magic Wand Strikes Again…Listen to LehmanThe Knower of All-Knowing Knowledge: Karl RoveBush\u0027s Flight From Terror: God Save the QueenNo Justice, No PieceMad Props To You Too, RushWhat, Me Worry?The Ecstatic DanceSome Get It, Some Don\u0027t\"What did the president know, and when did he know it?\"No Lie Can Live Forever","h3":"“Hard To Imagine” Someone Won\u0027t Be Indicted...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"McClellan Continues To Stonewall On Questions Surrounding Karl Rove...Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”...Top Pentagon Official Admits To Missteps, Errors In Iraq War Run-Up…Rehnquist Hospitalized Overnight...Four Bombers Were British-Born Men On Suicide Missions...London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated…iPod Sales Drive Apple Earnings Up 75 Percent...Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline...Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”…“Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”…Editor In Chief Pearlstine Issues An Apology Of Sorts...Time Inc. Defends Unnamed Source In Sex Scandal…ABC News vs. Fox News“The Public Has Moved To The Internet”...Iraq Bomber Targets Children Waiting For Candy, 27 Dead…Former Abramoff Associates Quit, Leave Country...Calls For Calm, Fear Of Hate-Crime Backlash...Illinois To Fund Stem Cell Research...Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot....I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise…Insult The French...Get Sued...Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt StatusFaulty Fuel-Tank Grounds Space Mission...“Embryonic Stem Cell Research Holds Enormous Promise”...One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart…Video-Game “Orgies” In Your Neighborhood...$1B Sinking Into Gulf Of Mexico...WorldCom CEO Gets 25 Years...“If I Can Discourage Illegal Aliens From Coming To ... My Community, Then I Think I\u0027ve Succeeded”...Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception...Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”…MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby...Judge Won\u0027t Drop Ethics Case Against DeLay Associate...Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 13 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 13 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG132004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16McClellan Continues To Stonewall On Questions Surrounding Karl Rove... in brief | comments Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”... in brief | comments Top Pentagon Official Admits To Missteps, Errors In Iraq War Run-Up… in brief | comments Rehnquist Hospitalized Overnight... in brief | comments AP/Lefteris Pitarakis Four Bombers Were British-Born Men On Suicide Missions... in brief | comments London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated… in brief | comments AP iPod Sales Drive Apple Earnings Up 75 Percent... in brief | comments Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline... in brief | comments AP/Charles Dharapak Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”… in brief | comments AP/Itsuo Inouye “Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”… in brief | comments Editor In Chief Pearlstine Issues An Apology Of Sorts... in brief | comments Time Inc. Defends Unnamed Source In Sex Scandal… in brief | comments ABC News vs. Fox News in brief | comments “The Public Has Moved To The Internet”... in brief | comments Reuters/Ceerwan Aziz Iraq Bomber Targets Children Waiting For Candy, 27 Dead… in brief | comments Former Abramoff Associates Quit, Leave Country... in brief | comments Calls For Calm, Fear Of Hate-Crime Backlash... in brief | comments Illinois To Fund Stem Cell Research... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot.... in brief | comments AP/Reed Saxon I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise… in brief | comments Insult The French...Get Sued... in brief | comments From holylandexperience.com Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt Status in brief | comments Faulty Fuel-Tank Grounds Space Mission... in brief | comments AP/Louis Lanzano “Embryonic Stem Cell Research Holds Enormous Promise”... in brief | comments One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart… in brief | comments Video-Game “Orgies” In Your Neighborhood... in brief | comments Reuters $1B Sinking Into Gulf Of Mexico... in brief | comments WorldCom CEO Gets 25 Years... in brief | comments “If I Can Discourage Illegal Aliens From Coming To ... My Community, Then I Think I\u0027ve Succeeded”... in brief | comments Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception... in brief | comments From tv.yahoo.com Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”… in brief | comments MSNBC MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby... in brief | comments Judge Won\u0027t Drop Ethics Case Against DeLay Associate... in brief | comments Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":50,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
