{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"www.sathayer.net07.27.2005 Arianna HuffingtonNot everyone in the Times building is on the same page when it comes to Judy Miller. The official story the paper is sticking to is that Miller is a heroic martyr, sacrificing her freedom in the name of journalistic integrity. But a very different scenario is being floated in the halls: It\u0027s July 6, 2003, and Joe Wilson\u0027s now famous op-ed piece appears in the Times, raising the idea that the Bush administration has \"manipulate[d]\" and \"twisted\" intelligence \"to exaggerate the Iraqi threat.\" Miller, who has been pushing this manipulated, twisted, and exaggerated intel in the Times for months, goes ballistic. Someone is using the pages of her own paper to call into question the justification for the war -- and, indirectly, much of her reporting. So she calls her friends in the intelligence community and asks, Who is this guy? She finds out he\u0027s married to a CIA agent. She then passes on the info about Mrs. Wilson to Scooter Libby. Maybe Miller tells Rove too -- or Libby does. The White House hatchet men turn around and tell Novak and Cooper. The story gets out. This is why Miller doesn\u0027t want to reveal her \"source\" at the White House and also explains why Miller never wrote a story about Plame -- because her goal wasn\u0027t to write a story but to get out the story that cast doubts on Wilson\u0027s motives. Which Novak did...read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Michael SmerconishWhy do they hate us? It’s a question that I have avoided for close to four years. Now I find myself re-assessing the situation. In large part, this is due to my having just spent a few hours with CIA veteran Michael Scheuer. Scheuer thinks we Americans continue to be sold a bill of goods, which fosters a misunderstanding of our enemy, and forestalls success in the war on terror. Specifically, we’re told that radical Islam hates us, and attacks us, for who we are and what we think, when that is not the case. It’s not McDonalds, Starbucks, lap dances and Brittany Spears – offensive though Muslims may find those hallmarks of American life. And it’s not about converting us to Islam. To the contrary, says Scheuer, what motivates radical Islam is American foreign policy.read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Dan CarolThe national energy bill produced by the House and Senate conference committee falls far, far short of the mark. In essence, members of the House Republican caucus continue to resist step one in the 12-step program we need -- admitting that we have an energy/oil problem. So while the Bush Administration may want to shout huzzah and cross “energy reform” off its list for a long time, the reality is that this energy bill is a drop in the bucket of what we need to do.read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Catherine IngramI am so tired of hearing Karl Rove referred to as a genius. It’s like saying the mob boss, known for getting his way by kneecapping people and stuffing bodies into car trunks, is a genius. It didn’t take genius to figure out the base fears of the religious right and the conservative heartland in the last election. The specter of gay people having the right to marry was one of several hot-button issues that anyone who reads the news could have predicted would inflame the red states. It didn’t take genius to exploit those fears; it took venality.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 David SirotaYou could make a credible argument that the DLC\u0027s corporatization/Republicanization of the Democratic Party was justified, had it led to electoral success for Democrats. Few would argue that today\u0027s split-the-difference Democratic Party hasn\u0027t followed the DLC\u0027s policy direction over the last 10 years. That means the last 10 years of elections really have been a referendum on whether the DLC\u0027s model actually wins at the polls. And that\u0027s when we get to the real problem with the DLC -- its policies are BOTH morally bankrupt, and politically disastrous.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Dal LaMagnaA U.S. envoy, led by Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad appears to be rushing to encourage the Iraqi government to complete their constitution by August 15 – even if many of the 23 clauses dealing with rights, freedoms, and basic responsibilities are attached with the phrase “in accordance with law,” which means that the law might be drafted in a way that severely limits or excludes the rights. Is it right to create a document that outlines rights – but says they can exist only so long as they “do not violate Shariah or Koranic law?”read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Doug HellerGiven the opportunity to take on President Bush\u0027s (and big business\u0027s) nominee to head the Securities \u0026 Exchange Commission, at Tuesday\u0027s confirmation hearing, Senate Dems decided to take a pass. Senators Schumer and Feinstein fawned over this \"colleague on the Hill,\" whose bottom-of-the-barrel record on investor and consumer issues and top-of-the-heap fundraising from businesses he would regulate at the SEC make him a nominee who could and should be blocked. How can you live to fight another day, if you don\u0027t fight in the first place? To get a comedic take on this nomination, watch this video.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Paul RieckhoffRadio host Michael Graham broadcasts ignorance and hate on WMAL-AM (630) in Washington, D.C. Check this out from the Washington Post: \"The problem is not extremism,\" Graham said, according to both CAIR and the station. \"The problem is Islam.\" He also said, \"We are at war with a terrorist organization named Islam.\" No we are not, you idiot. By the way, as someone who has served on the ground in Iraq, I can tell you for certain that this type of talk will really do nothing to help our troops trying to win hearts and minds in a country that is 95% Muslim!read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Harry ShearerJust read Arianna\u0027s Cheney post. First, on behalf of Mr. Burns, I should sue. Secondly, a related notion: you\u0027ve seen, of course, that the Brits are trying three of their soldiers involved in the death of an Iraqi civilian in their custody, on war crimes charges, stemming from the International Criminal Court Treaty. That\u0027s a treaty that Bush refused to accede to in 2002, saying at the time he never wanted American troops to be tried in that court on trumped-up war crimes charges. Seemed comical at the time, but, in light of subsequent developments, it seems almost prescient, almost...Cheneyesque.permalink | comments07.26.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonThe slaying of Brazilian legal émigré Jean Charles de Menezes by the London police again cast an ugly glare on racial profiling in Britain. With the terror war now in full swing in Britain, and national jitters that more bombings and attacks could happen at any time, British officials are in no mood to do much to protect against blatant civil liberties abuses. The reaction of British officials to the police killing of Menezes is a prime example of the collateral fall-out of innocents getting killed in the terror battle. British Prime Minister Tony Blair’s apology for the killing sounded more like a defense of the police than a sincere expression of regret over the tragedy.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Russell ShawAs the son of a unionized postal worker, and a former United Auto Workers affiliate member myself, I have been watching the tiff between the AFL-CIO and the upstart Change to Win Coalition with profound sadness. Just like two male bull antelopes at a mostly evaporated waterhole, these two organizations are fighting territorial battles over a withered resource. The fact is that for buckets of reasons -- many causal, more than a few a result of malevolent trends in society -- labor can no longer be the economic, social and political factor that it once was.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaI\u0027m wondering if \"playing a starring role\" could be part of the motive for suicide bombers, not the whole motive, obviously, but part? At first I recoil from the thought—nobody needs attention that much! But then I remember Columbine and I remember the video record of themselves that the shooters compiled—I saw some of those tapes, and this is my native culture, and I\u0027ve taught High School, and I know those kids were starring in their own show.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Michelle PileckiTry this story on for size: prominent government official travels to a nearby town for the funeral of a Marine killed in Iraq, and with an offer to provide any assistance needed, she gives family members her business card with her contact information. After all, a bereaved family can use some help in snipping through some of the military\u0027s red tape in accessing all of the benefits they\u0027re due, right? But, boy, can this relic of simple courtesy backfire in the 21st century. And it provides a good case study in how a minor, local story can become enflamed to feed the respective rages of the growing political divide.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Rep. John ConyersGoing back a couple of years, I wrote two letters on September 29, 2003 about Treasongate. The first was a public letter (pdf) -- to the Department of Justice asking for a Special Prosecutor. The second (pdf) was not a public letter. It was to Central Intelligence Agency Director George Tenet. I was troubled by reports that the DOJ was, to put it mildly, being less than responsive to the CIA concerns about the leak. The response I received (pdf) added some stunning detail to the Justice Department\u0027s footdragging. The letter indicates that the Central Intelligence Agency was repeatedly stonewalled by the DOJ and, in fact, couldn’t even get their letters answered or calls returned...read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Eric BoehlertJohn Roberts\u0027 nomination to the Supreme Court certainly qualified as Big News at both Time and Newsweek, which delivered all-hands-on-deck profiles for this week\u0027s issue. Fawning, glowing, congratulatory, adulatory, Sycophantic. Take your pick, the stories are so over the top they have to be read to be believed, with the only real question being should Fred Thompson—Roberts\u0027 WH-appointed handler--have received ghostwriting credit? I mean, how could Thompson possible top Newsweek\u0027s almost comical portrait of Roberts as a too-good-to-be-true \"centrist\" who\u0027s \"enormously self-confident\" but \"not arrogant or showy.\" An \"unpretentious\" \"regular guy\" with a \"wicket wit\" who \"mows his own lawn.\" According to the weekly he\u0027s loyal to church, family, school and \"most importantly\" (wait for it…) \"to the law.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Cenk UygurI think the press has been really tough on Karl Rove and the administration over this Valerie Plame scandal, so I wanted to come to their defense a little bit. First of all, Plame might have been a covert CIA operative, but she once sat in a desk and shuffled papers around. If you’re not shooting people in the field every day, then how do you go around with a straight face calling yourself a secret agent? Secondly, Karl Rove was just trying to prevent the press from making yet another error by reporting on Ambassador Wilson’s claims. Joe Wilson was lying about his trip to Niger. The Iraqis were, in fact, trying to buy uranium to build nuclear weapons. That’s why we found all those nuclear bombs in Iraq labeled “Made in Niger.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Adam McKayParticularly hard-headed supporters of the war will trot out hotel receipts from the Falluja Days Inn that show a cousin of an Al Qaeda member once stayed there, but come on. Bush himself says there\u0027s no connection. Let it go. But they can\u0027t quite do that. I sometimes think the inability to admit mistakes has caused about five hundred wars, a thousand building collapses and the trading of Shaquille O\u0027Neal for Brian Grant and Lamar Odom. Give up the ghost. We all make mistakes. I supported NAFTA and was completely wrong. I voted for Ralph Nader for cripes sake. I bought AOL stock. But once again, some people aren\u0027t comfortable raising their hand and saying \"mea culpa\" or \"my bad.\"read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Ron EdmondsFrom abcnews.go.comFrom NASAFrom dw-world.deAP/Doug MillsFrom taxprof.typepad.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From usi.eduFrom www.contactmusic.comFrom msnbc.comAP/Richard DrewFrom vanityfair.com","h1":"Thank You, Dr. Frist: Negligent Gun Dealers To Get Immunity...",".title":"","h2":"Judy Miller: Do We Want To Know Everything or Don\u0027t We?Why Do They Hate Us?Energy Bill: Drop in the BucketKarl Rove Is No GeniusThe Democrats 2008 Choice: Sell Out \u0026 Lose, Or Stand Up \u0026 WinSpreading Democracy? Why the Rush?Senate Dems: Weaker by the MomentRadio Host Michael Graham Is an Unpatriotic BigotOn Behalf of Mr. Burns, I Should SueMenezes\u0027 Killing Casts Ugly Glare on Racial Profiling in BritainOrganized Labor, You\u0027re Done (Now Deal With It)Are suicide bombers performing?How Quickly Does the Public \u0027Need to Know\u0027?What About the Ten Week Gap?Newsweek, Time Heart John RobertsLet\u0027s Be Fair To The PresidentFONDA 2.0","h3":"Prosecutor Digging Deep In Plame Case, More Leaks...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Q: “Has Karl Rove Offered To Resign, In View Of His Problems?”...London Bomb Pictures...NASA: “We Won\u0027t Be Able To Fly Again” Until Foam Issue Fixed...“This Insurgency Is Not Progressing”...Al-Qaeda In Iraq Claims Killing Of Algerian Diplomats…“It Seemed Like A Lot Of Blood”…Abu Ghraib Dog Handlers Testify…It\u0027s Tough To Be President When Ten Senators Want Your Job...McCain Revives Straight Talk America PAC... 2008 Campaign...Deadly Heat Wave, New York Electricity Record...Starbucks Profits Soar, Plans To Open 1,800 New Stores...$4M In Bogus Parts Sold To U.S. Military…Papers Show Roberts As Major Conservative Advocate...Poll: 1/3 Americans Believe Islam More Likely To Inspire Violence...Failed London Bombing Suspect Nabbed...Bombing Suspect “Told Me He Was Going To Get 80 Virgins”...If Only Michael Jackson\u0027s Trial Had Been Held In Darfur...N.Y. Gov. Pataki Will Not Run For Fourth Term...Attorney General Gonzales Shows His Radical Right Credentials...“Groupies Love Coq,” According To Burger King Website…ABC Pulls Jessica Simpson Iraq Trip Footage, Star Outraged....Newsweek Cutting An Issue Due To Low Ad Sales...The Juice Poached Satellite TV To The Tune Of $25K…TV Show Launch Sucks Millions From Stewart\u0027s Omnimedia...Pentagon Investigating Doctored Quote Used In Its Statements...The Key To Women: “Expensive But Worthless Gifts”…“Apprentice”-Style Show For Rolling Stone Founder Jann Wenner?...Iran Vows To Restart Nuclear Production…$16M Worth Of Cocaine At Lost-And-Found…White House Energy Bill Doles Out $8.5B To Companies...Hunks Banned From Booze Ads In Effort To Curb Binge Drinking...Russian King Of Spam Beaten To Death...Bob Novak To Finally Speak For $595 Per Person, Click Here To Buy Your Ticket…“Never Write About Karl [Rove] And Karen [Johnson]“... ”If You Want To Keep Your Job”...Newspapers Pull “Doonesbury” Strip, References To Rove...Consumer Group Sounds Alarms About Cox Nomination...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 28 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 28 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG282004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/Ron Edmonds Q: “Has Karl Rove Offered To Resign, In View Of His Problems?”... in brief | comments From abcnews.go.com London Bomb Pictures... in brief | comments From NASA NASA: “We Won\u0027t Be Able To Fly Again” Until Foam Issue Fixed... in brief | comments “This Insurgency Is Not Progressing”... in brief | comments Al-Qaeda In Iraq Claims Killing Of Algerian Diplomats… in brief | comments From dw-world.de “It Seemed Like A Lot Of Blood”…Abu Ghraib Dog Handlers Testify… in brief | comments It\u0027s Tough To Be President When Ten Senators Want Your Job... AP/Doug Mills in brief | comments McCain Revives Straight Talk America PAC... 2008 Campaign... in brief | comments Deadly Heat Wave, New York Electricity Record... in brief | comments From taxprof.typepad.com Starbucks Profits Soar, Plans To Open 1,800 New Stores... in brief | comments $4M In Bogus Parts Sold To U.S. Military… in brief | comments Papers Show Roberts As Major Conservative Advocate... in brief | comments Poll: 1/3 Americans Believe Islam More Likely To Inspire Violence... in brief | comments Failed London Bombing Suspect Nabbed... in brief | comments Bombing Suspect “Told Me He Was Going To Get 80 Virgins”... in brief | comments If Only Michael Jackson\u0027s Trial Had Been Held In Darfur... in brief | comments N.Y. Gov. Pataki Will Not Run For Fourth Term... in brief | comments Attorney General Gonzales Shows His Radical Right Credentials... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From usi.edu “Groupies Love Coq,” According To Burger King Website… in brief | comments From www.contactmusic.com ABC Pulls Jessica Simpson Iraq Trip Footage, Star Outraged.... in brief | comments From msnbc.com Newsweek Cutting An Issue Due To Low Ad Sales... in brief | comments AP/Richard Drew The Juice Poached Satellite TV To The Tune Of $25K… in brief | comments From vanityfair.com TV Show Launch Sucks Millions From Stewart\u0027s Omnimedia... in brief | comments Pentagon Investigating Doctored Quote Used In Its Statements... in brief | comments The Key To Women: “Expensive But Worthless Gifts”… in brief | comments “Apprentice”-Style Show For Rolling Stone Founder Jann Wenner?... in brief | comments Iran Vows To Restart Nuclear Production… in brief | comments $16M Worth Of Cocaine At Lost-And-Found… in brief | comments White House Energy Bill Doles Out $8.5B To Companies... in brief | comments Hunks Banned From Booze Ads In Effort To Curb Binge Drinking... in brief | comments Russian King Of Spam Beaten To Death... in brief | comments Bob Novak To Finally Speak For $595 Per Person, Click Here To Buy Your Ticket… comments “Never Write About Karl [Rove] And Karen [Johnson]“... ”If You Want To Keep Your Job”... comments Newspapers Pull “Doonesbury” Strip, References To Rove... comments Consumer Group Sounds Alarms About Cox Nomination... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":28,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":9,"second":8},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
