{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From visitingdc.com07.24.2005 Arianna HuffingtonJohn Roberts\u0027 rush-rush nomination to the Supreme Court may have been intended to deflect attention from the ongoing Rove scandal, but our bloggers have proved more than capable of dealing with both. On Plamegate, don\u0027t miss Lawrence O\u0027Donnell, Paul Feig, John Conyers, James Moore, Eric Boehlert and Dal LaMagna. Then check out Hilary Rosen, Karen Russell, Cenk Uygur, Marty Kaplan, Craig Crawford and Carl Pope offering their takes on the Roberts nomination Meanwhile, Paul Rieckhoff, Jane Wells, Michelle Pilecki and I weigh in on Iraq, where the casualties and the bad news continue to mount. After all that, you may want to dip into some funny stuff from David Mamet, Adam McKay, Bill Diamond, Harry Shearer and Lizz Winstead… and a summer taste treat from Mario Batali.permalink | comments07.24.2005 Steven G. BrantWhat did White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card learn from Alberto Gonzales and when did he learn it...and what did he do with that knowledge? This \"whole new can of worms\" (to quote CBS News\u0027 Bob Schieffer, on Sunday\u0027s Face The Nation) is to me the breaking news question of the day. Why? Because on the show, Alberto Gonzales admitted that he called Andrew Card right after he was notified that the Justice Department had opened its investigation of the Plame leak...even though he formally notified The White House staff 12 hours later. Twelve hours?! As Schieffer said: \"That, of course, would give people time to shred documents and do any number of things.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 David MametI understand that a member of The H. POST is in Sardinia. This brings back fond memories, as one of the best gags I ever wrote deals with this place. In State and Main, a film, the boy and girl are walking past a firehouse and they see a dalmatian. He: I wonder why they have these dogs around firehouses? She: The first organized fire department was established in the year 486 on the borders of Dalmatia and Sardinia. He: Huh...and that\u0027s why a dalmatian... She: It was either that or a Sardine. I love this joke, particularly as I do not believe that Dalmatia and Sardinia are, in fact, contiguous. And I think that one of them, in fact, may be an island.permalink | comments07.22.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellIn the 21 days since I broke the story that Karl Rove was Matt Cooper\u0027s source, Rove has obviously been in charge of the day-to-day strategy of what his lawyer, Bob Luskin, leaks to the press. Rove is stealing a page from the Clinton scandal management playbook. He is trying to set the stage for the day the prosecutor turns over his cards. Rove-Luskin will then call it all \"old news.\" Everything Rove-Luskin has leaked has been printed in a form most favorable to the Rove defense without a word of leaked input from the prosecutor. When the prosecutor tells his story, don\u0027t expect him to accept Rove\u0027s currently uncontested claim that he does not recall who told him that Wilson\u0027s wife was a CIA agent and don\u0027t expect the \"old news\" spin to work. When the prosecutor has his day, he is going to make new news.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Adam McKayIf I were alive during Roman times I would hopefully decry the barbarism of the Colliseum, but at the same time it would be hard not to buy a ticket to the Six Aegean Slaves Vs a Rhinocerus matinee. Or how could you turn away from the Four Ostriches With Razors on the Talons Vs Two Monkeys and a Cobra. It\u0027s the same with these TV shows. Donald Trump is so awful and idiotic to these perspiring wannabe entrepenuers, it\u0027s enthralling. I can\u0027t wait for the day when one contestant says to Trump \"What are you talking about Don? You inherited your seed money.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Sherry LansingDay in and day out for the last month, I have been inspired by the passion and engagement of just about everyone I have met in Israel. Regardless of profession or level of education, the folks I met were well informed about politics and policy and eager to engage in discussion. This stands in sharp contrast to my experience at home, where I meet so many sharp, interesting Americans who simply don’t pay attention to what is going on in our government. Would our survival need to be at stake for the average American to tune in and pay attention to policy?permalink | comments07.22.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.Wednesday night, Jon Stewart dropped by the Comedy Central green room as I awaited my turn on The Daily Show. He had asked me on his program to discuss my recent Salon.com/Rolling Stone articles about the federal government\u0027s efforts to conceal the overwhelming scientific evidence linking vaccine preservative thimerosal to the epidemic of neurological disorders among American children. Stewart observed that if the story is true, the perpetrators should have their skin abraded with multiple incisions prior to being dipped in salt brine. A more appropriate punishment would be to force them to spend time in the lower level special education classes now bursting at the seams across America and see the autistic children lying on the floor screaming, many of them in dire agony from autistic enterocolitis.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Laurie DavidHot enough for ya? At 4:00 this morning, Arizona was already over 90 degrees. Vegas was 117 at two in the afternoon. I know what you are saying: \"Hey, we have always had heat waves.\" Yes, that’s true. But what we haven\u0027t had is summer nights as hot as summer days, and that is what contributes to turning normal heat waves into deadly heat waves. More carbon dioxide in the atmosphere now than in 400,000 years. The carbon stays in the atmosphere, acts like a warm blanket and holds in the heat. We are altering the weather. People are doing that. And unless we act now, it will only get worse.permalink | comments07.21.2005 Andy SternOn the plane to Chicago, I was thinking about what this convention could have been if the AFL-CIO officers had made different choices. Instead of headlines like \"New Split in Organized Labor?\" the headlines could have been \"New Hope for American Workers.\" The AFL-CIO\u0027s opportunity appears to have been lost, but the crisis facing working people in America remains. It will apparently take another convention this fall of unions committed to change to provide the new hope working people need.permalink | comments07.19.2005 Paul FeigThere seems to be a lot of confusion regarding the standard President Bush has set for the firing of any member of his administration that took part in the Valerie Plame leak. But a closer check of the president\u0027s statements shows that Mr. Bush has been pretty clear all along about his intention to be tough on any informers in his midst. March 13, 2004: “Anybody who leaked the identity of a CIA agent will lose all Life Cycle privileges in the White House gym during peak hours.” July 31A, 2004: \"Look, I told you, I don\u0027t like leakers. The last leaker I found in my administration is still trying to find a drycleaner who can get that grape juice stain out of his jacket. And I think you know who threw that juice.” (President points aggressively to self)...permalink | comments07.20.2005 Mario Batalithe shrimp on the grill bush denies the terra\u0027s heat crustaceans cannotSpiedini di Gamberoni 3 lbs large SHRIMP peeled and deveined...permalink | comments07.21.2005 Van JonesI grew up in the Black churches of the rural south, listening to the stories of my elders. As children, we heard about the good and brave people who had poured their blood out on the ground so that we could be free. We learned how police officers had clubbed them and jailed them. We learned how Klansmen had shot them and lynched them. And how the G-men from Washington had just stood by and doodled in their notepads. We learned of marches and mayhem, freedom songs and funerals. We saw images of Black women on their hands and knees, searching for their teeth on Mississippi sidewalks – crawling while still clutching their little American flags...read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Arianna HuffingtonI’ve just arrived in Palermo. On my way over, I decided to brush up on my Sicilian history -- and that meant delving into Thucydides and his epic chronicle of the disastrous Sicilian Expedition. Of course, I had been forced to read all that as a Greek schoolgirl. But oh what a difference the passage of many, many years and one Iraq war have made in my reading of the great Athenian soldier-historian. The parallels between his rendering of the Sicilian Expedition -- a case study in imperial power gone awry -- and our current situation in Iraq are inescapable and chilling…read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Paul RieckhoffIn an act of blatant propaganda, half-a-dozen conservative talk radio hosts spent the past week broadcasting from Iraq on a Defense Department-sponsored trip aimed at finding the \"good news that the old-line liberal news media won\u0027t tell you about.\" After a barbecue at CENTCOM in Tampa, commentator Howard Kaloogian spoke with excitement about the upcoming, \"vacation adventure.\" Mr. Kaloogian, take your war tourism and stick it up your microphone. You and your buddies stayed for a mere four days in the luxiorious confines of the Green Zone and saw images like these. Real troops are there for a year and see images like these.read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Bill DiamondFrom: K. Rove Subject: Operation “Keep Me The F*** Out of the Press” As promised, here’s a rough schedule I worked up that should keep us out of hot water for the next couple of months. Remember, this list is fluid -- no one should get wed to specific dates. July 19: 43 announces his nominee to the Supreme Court. Aug 1: Veep checks into hospital for “knee surgery.” Aug 7: EPA announces something we thought was innocuous is actually dangerous to our health. Aug 15: Something about gay marriage...permalink | comments07.20.2005 Harry ShearerYes, it was amusing to see how excited broadcast/cable media folk were, after having gotten their White House briefing, to be able to scoop the President\u0027s official announcement of the Roberts nomination by almost an hour. There\u0027s gotta be a different word for a scoop that\u0027s so assiduously spoon-fed by the scoopee. But I\u0027d rather concentrate on a real scoop -- i.e., what\u0027s with the President\u0027s jaw? During the announcement remarks, George W. Bush unveiled a (to me, at least) entirely new facial movement, and it was a trimphant debut, since the movement/tic/signal was repeated more than a dozen times.permalink | comments07.20.2005 Lizz WinsteadI wasn’t sure how long I was going to stay in this funk, when suddenly as I was watching CNN’s Late Mid-Morning Early Afternoon show, Daryn Kagan broke away from her reading without comprehension to go live to Baltimore, where the president was giving a speech about the Patriot Act. Today’s backdrop for his piece of orchestrated theatrics was a group of Maryland police officers who apparently didn’t get the memo that their Fearless Reader had cut 1 billion dollars from the 2006 Federal budget for cops and first responders.permalink | comments07.18.2005 James MooreInside the Beltway, where everyone spends far too much time sniffing each other\u0027s fumes, speculative frenzy has the Rove crisis reaching a point where the president has no choice but to separate himself from Rove. Nonsense. In Texas, we dance with the ones that brung us. Bush\u0027s presidency is a creation of Rove. In 1989, before Bush was even a marginally successful managing general partner of a losing baseball team, Rove was sitting down with a friend and explaining how he could make W governor. And five years later, he did.permalink | comments07.18.2005 Rep. John ConyersThere is really no doubt at this point that two key political operatives in the White House, namely Karl Rove and I. Lewis Libby, set about to smear Joe Wilson. They used the media to out a CIA operative, vehemently denied they had done so, and now that they cannot deny it any more, Bush backtracked to change the standard for dismissal from leaking to criminal misconduct. Now they are simply hoping and praying that both the necessary level of legal willfulness cannot be shown and that the press and Democrats can be bullied or intimidated into thinking that ethics -- as well as internal security requirements -- don\u0027t matter.permalink | comments07.20.2005 Marty KaplanAll day long, administration leakers jerked the media\u0027s chain. \"It\u0027s Judge Edith 1,\" they whispered, on double super duper background. Then: \"No, it\u0027s Judge Edith 2!\" If the day had been longer, no doubt the Bushies would have tossed even more red herrings to the clapping seals. The Washington press corps, nanoseconds after being forced to admit how humiliatingly it had been spun by Turd Blossom, just lapped it all up.permalink | comments07.20.2005 Hooman MajdNearly two weeks after the London bombings and the gloves, so to speak, are slowly coming off, at least in England. In the immediate aftermath of London’s little 9/11 (and I say \u0027little\u0027 not to diminish the tragedy but to put it in proper perspective, so thank you for your comments in advance), very few in Britain wanted to engage in politics and those who did were quickly shouted down as either apologists for terror or insensitive to the extreme. Now in Britain the media, commentators, experts and politicians are all entering the ring, quite willing to duke it out on the question of why they were attacked.permalink | comments07.22.2005 Joan Juliet BuckWhen Air America was unrolled over New Mexico I rejoiced. I would hear news and the opinions of my own tribe in the tones of my tribe: measured cadences, husky perhaps with regret, imparting facts and figures as transparent and painful as the truth. Instead, there is the voice of Randi Rhodes: screaming, squawking, screeching, selling, alas, what appear to be the same two or three ideas of what is called the left by the right. She too has the end-of-auction shipwreck voice, but instead of defensive, its mode is aggressive. I thought I was coming back to America to hear some discourse, some perspective. Is it possible that the only mode for political radio is the screeching hard sell?read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Emily LevineKarl Rove - the man to whom Bush refers as the “architect” of his 2000 Presidential campaign – is in fact the architect of a much larger campaign to replace Empirical reality with Empire reality. Empirical reality demands proof. Empire reality demands that we take it on Faith. Like WMD in Iraq. Uranium in Niger. The link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. And of course, the ever-popular “liberal media.” When Bush administration types say “liberal media”, what they mean is media that won’t take their word for it, that insist on deducing reality from facts. The larger campaign of which Rove is the architect aims to replace “secular media” with “faith-based media”.permalink | commentsReuters/Agencia O GloboJean Charles de Menezes (2nd R)From time.comAP/Peter DejongFrom Getty-AFP/Sabah ArarAFP/PIDFrom wired.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/David Bebber, PoolFrom waynetheatre.comAP/Rich PedroncelliFrom wwe.comFrom lehtiapaja.fi","h1":"“A Pervasive Culture Of Revenge”...",".title":"","h2":"Sunday RoundupThe Gonzales-Card Leak (was: Rove-Plame Leak)Spotted on VacationThe Rove-Luskin LeaksMusings From Atop AmericaLesson from Israel: The Passion for Politics and PolicyThimerosal Cover-Up: Let the Punishment Fit the CrimeHot Enough for Ya?The Workers\u0027 Convention That Might Have BeenThe Record Speaks for Itself...Heat Haiku... and a RecipeSpiritual Activism: The Religious Left Fights Back – On All FrontsThe Sicilian Expedition: Ancient History?Radio \"Truth Tour\" Ignores the Hard FactsHuffPo Exclusive: Newly Leaked Rove MemoThe President Goes JawggingFreedom SchmeedomWhy Karl Rove Will Never GoThe Nixon White House Would BlushWhat Does It Feel Like To Be Played Like A Piccolo?Stiff Upper Lip, or How I Pulled My Head Out Of The SandTalk Radio\u0027s End-of-Auction Shipwreck VoicesWhy the Focus on Rove","h3":"Huff Po\u0027s Lawrence O\u0027Donnell: Rove And Libby\u0027s Defense … In The Prosecutor\u0027s Eventual Indictment...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Police Killed Man Unrelated To Bombing Probes...London Bombings Of July 7 And July 21 Connected...Radical Cleric Predicted Second London Attack...Time\u0027s Pearlstine: “I Probably Chose To Draw It At A Place Other Editors Might Not Have”…“Pod Porn” Talks Dirty…Bush Parody Wins Faux Faulkner Competition...Read The Winning Entry...White House Refuses To Release Roberts Papers…Armstrong Caps Career With Seventh Tour Victory…Bomber Kills 22 At Baghdad Police Station…Iraq Insurgents Growing More Violent, Resilient, Sophisticated....General Admits Army Recruiting Goals Will Most Likely Fall Short...88 Killed In Egyptian Resort Blasts…6/10 Americans Think World War III Likely...64% Want Judge Roberts To Publicly State Views On Abortion…Pakistan’s Musharraf Tells Blair “You Do Your Job In Your Country. I Do My Job In My Country”…Enormous Saharan Dust Cloud Approaching U.S...Young Chinese Spies Infiltrating Western Industry…U.S., Canada Vie For Crown At World Stupidity Awards…Catholics: If You Can’t Beat It, Exploit It…Blair’s Beauty Comes At A Price…$3,130 To Be Exact…“Where Good Things Happen To Bad Movies”...“We’re Talking About Rape And Murder”...Pentagon Blocks Release Of Unseen Abu Ghraib Footage…She Does Not Know How Much Schwarzenegger Was Paid…Professional Mini-Golfers Looking For Respect...Book Clubs Ensuring Women Writers Out-Sell Men...LAPD Spends $35M To Stop Rogue Cops...Hormone Injection To “Switch Off” Appetite...New Bush AIDS Policy Cuts Funds For Relief Groups...Arab Wrestler Banned From The Ring…What\u0027s The Definition Of A Terrorist?...Free Sex, With Coupon Only…80% Of French People Think They’re Good Looking…Operation “Secure Flight” Collects 100 Million Passenger Records Illegally…Lethal Heat Wave Grounds Flights, Threatens Electrical Power…Polanski May Be Promiscuous, Court Rules Not “Tasteless And Vulgar”...Police Searching For Naked Tickler…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 25 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 25 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG252004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Reuters/Agencia O Globo Jean Charles de Menezes (2nd R) Police Killed Man Unrelated To Bombing Probes... in brief | comments London Bombings Of July 7 And July 21 Connected... in brief | comments Radical Cleric Predicted Second London Attack... in brief | comments From time.com Time\u0027s Pearlstine: “I Probably Chose To Draw It At A Place Other Editors Might Not Have”… in brief | comments “Pod Porn” Talks Dirty… in brief | comments Bush Parody Wins Faux Faulkner Competition... in brief | comments Read The Winning Entry... in brief | comments White House Refuses To Release Roberts Papers… in brief | comments AP/Peter Dejong Armstrong Caps Career With Seventh Tour Victory… in brief | comments Bomber Kills 22 At Baghdad Police Station… From Getty-AFP/Sabah Arar in brief | comments Iraq Insurgents Growing More Violent, Resilient, Sophisticated.... in brief | comments General Admits Army Recruiting Goals Will Most Likely Fall Short... in brief | comments 88 Killed In Egyptian Resort Blasts… in brief | comments 6/10 Americans Think World War III Likely... in brief | comments 64% Want Judge Roberts To Publicly State Views On Abortion… in brief | comments AFP/PID Pakistan’s Musharraf Tells Blair “You Do Your Job In Your Country. I Do My Job In My Country”… in brief | comments Enormous Saharan Dust Cloud Approaching U.S... in brief | comments Young Chinese Spies Infiltrating Western Industry… in brief | comments U.S., Canada Vie For Crown At World Stupidity Awards… in brief | comments From wired.com Catholics: If You Can’t Beat It, Exploit It… comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/David Bebber, Pool Blair’s Beauty Comes At A Price…$3,130 To Be Exact… in brief | comments From waynetheatre.com “Where Good Things Happen To Bad Movies”... in brief | comments “We’re Talking About Rape And Murder”...Pentagon Blocks Release Of Unseen Abu Ghraib Footage… in brief | comments AP/Rich Pedroncelli She Does Not Know How Much Schwarzenegger Was Paid… in brief | comments Professional Mini-Golfers Looking For Respect... in brief | comments Book Clubs Ensuring Women Writers Out-Sell Men... in brief | comments LAPD Spends $35M To Stop Rogue Cops... in brief | comments Hormone Injection To “Switch Off” Appetite... in brief | comments New Bush AIDS Policy Cuts Funds For Relief Groups... in brief | comments From wwe.com Arab Wrestler Banned From The Ring… in brief | comments What\u0027s The Definition Of A Terrorist?... in brief | comments From lehtiapaja.fi Free Sex, With Coupon Only… in brief | comments 80% Of French People Think They’re Good Looking… in brief | comments Operation “Secure Flight” Collects 100 Million Passenger Records Illegally… in brief | comments Lethal Heat Wave Grounds Flights, Threatens Electrical Power… in brief | comments Polanski May Be Promiscuous, Court Rules Not “Tasteless And Vulgar”... in brief | comments Police Searching For Naked Tickler… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Drudge Report Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050725011855,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
