{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Ron Edmonds07.14.2005 Arianna HuffingtonSeveral readers have wondered what prompted my trip to Europe. Work? Pleasure? A sudden desire to blog from thousands of miles away? Well, I can now reveal that I’ve actually been sent here by the C.I.A. to investigate the use of a certain yellow substance and how it\u0027s being transported from country to country. Thankfully, it\u0027s a lot nicer a mission than the one Joe Wilson was sent on to Niger. In my case, C.I.A. stands for Confederazione Italiana Agricoltori, which is the Italian farmers\u0027 association, and the substance in question is not uranium yellowcake but rather… well, parmesan cheese.According to Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata, an Italian News Agency, nine out of ten Italian cheeses sold in America are fakes -- that is, not really made in Italy. This, as I’m finding out in my travels, is actually quite a hot topic in Europe (okay not as hot as Rove is in America but hot). And since cheese is pretty much my favorite food, I decided to investigate Cheese-gate for myself…read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Mike McCurryI know Democratic partisans are not supposed to get weepy watching the Bush team wilt under the hot lights of Plamegate, but allow me a little sympathy for Scott McClellan who gets sent out to roast every day from the hot breath of the White House press corps. Been there, done that I would say. I was the press corps pinata for President Clinton during four zesty years that included l\u0027affaire Monique. Sometimes it is the chosen assignment of the White House Press Secretary to go out and get whacked, over and over, to see if anything interesting will spill out...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Emily LevineForget Karl Rove, what’s up with Arlen Spector? The man who explained the magic bullet theory to the Warren Commission – my favorite piece of sketch comedy after “Who’s on first?” - the Senator who savaged Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas hearings has in the past few weeks declared his ideological independence. “What gives?”, I asked my dog. He said, “Cancer. Spector’s dealing with a life-threatening disease.” Which just goes to show you how stupid this dog is. I’ve had cancer and sure, it’s a transformative experience but it’s not that transformative. I didn’t suddenly start dialing up Rush Limbaugh or join the NRA.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Dal LaMagnaEverybody’s talking about Rove. Did he commit treason? Is he a good guy or a bad guy? Is he really Bush’s brain? Or is he an extremely able, barely-within-the-law political genius? Certainly his decades of political successes are evidence of his political astuteness. Yet many of them also seem to carry a scent of duplicity, an ability to leak information that ultimately plays a great role in his wins. Let’s take a look back …read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Hooman MajdTo mislead the public by saying that Islamic terrorism is all about an \"evil ideology\" as Mr. Blair has, can not only invite a backlash against Muslims (as has happened in Britain, with one known death in Nottingham so far), but is dishonest in its over-simplification of what is a growing problem. There is a twisted and yes, evil, ideology that Muslim terrorists subscribe to, but it is disingenuous to suggest that the ideology is the only reason they strike.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Nathan GardelsThe big question now being asked by shocked cosmopolitans in London after the subway and bus bombings is not \"why do they hate us?\" but \"how could people who grew up playing cricket like the rest of us do such a thing?\" But in trying to figure out the possible mindset of the killers, we\u0027ve been here before. The same questions were asked about Omar Sheikh, the British-Pakistani who was behind the brutal beheading of Daniel Pearl…read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Cenk UygurI’ve been a life-long Republican. I just happen to care more about my country than I do about my party. I supported Ronald Reagan. I voted for and whole-heartedly supported – and to this day continue to support – George H.W. Bush. I’m against affirmative action, I’m a fiscal hawk and I held pro-war rallies during the first Persian Gulf War. But do I still call myself a Republican? Hell no. I care too much about my country to put a political party over the interests of our nation....read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Simon JenkinsFive days after we had four bombs explode on the London Tube and with everyone saying, stay calm and stay normal, US Air Force officials ordered personnel in Britain to avoid London, whether or not in uniform and including their families. Washington handed Al-Qaeda a free publicity coup on a plate. It incidentally had every front page and every pub bar ranting about cowardly Americans, jeering at the US Marines \"We are not afraid\" website, which adds \"We stand with our British brothers and sisters.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David CornWhile the White House tries to wish this scandal away, Rove\u0027s pals at the GOP and within the conservative media have fashioned a defense. It breaks down to three main points. All are them are untrue or misleading. So spin the wheel...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Kelly PrestonParents are still largely unaware that antidepressants are turning kids into walking time bombs. Eight out of the last 13 school shooters were taking prescribed psychiatric drugs, and only now is the FDA investigating the fact these drugs can cause violence.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Harry ShearerDespite the admirable cloaking of all this in the garment of \"the American public,\" the White House press corp\u0027s anger is based on one thing: Scott McClellan lied to the Whitte House press corps. The President, the Vice President, the Army and Navy football teams, the Secretary of State--all of them can lie to any or all of the planets in the solar system, and hey, that\u0027s politics. But, stand at that podium, and lie to those people, and let them eventually find out about it, and, brother, you got trouble.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David SirotaBarely a day goes by without some right-wing blowhard demonizing unions as an antichrist-like scourge ruining America. Lately, it\u0027s been shills like California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (R). Their goal is simple: they want you to believe unions are bad for everybody - union and non-union workers alike so they can justify their profit-motivated efforts to dismantle the entire labor movement. Too bad the data undermines their entire point: the simple fact is that unions actually help everybody, whether you are in a union or not.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaHow did Rove both acquire and validate the status of a NOC asset, a high level officer at that? I think that Mr. Rove was supplied the information in order to fulfill his job, namely, to deliver the “package” via the front end. Dick, however, paid a great many visits to the CIA, sent Joe Wilson abroad, and used his office and his Scooter to source this very same story. In fact, Veep even had the forged uranium yellowcake documents...read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David KirbyFor months now, a mantra of the thimerosal defenders has been as follows: “Mercury was removed from vaccines years ago, and we have not seen a drop in autism rates.” It looks like they might have to find a new slogan.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Bill DiamondAre you happy now? You proud of yourselves? Because you people couldn’t stand to be lied to any more and the press couldn’t stop itself (suddenly, miraculously) from asking questions that made the Administration very, very uncomfortable, Scott McClellan probably needs stitches on his back and normally mild-mannered Rep. King (R-NY) has turned into Yosemite Sam.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Richard BradleyThere\u0027s a lot of hubbub in the blogosphere about the news that Oliver Stone is directing a film about 9/11. Mickey Kaus thinks it\u0027s a terrible idea; James Wolcott defends Stone. I\u0027m with Wolcott. When have we become so scared of politics in our art?read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Rep. Louise SlaughterThe degree to which Mr. Rove\u0027s absurd priorities have endangered America becomes clear once we understand how important Valerie Plame was. She was at the heart of the war on terrorism. Ms. Plame had built her career around fighting exactly what the President and the highest members of his cabinet argue is the greatest threat to the security of the United States and its allies: the transfer of weapons of mass destruction from states or other sources to terrorist groups. The exposure of Valerie Plame was an attack on more than the values which the White House professes to uphold: it was an attack on the security of the United States itself.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Tom TomorrowPodheretz does not accuse Wilson of outing his own wife as a CIA agent--only of acknowledging the fact that she is his wife. And I don\u0027t actually believe that these people are so impenetrably stupid that they are unable to comprehend that simple distinction. This is just the standard right wing debate tactic that we\u0027ve seen over and over again over the past few years: throw out a ton of nonsense and see what sticks. But you can take it to the bank: in Wingnutland, it will be--if it is not already--taken as gospel truth that Joe Wilson used to run a website called \"www.my-wife-is-a-big-old-CIA-agent.com\".read whole post | permalink07.13.2005 Danielle Crittendenkickass43: could use a stiff one now sxybritguy10: u r in trouble man kickass43: rove stuff sux kickass43: can\u0027t play the game with no quarterback sxybrityguy10: bad rap sxybritguy10: at least u still got condi kickass43: she\u0027s so hot sxybritguy10: way hot kickass43: remember her in germany kickass43: the domantrix boots sxybritguy10: smokin kickass43: she rocks way more than colin sxybritguy10: kinda missed colin this yr kickass43: no way sxybritguy10: wayread whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Matt YorkAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Ron EdmondsAP/Hadi MizbanNOAAFrom kri.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AFP/Toshifumi KitamuraAP/M. Spencer GreenAP/Reed Saxon","h1":"White House Advisers: The President May Face A Credibility Problem Over Rove…",".title":"","h2":"Cheese-gate: On the Trail of Phony FormaggioA Little Sympathy for Scott McClellanSpeculating on SpectorRove: Seeds Of Destruction From Seeds Of His SuccessHeads in the SandIn Figuring Out London Bombers, Remember Danny Pearl\u0027s KillerPut Your Country Above Your PartyWashington Hands Al-Qaeda Publicity CoupKarl Rove\u0027s Reality-Free DefenseArianna\u0027s Call For Drug-Violence Investigation Never More TimelyThe NubWhy Everybody - Not Just Union Workers - Should Care About the Labor MovementProject Missing DickAutism, Mercury and the California NumbersWell I Hope You\u0027re HappyOliver Stone, Steven Spielberg, and the Theater of TerrorBush Must Keep His WordFox News WatchMore Intercepted Instant Messaging Between Bush and Blair","h3":"GOP Lawmaker: “I Think He Should Resign... I Hope Karl Rove Doesn\u0027t Come Gunning For Me”....Honest And Straightforward... 45% No 41% Yes 13% UndecidedBlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"“I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”…Huff Po\u0027s Mike McCurry: “Something Consequential Must Have Happened...”“How Long Is [Rove] Going To Stay On The Staff?”....Frist Denies He Hid $1.44M Loan...Tsunami Ripped 620 Mile Hole In Ocean Floor...Bombing Mastermind On Station Videotape With Four Other Suspects...London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated…Iraqis Dying At Rate Of 800 A Month...Rumsfeld Approved “Creative” Interrogation Tactics: Dog Confrontations, Leashing, Women’s Underwear ...Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”...Hurricane Emily Churns Westward Through Caribbean...Tribune Earnings More Than Double...Knight Ridder Earnings Fall As Internet News Booms…Verizon, SBC, Qwest, Comcast Spark Price War…Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline...Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”…“Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”…Emmy Count: HBO 93, CBS 59, NBC 54, ABC 51…“Dual View” TV…Parents And Children Now Have Even Less In Common…Schwarzenegger Gets $8M To “Further Business Objectives” Of Fitness Mags...Activist Conservatives Fight Gonzales Nomination...“They Trashed Our Show”…China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”...RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy…Da Coach Sparks Over Proposed Smoking Ban...Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot....I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise…Insult The French...Get Sued...Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt StatusFaulty Fuel Gauge Grounds Space Mission...One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 15 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 15 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG152004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP/J. Scott Applewhite “I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”… in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s Mike McCurry: “Something Consequential Must Have Happened...” AP/Ron Edmonds “How Long Is [Rove] Going To Stay On The Staff?”.... in brief | comments Frist Denies He Hid $1.44M Loan... in brief | comments Tsunami Ripped 620 Mile Hole In Ocean Floor... in brief | comments Bombing Mastermind On Station Videotape With Four Other Suspects... in brief | comments London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated… in brief | comments AP/Hadi Mizban Iraqis Dying At Rate Of 800 A Month... in brief | comments Rumsfeld Approved “Creative” Interrogation Tactics: Dog Confrontations, Leashing, Women’s Underwear ... in brief | comments Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”... in brief | comments NOAA Hurricane Emily Churns Westward Through Caribbean... in brief | comments Tribune Earnings More Than Double... in brief | comments From kri.com Knight Ridder Earnings Fall As Internet News Booms… in brief | comments Verizon, SBC, Qwest, Comcast Spark Price War… in brief | comments Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline... in brief | comments Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”… in brief | comments “Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Emmy Count: HBO 93, CBS 59, NBC 54, ABC 51… in brief | comments AFP/Toshifumi Kitamura “Dual View” TV…Parents And Children Now Have Even Less In Common… in brief | comments Schwarzenegger Gets $8M To “Further Business Objectives” Of Fitness Mags... in brief | comments Activist Conservatives Fight Gonzales Nomination... in brief | comments “They Trashed Our Show”… in brief | comments China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”... in brief | comments RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy… in brief | comments AP/M. Spencer Green Da Coach Sparks Over Proposed Smoking Ban... in brief | comments Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot.... in brief | comments AP/Reed Saxon I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise… in brief | comments Insult The French...Get Sued... in brief | comments Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt Status in brief | comments Faulty Fuel Gauge Grounds Space Mission... in brief | comments One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050715030359,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
