{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaIt’s Sunday, time for our weekly round up of some of the most interesting posts of the week. Looking them over, I was struck by how effectively a number of them prove a point I’ve always hoped the Huffington Post would make: that seeing the world in terms of right vs left is utterly obsolete. Just give Adam McKay a read, and see how he blows the right/left divide to pieces. Do the same with Rob Reiner, Christine Lahti, and Danielle Crittenden and ask yourself what is left wing or right wing about organizing parents to have a greater voice in setting the national agenda, drawing attention to the shockingly widespread sexual abuse of young girls in Africa, or challenging U.S. feminists to fight for the rights of women in the Middle East? And even Tom Hayden, while using right-left language, in fact describes an alliance across the political spectrum willing to tell the truth about Iraq.05.27.2005 Adam McKayI believe in a strong military. I supported the incursion into Serbia. I support what we did in WW II and I support what we did in Afghanistan shortly after 9/11. But for the life of me I don\u0027t get the whole Iraq thing and how we\u0027ve all forgiven the mistakes made by our leaders that led to 100,000 Iraqi deaths and thirty thousand U.S. casualties. What am I missing? How is this cool? And how does it make me an acid-crazed hippy to question this?read whole post | permalink05.25.2005 Bill MaherI can see why administration supporters would want to deflect attention away from the gist of what I was saying, which was this: now that we can\u0027t meet our recruiting goals, maybe it\u0027s the people who were so gung ho for this war to begin with who should step up and go fight it. But of course it\u0027s always easier to distract people.permalink05.26.2005 Christine LahtiWouldn’t it be great if our First Lady, on her next overseas trip to promote the rights of women, went directly to Africa? In my fantasies, I can see her handing out condoms, AIDS education pamphlets and medical supplies during her visit. Now that would be a picture worth a thousand words -- one worth seeing around the globe.permalink05.25.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellSenator McCain knew that he was risking his political future every minute he was in the room discussing compromise. What Senator McCain did in the end -- pushing both gangs of seven together for the press conference announcing what no one thought they could accomplish -- is easily the bravest political act of this century.permalink05.26.2005 Erica JongIf every three-day-old embryo has the legal protection of a human life, how far are we from the time that sperm and egg cells are also protected as incipient human lives? Philip Roth had a spoof on this three decades ago when he imagined the Christian Right outlawing male masturbation on the grounds that it was anti-life. At the time it seemed like slapstick comedy, now we are catching up with Roth\u0027s wildest fantasies.read whole post | permalink | comments (44)05.26.2005 Rob ReinerUntil our nation\u0027s parents get organized, American politicians will continue to say \"Children are our future\" without delivering a coherent public policy that honors those words in action with universal preschool, universal health care, quality child care and a real investment in public education. That is why we are reintroducing ourselves with a bold new name -- Parents\u0027 Action for Children -- as the first voice for America\u0027s parents; a voice that has the power to change our political landscape and achieve real results for America\u0027s families.read whole post | permalink05.27.2005 Tom HaydenThe left and Right have the unfettered ability to explore the truth without the spin that comes with being in power. Left brings a massive constituency led by a Democratic Party too nervous to speak of peace. The Right brings a massive constituency concerned about neo-conservatives hijacking the conservative cause. Together a Left-Right informal alliance represents a bipartisan majority that can return politics to the homefront.read whole post | permalink05.26.2005 Brad HallIt’s always opposite day with this bunch: No Child Left Behind, \"Mission Accomplished!\", Patriot Act, Healthy Forests Initiative, honoring Tom DeLay, et al. Got to be Opposite Day, right? The problem is that they’re leaving out Opposite Day’s most basic element: the part where you shout, “It’s Opposite Day!” If you don’t say those magic words, you’re just a liar liar pants on fire. A playground theme develops: Bullying, name-calling, teasing the smart kids, changing the rules as you go along... Somebody needs a time-out.permalink05.26.2005 Ralph NeasLet’s be honest. It was hard to stomach the Senate’s confirmation of Priscilla Owen to the federal appeals court on Wednesday. She doesn’t belong there and she\u0027s probably not the last bad Bush judge to get on the courts. But the deal that gave her the vote is still a resounding defeat for the radical right. If you have any doubts that the compromise that denied Senator Frist the ability to detonate his nuclear option was a defeat for the radical right, just listen to the weeping and gnashing of far-right teeth...read whole post | permalink05.26.2005 Lizz WinsteadThe only science that may work to prevent kids from having sex may be reverse psychology. Maybe if you sit your kids down and say, “When I grab your mothers’ firm buttocks and mount her like a stallion, she screams for the whip and God do I make her beg for it!” After they’ve stopped throwing up, maybe they’ll vow never to have sex.read whole post | permalink05.26.2005 Richard CarlsonNatan Sharansky came by my office for lunch last week. As a reader of Arianna\u0027s blog you may not like what he had to say about the invasion of Iraq by President Bush, and its effect on the totalitarian and authoritarian governments of the mideast, but you should know it anyway.read whole post | permalink05.27.2005 Danielle CrittendenI\u0027ve never understood why women’s groups weren\u0027t out front cheering the wars against the Taliban in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein\u0027s Iraq. Were there ever more feminist wars than these? You\u0027d think the National Organization for Women would be egging the administration on to Saudi Arabia and Iran. But no...read whole post | permalink | comments (86)05.27.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWhy can’t Democratic leaders talk straight about Iraq? The latest example is Hillary Clinton on CNN: \"You know, I am not one who feels comfortable setting exit strategies. We don\u0027t know what we\u0027re exiting from. We don\u0027t know what the situation is moving toward…. How do we know where we\u0027re headed, when we don\u0027t know where we are?\"Wow. Very existential. Very Zen koan. If a foreign policy disintegrates in the desert and no one hears it fail, what does this mean for our country and for our safety? Do you hear that? It’s the sound of one Greek gagging.read whole post | permalink | comments (52)05.26.2005 Paul FeigI was watching Dr. Frist\u0027s speech on the Senate floor regarding the compromise over judicial filibusters and had decided to create my own drinking game based around his usage of the term \"up or down vote.\" I am currently in the emergency room of St. Joseph\u0027s hospital in Burbank with alcohol poisoning. Please ask those on the Christian right to pray for me.permalink05.26.2005 Geraldine LaybourneOn Tuesday, John Tierney in the New York Times presented a nuanced and seemingly logical argument entitled “What Women Want.” He told of an experiment in Pittsburgh where they gave men and women five numbers to add in their heads and they were paid for every correct answer. The women did great. Then they broke the groups into teams. The women did great. Then they asked, “Who wants to be in a tournament?” Even the worst performing men wanted to be in the tournament. And guess what…the women weren’t so keen. Even the best said no thanks. Tierney’s conclusion was women don’t like to compete. Hello?permalink | comments (18)05.26.2005 Trey EllisWhat interests me most is how some black men seem to discover their “blackness” only when every other avenue seems closed to them. O.J. had hardly a black friend among his buddies at the Riviera Country Club and yet he ran straight to the all-forgiving black bosom as soon as the blood had dried on his Bruno Maglis (allegedly of course).permalink05.24.2005 Paul RieckhoffPat Tillman was not character in a video game. He was not a piece on a chess board. He was a real person. And a damn good one. Just like every single one of our troops who has died. Even if you weren\u0027t a sports fan, you know his name now. Honor him by finding out the names of some others.permalink | comments (1)05.26.2005 Larry GelbartWhy is the Air Force Academy behaving as though the flying machine was invented by the far-Wright Brothers? Don\u0027t equal opportunity considerations require the creation of an American-Jewish Air Force, as well? One that would fly only from right to left?read whole post | permalink05.25.2005 Zachary J. IscolI had the pleasure and great honor to serve with Sergeant Byron Norwood. He may have joined the Marine Corps for lofty ideals, but he fought and gave his life because of his love for the Marines he served alongside. Byron showed us that while war may be the embodiment of evil and hell -- it is also a place of great love and compassion for one’s fellow man.permalink | comments (9)05.25.2005 Bree WalkerSomewhere in your family genetics lurks a horrifying truth: a hereditary disease or painful disability that could likely be wiped out by the use of stem cells. Watching my mother and father die long, painful deaths from cancer and diabetes convinced me that I needed to promote stem cell research here in the country where we had a leading edge. That is, until the Bush Administration and the religious (but not) right put a halt to all of it.permalink","h1":"Blast Shakes NATO Headquarters in KabulFrance rejects EU treaty, EU into crisis",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowWhat Were We Fighting Over Again?Fruit\"Africa\u0027s Time Has Come\"The Bravest Political Act of the CenturyPresident Bush and the BlastocystParents\u0027 Action for ChildrenIraq: A Bipartisan Call to Return Politics to the HomefrontOpposite DayDealing Defeat to the Far RightRage Against The Hormone MachineIraq: A View Worth ConsideringARE YOU FREE, WOMAN? TAKE THIS FUN, EASY QUIZ!Hillary\u0027s Exit Strategy: Very ExistentialThe Frist Filibuster Drinking GameThe NY Times Has No Idea \"What Women Want\"Michael Jackson: Discovering the Bottom of the Well of Black ForgivenessHonoring Pat TillmanSkyward, Christian SoldiersMemorial DayStem Cells Our Only Hope","h3":"Breaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"40,000 Iraqi Troops Launch Operation Lightning; Insurgents Fight Back, Killing 30FBI 9/11 Whisteblower to Run for CongressPORK: Hastert Skirting Procedures Gives Hometown $24 millionFor Oil, White House Changes Its Definition of DemocracyExperts: World\u0027s Oil Production Peaking, Decline NearTests Set For Multi-Billion Dollar Airline Missile Defense SystemDoonesbury Cartoon Is In Memorium To Fallen TroopsClosing Military Bases Could Get Nuclear WasteJob Performance Awards For Analysts Cited In Failed Iraq Intel. ReportMcCain vs. Frist Over Secret Bolton DocumentsCherie Blair To Cash In On U.S. Speaking TourHouse of Horrors: Military Displays Wax SaddamDanica Patrick Runs Out of Fuel in Last Laps; Englishman Wins Indy 500Son of Slain Opposition Leader Apparent Winner in LebanonFor $16,000 Smithsonian Will Display Anti-Evolution ArgumentIn New Reality Show, Contestants Compete for College CashCell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. SongOliver Stone Arrested on Drug, DUI ChargesNine Inch Nails And MTV Clash Over Bush PhotoCambodia\u0027s Ex-King Delights in BloggingRalph Reed Cut From Microsoft PayrollDepp Goes Gonzo: Actor to Fire Hunter S. Thompson\u0027s Ashes Out of Cannon","h5":"Interview With Winner, Saad HaririLink to \u0027Crazy Frog Axel F\u0027 Video and Ring","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"APR MAY JUN 30 2004 2005 2006 31,335 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 30 2004 2005 2006APR MAY JUN302004 2005 200631,335 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 1640,000 Iraqi Troops Launch Operation Lightning; Insurgents Fight Back, Killing 30 in brief | comments FBI 9/11 Whisteblower to Run for Congress in brief | comments PORK: Hastert Skirting Procedures Gives Hometown $24 million in brief | comments For Oil, White House Changes Its Definition of Democracy in brief | comments Experts: World\u0027s Oil Production Peaking, Decline Near in brief | comments Tests Set For Multi-Billion Dollar Airline Missile Defense System in brief | comments Doonesbury Cartoon Is In Memorium To Fallen Troops in brief | comments Closing Military Bases Could Get Nuclear Waste in brief | comments Job Performance Awards For Analysts Cited In Failed Iraq Intel. Report in brief | comments McCain vs. Frist Over Secret Bolton Documents in brief | comments Cherie Blair To Cash In On U.S. Speaking Tour in brief | comments House of Horrors: Military Displays Wax Saddam in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Danica Patrick Runs Out of Fuel in Last Laps; Englishman Wins Indy 500 in brief | comments Son of Slain Opposition Leader Apparent Winner in Lebanon in brief | comments Interview With Winner, Saad Hariri in brief | comments For $16,000 Smithsonian Will Display Anti-Evolution Argument in brief | comments In New Reality Show, Contestants Compete for College Cash in brief | comments Cell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. Song in brief | comments Link to \u0027Crazy Frog Axel F\u0027 Video and Ring in brief | comments Oliver Stone Arrested on Drug, DUI Charges in brief | comments Nine Inch Nails And MTV Clash Over Bush Photo in brief | comments Cambodia\u0027s Ex-King Delights in Blogging in brief | comments Ralph Reed Cut From Microsoft Payroll in brief | comments Depp Goes Gonzo: Actor to Fire Hunter S. Thompson\u0027s Ashes Out of Cannon in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050530001512,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
