{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaA question: why the hell aren\u0027t we seeing more administration insiders tendering their resignations? With the White House listing and keeling over Iraq, you’d think more of them would be scrambling for the lifeboats. Which is not to imply that they are rats leaving a sinking ship -- or the Bush equivalent of Titanic’s Billy Zane, pushing the women and children out of the way to secure a spot. Indeed, I consider someone quitting on principle -- sacrificing personal standing in the national interest -- to be one of the noblest acts a public figure can perform.And there is a long tradition of this kind of selfless deed. In 1945, Interior Secretary Harold L. Ickes resigned from President Truman\u0027s cabinet, saying: \"I don’t care to stay in an administration where I am expected to commit perjury for the sake of the party\". Memo to Scott McClellan: you might want to put that on your iPod and press \"repeat\"... who knows, it might sink in. In 1973, Elliot Richardson resigned rather than take part in the Saturday Night Massacre, telling Nixon: \"Mr. President, it would appear that we have a different perception of the public interest.\" Memo to Condi Rice: see above.So where are the Iraq war equivalents of Ickes and Richardson?Read More.06.21.2005 Vernon JordanThe conviction of Edgar Ray Killen comes on the 41st anniversary of the brutal murders of three civil rights workers for which he was convicted. Some, including myself, will be disappointed that the jury shrank back from convicting him of murder and instead rendered a verdict of guilty of felony manslaughter. But that hardly diminishes the importance of the verdict. That importance lies in the vindication of the truth that \"the wheels of justice grind slowly, but exceedingly fine.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Norman MailerIn the wake of all the fluvial funereal obsequies that the media attached to Ronald Reagan\u0027s earthly departure, I felt obliged to remark that he had been the most overrated president in American history and the second most ignorant. Then I added -- how could I not? -- guess who is the most ignorant? Half the audience applauded; the other half were outraged and groaned in true patriotic pain.Since George W. is not only a horse\u0027s ass, but vain and platitudinous to boot, it can hardly escape us that he is also serving (with all due inner incandescence) as God\u0027s chosen envoy for America.permalink | comments06.21.2005 Jonathan AlterOnly a day after I ripped Jeb Bush for his despicable treatment of Michael Schiavo, the story became a little more complicated. Schiavo got weird in the way he chose to bury his wife, making it seem on the gravestone as if she had died 15 years ago. He also put on the stone a reference to himself (\"I Kept My Promise\"), as if her whole life were about him.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Michael Smerconish“There’s no torture going on down there and there hasn’t been,” said the Secretary of Defense to me today. “The people down there at Guantanomo Bay, under the President’s orders, have been treated humanely, and they should be treated humanely. But these are terrorist, trainers, bomb makers, suicide bombers, UBL’s bodyguards, the 20th hijacker, recruiters and facilitators. These are bad people. These are people who want to go out and kill innocent men, women, and children... And those who are suggesting that the management, or handling by our military of what’s going on in Guatanomo Bay is not the way it should be are flat wrong.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Harry ShearerBritish TV news is very, very different from the American product, so much so that CNN\u0027s International feed seems to feel the need to ape the Brit style, lest its international viewers be appalled at what real American TV news is like these days. For one thing, look at those teeth. British TV news presenters have the local dentition, which is to say, watch this space, a tooth may appear here shortly.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Tom HaydenIt was the week that Washington woke up to the war. Politicians were climbing over each other to announce their plans for peace. In the most stunning development, Maxine Waters led a rebellion against House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, and formed the impromptu \"Out of Iraq\" caucus. Rep. John Conyers continued his steady leadership by chairing a hearing on the Downing Street Memoranda, attended by over 25 members in a tiny basement room forced on them by a peeved Republican leadership. Conyers and other members then took 500,000 petitions to the White House gates before addressing a rally in Lafayette Park.read whole post | permalink | comments06.21.2005 Jesse KornbluthI came to Paris this month to work on my book without the incessant buzz of American culture in my head. My wife knew that there’s no life for us without at least some of that buzz --- when she saw that Bruce Springsteen was playing in Paris midway through our visit, she bought tickets on eBay. So instead of a leisurely dinner and a long walk home last night, we went to the Bercy Arena for Bruce\u0027s one-man show. Twenty-six songs later, I can confirm what I always suspected --- when you get down to it, there\u0027s a lot of Jersey in Paris.read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Simon JenkinsThe real damage in Tom Friedman\u0027s column: the thesis is that it WOULD have been fine if only America had used massive force. It was the Westmoreland thesis in Vietnam. It was not the force that was lacking but the intelligence and humility. More force would simply have killed more people and ensured a more massive insurgency. I am afraid that sooner or later America will just have to eat humble pie and realise that France was right. You (and we) had no business there, period.permalink | comments06.20.2005 Hooman MajdConsidering the Iranian elections, I imagined the following exchange between uber-conservative candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Karl Rove: KR: Listen; I always told you it’s about ‘moral values’. MA: I’m going to have a harder time against Hashemi alone. He is a cleric after all. KR: Don’t worry about that. His daughter runs a magazine, he’s talking nice about America, and he wants to expand social freedoms. Do your supporters want their daughters running around with boys? Do they want to see Janet Jackson’s tits on TV? MA: Who’s Janet Jackson?read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Nellie BLet\u0027s face it, any \"flag protection\" law won\u0027t be used to keep good ol\u0027 boys from flying those made-in-China non-regulation flags on their pick-em-up trucks until they\u0027re unrecognizable rags, nor will it stop retailers from selling flag-motif paper plates and disposable cups (talk about disrespect for the flag). No, the whole point is to create another cudgel to bash that rare creature, a flag-burning dissident. That sort of flag disrespect gets people upset.read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Kerry KennedyI spent several years interviewing human rights defenders around the world about the quality of courage for the book Speak Truth to Power: Human Rights Defenders Who Are Changing Our World, which has since grown into a theatrical presentation, a touring photographic exhibition, an education and advocacy packet, and an award-winning website composed of powerful interviews and photographs celebrating the courageous actions, lives, and dreams of human rights activists from around the world.read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Gene StoneRemember how, in the Odyssey, dawn is always, “rosy fingered dawn?” Or during the heyday of Spy Magazine, Donald Trump was always “short-fingered vulgarian Donald Trump\"? Every time Lucianne Goldberg’s name is mentioned, the word “thief” should be right there. Every time anyone on the far right who’s guilty of any kind of criminal behavior is mentioned, the facts should be right there.read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Jillian Crane and Shawn Tolleson\"You\u0027ve got to see this video. This guy would be perfect to direct DOWN BOY! \"Cedric\" maintained. Late that night I popped in the tape thinking I was going to see a light hearted mini-series like, UPSTAIRS, DOWNSTAIRS. But by the second time the older woman dressed as a boy went down on the young girl in a corsette, I realized I was going to be watching something more like Playboy After Dark. I wondered what had gotten into \"Cedric\" at first. But by the end of the series, not only was I totally turned on but I loved the directing! Except now we may have to change our title to DOWN GIRL!read whole post | permalink | comments06.20.2005 Rick JacobsLBJ was all about a truly Great Society, a society of hope, ideas, openness, capacity for the smallest guy to become whatever she wants. He made dreams reality. He wanted each generation to grow on the shoulders of the last, not to be hobbled by the greed of its day... Where are the giants among us today?read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Frist Has Lost Control Of The Republican Run Senate...When Quitting is the Best Thing to doThe Wheels of JusticeGod\u0027s Chosen Envoy for AmericaMichael Schiavo v. Jeb (Sharpton) BushA Timely Conversation with Donald RumsfeldWhat\u0027s That Sound?Dems Break with PelosiBruce Springsteen in Paris: \"Je veux vous donner mon meilleur\"The Real Damage in Tom Friedman\u0027s ColumnAyatollah RoveFlagging InterestSpeak Truth to PowerDoctor, Lawyer, Indian Chief. Lucianne Goldberg is a ThiefHurry Up and Wait for the LesbiansLBJ and the Time of Great Ideas","h3":"Common Virus That Kills Cancer...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Tomlinson\u0027s Days Are Numbered...New Polls Dismal For Bush....DeLay\u0027s Troubles: Follow The Money...Lobbying Now One Of The Most Prosperous Businesses In U.S....Notorious B.I.G. Murder Mystery Goes To Trial...Ambassador To Iraq Expresses Horror ...82 Iraqi Lawmakers Demand Pullout Of American Troops ...Marine Corps Investigation Shows 30,000 Marines Lack Sufficient Gear, Weapons In IraqA Birth Control Pill For MenBush Is Placing Science Under Siege...Jack Kilby Dies, One Of \u0027A Handful Of People Whose Works Have Truly Transformed The World\u0027Sen. Biden Has Some Harsh Words For Bush...Fighting Even Over Schiavo\u0027s Grave...HuffPo\u0027s Jonathan Alter On Terri Schiavo, Jeb Bush, and Al Sharpton\u0027Purple Haze\u0027 Lollipops, \u0027Nothing But Dope Candy\u0027 ...Reality TV Script Writers Go Public...At Fancy New York Restaurant, Waiters Fired For Being ... FrenchEx-KKK Member Convicted in 1964 KillingsBush Backs Soc. Sec. Bill Without Private Accounts\u0027Want [To] Live In Premium Hotels? Want [To] Own Beautiful Girls?\u0027 ...In Iranian Campaign, Rafsanjani Text Messages Voters Jokes...Federal Agency Collected Extensive Personal Data On Airline Passengers ...Lions Rescue Kidnapped Girl In Ethiopia ...Political Leanings May Be Genetic ...Sen. Biden: \u0027I\u0027m Not Allowed To Be There When The Flag-Draped Casket Comes In\u0027 ...\u0027Like A Moth To A Flame, Democrats Can\u0027t Help Themselves When It Comes To Denigrating And Demonizing Christians\u0027 ...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 22 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 22 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL222004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Tomlinson\u0027s Days Are Numbered... in brief | comments New Polls Dismal For Bush.... in brief | comments DeLay\u0027s Troubles: Follow The Money... in brief | comments Lobbying Now One Of The Most Prosperous Businesses In U.S.... in brief | comments Notorious B.I.G. Murder Mystery Goes To Trial... in brief | comments Common Virus That Kills Cancer... in brief | comments Ambassador To Iraq Expresses Horror ... in brief | comments 82 Iraqi Lawmakers Demand Pullout Of American Troops ... in brief | comments Marine Corps Investigation Shows 30,000 Marines Lack Sufficient Gear, Weapons In Iraq in brief | comments A Birth Control Pill For Men in brief | comments Bush Is Placing Science Under Siege... in brief | comments Jack Kilby Dies, One Of \u0027A Handful Of People Whose Works Have Truly Transformed The World\u0027 in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Sen. Biden Has Some Harsh Words For Bush... in brief | comments Fighting Even Over Schiavo\u0027s Grave... in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s Jonathan Alter On Terri Schiavo, Jeb Bush, and Al Sharpton in brief | comments \u0027Purple Haze\u0027 Lollipops, \u0027Nothing But Dope Candy\u0027 ... in brief | comments Reality TV Script Writers Go Public... in brief | comments At Fancy New York Restaurant, Waiters Fired For Being ... French in brief | comments Ex-KKK Member Convicted in 1964 Killings in brief | comments Bush Backs Soc. Sec. Bill Without Private Accounts in brief | comments \u0027Want [To] Live In Premium Hotels? Want [To] Own Beautiful Girls?\u0027 ... in brief | comments In Iranian Campaign, Rafsanjani Text Messages Voters Jokes... in brief | comments Federal Agency Collected Extensive Personal Data On Airline Passengers ... in brief | comments Lions Rescue Kidnapped Girl In Ethiopia ... in brief | comments Political Leanings May Be Genetic ... in brief | comments Sen. Biden: \u0027I\u0027m Not Allowed To Be There When The Flag-Draped Casket Comes In\u0027 ... in brief | comments \u0027Like A Moth To A Flame, Democrats Can\u0027t Help Themselves When It Comes To Denigrating And Demonizing Christians\u0027 ... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050622050310,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
