{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"06.29.2005 Arianna HuffingtonFor anyone watching television last night, there was a stunning moment of clarity about Iraq. Sadly, it wasn’t in Bush’s speech, but in the “analysis” afterwards. And for those wondering how we got into this mess, here’s an answer: the media continue to refuse to call the administration on its deceptions… indeed, they even praise the skill with which they are perpetrated.Witness uber-pundit David Gergen’s dissection of Bush’s speech last night on CNN’s Paula Zahn Now. While admitting that the president’s linking of 9/11 with Iraq was a “myth” he, in the next breath, praised Bush’s masterful use of his “trump card” -- a term Gergen used no less than three times. Gergen knows that linking 9/11 to Iraq is a scam. He acknowledges it but instead focuses on a chilling amoral appreciation of the fact that Bush played the scam well. Stunning. Do truth and reality mean nothing anymore? Is it all just a rhetorical contest now? Except, you know, with the consequence of U.S. soldiers and Iraqis dying every day?read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 David ReesMichael Ignatieff is so far up his own ass, his ankles are coming out of his ears. To summarize his argument in Sunday\u0027s New York Times: 1. Bush invaded Iraq to fulfill the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. 2. Bush explicitly sold the war as the fulfillment of the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. 3. Americans supported the war (and re-elected Bush) because they love the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. Point #1 may or may not be true; I have my doubts. Points #2 and 3 are demonstrably false. Bush did not sell the Iraq war as a war of Jeffersonian liberation -- he retroactively justified it as one.read whole post | permalink06.29.2005 Sen. Russ FeingoldWith the country listening, the President had the chance to finally give our troops and the American public some sense of when he believes this conflict in Iraq will be over and when our brave men and women in uniform will come home. Instead, the President urged us to remember the lessons of 9/11. But it is with those lessons in mind that I oppose the Administration\u0027s current approach to Iraq. The President keeps talking about staying the course, but what the American people really want is candor and clarity about where this course is taking us.read whole post | permalink06.29.2005 Danielle CrittendenWith due deference to Larry David, here are a conservative\u0027s insomniac thoughts after a nightmare that the President announced he would cave into the anti-war view and cut and run from Iraq: Gosh, was that real? No … no … that’s not what the President said, thank God. But it felt real. The Fox news logo, the ticker running below the President’s face as he tried to summon that Will Ferrell expression of cockiness. We have decided the best course for America is the immediate withdrawal of our troops from the region. The liberal commentators, they looked so gleeful. Not happy gleeful. Gleeful the way a wolf’s eyes sparkle when it has its prey within reach...read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Bill DiamondNo departures from President Bush\u0027s \"Recipe For A Successful Speech\" last night. Three parts fearmongering to two parts flag waving, mix in a few \"stay the courses\", add a dash of polite applause (although it turns out that last part is entirely optional -- who knew?), throw it all in a blender and smirk. Should take thirty minutes or twelve years to complete and, of course, there\u0027s no need to apologize for the horrible mess. Personally, the only real surprise was that the address wasn\u0027t preceded by a sudden elevation in the Homeland Security Threat Level.permalink | comments06.29.2005 Susan RiceOk, maybe I’m just slow. But, every time for the last couple years when Bush said “we are fighting the terrorists abroad so we don’t have to fight them at home,” I’ve cussed and spat: “Stop insulting our intelligence!!!” We know Al Qaeda is a multi-headed hydra with cells in some 60 countries, including our own. Just because we are fighting jihadists in Afghanistan or Iraq doesn’t mean they cannot and will not attack us here. It’s not like 9/11 took a lot of men, or money, or was a high-tech attack. But, last night, it occurred to me that maybe, just maybe, Bush and his team truly believe their own rhetoric.read whole post | permalink06.29.2005 Harry ShearerIt is possible to contend that the major cause of the insurgency in Iraq at this moment is the presence of American troops there. Yet I found no spokesman for this view represented on the after-speech commentary. Derided as \"cut-and-run\" (from the same Vietnam rhetoric catalog as \"stay the course\"), this view has been shut out of the post-speech debate, giving viewers a blinkered view of the policy possibilities that face us.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 David CornHey, how about that Bush speech on Iraq? Lots of new stuff. I was stunned when he told us he thought Cheney was \"off his rocker\" (was that an age-ist crack?) for saying that insurgency was in its \"last throes.\" He also announced that his daughters, with his encouragement, were enlisting in the Army and volunteering for duty in Iraq. \"They\u0027re not asking for any special treatment,\" he said. \"Laura and I are so proud of them.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Walter ShapiroThere is no better gauge to the political realities behind a war-time address than the rhetorical questions the president feels compelled to pose. When the Commander in Chief has to ask, \"Is the sacrifice worth it?\" you can intuit that the war has not been a glorious success.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Carl PopeBesides being a successful businessman, Greg James is a strong environmentalist, and we spent a solid forty-five minutes agreeing on the folly of continuing to depend on oil from companies like Exxon Mobil, which admits that world oil production will soon decline but still fights hard to persuade us not to take action now to wean ourselves from \"Texas tea.\" But James is not content to bitch -- he\u0027s doing something. He\u0027s offered everyone on his staff what he calls the \"eco-car incentive.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Paul RieckhoffLast night’s speech by the President failed to answer the most fundamental questions Troops have about the situation in Iraq. I find it interesting that the guys handpicked to be the President’s audience were rather reserved in their response. Either this was a deliberate move by the White House (unlikely, because why would they not want troops cheering wildly?) or those men and women in the audience felt the same way I did – unsatisfied.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Paul KrassnerI decided to watch Bushspeak on ABC, but there was a commercial for a movie. I thought I had the wrong channel. The movie was Empire, so it was appropriate after all. The all-military audience didn’t applaud Bush’s entrance, nor did they applaud his applause lines, except for one (the applause was initiated by a member of the President\u0027s advance team) where Bush said that U.S. troops wouldn’t leave Iraq until we won. I hope I didn’t miss anything while I ran to get my calendar... Bush is our Cheerleader-in-Chief.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Hooman MajdListening to talk radio after the President’s speech on Iraq, it seems that Americans generally think that Republicans believe the Iraq war is good, and that Democrats believe it is bad. So here’s a thought, Democrats. Explain to Republicans that you like a good war just as much as they do, but that this war is simply not good but more importantly can’t be made good. Not by any definition of the word good.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Max BlumenthalBush\u0027s address last evening contained all the expected outrages. The exploitation of soldiers for an aesthetic effect; the bellicose tone; the myriad falsehoods; the repetitious, Tourette\u0027s Syndrome-like delivery -- this stuff never fails to make me cringe. But there was one thing leapt out of the speech like a jack-in-the-box. It was Bush\u0027s employment of bin Laden\u0027s words not to show how cynical the terrorists are, but to quell his own critics.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Bob BarrNow Congress and the administration want to expand the Patriot Act so they can get at our medical, library or gun purchase records (among many, many other things) without getting a judge\u0027s sign-off first. Are they serious? Giving the FBI this kind of carte blanche fishing–expedition power, and making this a permanent part of our law no matter who is in the White House is not just wrong, it\u0027s foolish. And it certainly isn\u0027t conservative.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Rob LongI spent a few days recently at the Chopra Institute in Carlsbad, California, on the grounds of the swank and luxurious La Costa Resort and Spa. I went there because it suddenly seemed to me that a life spent surfing the Net in slack-jawed stupor, or revising an ever-lengthening enemies list, or staring into the middle distance robotically eating deep-fried snacks, was probably a life that could use a little fine-tuning in the care-and-feeding-of-the-soul department. Plus, as I said, I was about to turn 40.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Katrina vanden HeuvelAs you all have heard, Karl Rove said liberals wanted to offer the terrorists therapy after 9/11. One person liberals would like to see in therapy: Karl Rove. How else to understand the enemy? I\u0027d like to know what terrible childhood trauma caused an Episcopalian from Utah to believe establishing a permanent Republican majority was his life\u0027s calling. Was he abused by a homeless man? Did feminists burn his American flag notebook at a pro-choice rally?read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Rep. Barney FrankKarl Rove\u0027s dishonest attack on liberals was not simply a random political shot, but rather part of an effort to resuscitate the discredited claim that the war in Iraq was a response to 9/11. This is clearly a strategy dictated by the increasing public awareness that the Administration\u0027s rationales for the war in Iraq were dishonest, and that neither the weapons of mass destruction argument nor the response to terrorism argument have any validity.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Margaret NagleWhen Rove met George W. Bush he was floundering – a lost son of a U.S. President in search of some meaning in his life. What better way for Rove to fulfill his own ambitions by channeling them through someone more handsome, more connected and oh, so pliable. A determined survivor with a drive fueled by pain meets his fate.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Larry DavidIf they hate Hollywood so much, maybe they should just start making their own movies and TV shows. In fact, we should just split into two different countries. Then, after our stem cell research gives us the cure for all these diseases, they’ll all be trying to get across the border for our medicine, but our minutemen won’t let them. And we’ll have a lot of minutemen. I think I’ll be a minuteman. “Sorry, but our scientists worked very hard to come up with a cure for Parkinson’s and there’s only enough medicine for our people. So beat it.\" ...Well there’s only one way I can get to sleep now. It always works. Sure, wake her up. That’s just what every Jewish woman wants. Sex in the middle of the night. Go ahead. This I want to see.read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"CAPITOL EVACUATED...Bush Plays His 9/11 Trump Card; The Media Applauds His TrickeryMy Old Bus StopGive Us Candor and Clarity if You Want ResolveThe Roving Thoughts of a Conservative InsomniacCooking with BushBush\u0027s Speech: Is He for Real?Narrowing the WindowBush\u0027s Stunning, Surprising, Full-of-News Speech on IraqRhetorical Verdict: A C-Minus SpeechPutting Your Money Where Your Mouth IsThe President\u0027s Speech -- Rabbit Season! Duck Season!Capsule Review....And Thanks for a Lovely WarBush Stares Into The AbyssExpanding the Patriot Act: Foolish... And Certainly Not ConservativeTrying Not to Fall AsleepRove on the CouchRove\u0027s Goal: Resuscitate the Phony Iraq-9/11 ConnectionRove\u0027s TurnThe Roving Thoughts of a Liberal Insomniac","h3":"Miller And Cooper Go To Jail If They Don\u0027t Reveal Source In A Week...“No Bigger Issue On The Christian Agenda”...Bush Repeatedly Cites 9/11, Calls Iraq Sacrifice \u0027Worth It\u0027...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Rumsfeld Says Media Speads \u0027Misinformation\u0027 About Iraq...Army Divorce Rates Rising Since 2001...New, Bomb Resistant Freedom Tower Unveiled...Canada To Ban Bulk Exports Of Rx Drugs...Bush Administration Shorts Veterans Medical Care By $2.6B...TV Stations Are Their Own Best Customers...Nixon Called Indira Gandhi An “Old Witch” According To Tapes...Scientists Publish \u0027Road Map For Terrorists\u0027 Paper Despite Government Protests...Poll Shows Majority of Californians Don\u0027t Want Schwarzenegger Re-Elected...Rising Sea Levels To Cause Nuclear Dump To Leak...\u0027Dancing With The Stars\u0027 Airs, 500 Calls To Wrong Toll-Free Number...Same-Sex Marriage Bill Advances In Canada....Fly Girl Dishes About Former Lovers Shaq, P. Diddy, Vin Diesel...Putin Makes Off With Patriot Owner\u0027s Superbowl Ring...State Department Doctors Bono Quote...Cruise To German Reporter: \u0027Are You Really So Arrogant As To Believe We Are Alone In This Universe?\u0027Activists Say Aquarium Sends Bad Message By Cooking Fish For Lunch...Poll Shows Majority Wants Bush To Be Flexible With Dems. On Supreme Court Choices...160 Million Pot Smokers Worldwide...Woman Sues Dairy Industry Over Weight-Loss Promotions...U2\u0027s Bono Wants Hat, Earrings, Sweat Shirt Back...All Levels Of Radiation Link To Cancer Panel Confirms...Evangelical Church Brings In $55M A Year...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 30 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 30 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL302004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Rumsfeld Says Media Speads \u0027Misinformation\u0027 About Iraq... in brief | comments Army Divorce Rates Rising Since 2001... in brief | comments New, Bomb Resistant Freedom Tower Unveiled... in brief | comments Canada To Ban Bulk Exports Of Rx Drugs... in brief | comments Bush Administration Shorts Veterans Medical Care By $2.6B... in brief | comments TV Stations Are Their Own Best Customers... in brief | comments Bush Repeatedly Cites 9/11, Calls Iraq Sacrifice \u0027Worth It\u0027... in brief | comments Nixon Called Indira Gandhi An “Old Witch” According To Tapes... in brief | comments Scientists Publish \u0027Road Map For Terrorists\u0027 Paper Despite Government Protests... in brief | comments Poll Shows Majority of Californians Don\u0027t Want Schwarzenegger Re-Elected... in brief | comments Rising Sea Levels To Cause Nuclear Dump To Leak... in brief | comments \u0027Dancing With The Stars\u0027 Airs, 500 Calls To Wrong Toll-Free Number... in brief | comments Same-Sex Marriage Bill Advances In Canada.... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Fly Girl Dishes About Former Lovers Shaq, P. Diddy, Vin Diesel... in brief | comments Putin Makes Off With Patriot Owner\u0027s Superbowl Ring... in brief | comments State Department Doctors Bono Quote... in brief | comments Cruise To German Reporter: \u0027Are You Really So Arrogant As To Believe We Are Alone In This Universe?\u0027 in brief | comments Activists Say Aquarium Sends Bad Message By Cooking Fish For Lunch... in brief | comments Poll Shows Majority Wants Bush To Be Flexible With Dems. On Supreme Court Choices... in brief | comments 160 Million Pot Smokers Worldwide... in brief | comments Woman Sues Dairy Industry Over Weight-Loss Promotions... in brief | comments U2\u0027s Bono Wants Hat, Earrings, Sweat Shirt Back... in brief | comments All Levels Of Radiation Link To Cancer Panel Confirms... in brief | comments Evangelical Church Brings In $55M A Year... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050630014157,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
