{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaAs the American mainstream media continue to under-report on Iraq -- especially on the lies that led us to war -- the British press continues to uncover damning new evidence. This weekend, The Sunday Times reported that during the summer of 2002, while the Bush administration was claiming that it hadn\u0027t decided whether to invade Iraq, U.S. and British planes were dropping bombs in an effort to provoke Saddam Hussein into giving the White House an excuse for war. This revelation follows the release of the Downing Street Memo. Let\u0027s hope that when maverick British MP George Galloway (recent KO winner over Sen. Norm Coleman) begins his speaking tour of America this summer, some of the British gumption and feistiness will rub off. In the meantime, all hail Fleet Street.05.31.2005 Andy SternAt the 50th anniversary of the AFL-CIO the debate is in full swing. I say we need to change and build a new, growing, dynamic, modern labor movement for the 21st century. The current President, John Sweeney, says go slow -- it is unrealistic to expect us to change, and after all we cannot grow until we change public policy and labor laws. Sorry, but workers can\u0027t wait that long.read whole post | permalink05.31.2005 Phil AngelidesMake no mistake about it, Schwarzenegger is bringing the right\u0027s agenda to the bluest of the blue states -- believing if they can win in California, they can win anywhere. And they\u0027re doing it with the same deceptive rhetorical flourishes that gave birth to such wonderful phrases as \"compassionate conservatism,\" \"Healthy Forests\" and \"Clear Skies.\" So, how are Schwarzenegger\u0027s and Bush\u0027s agendas alike? Let me count the ways...read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Joseph NyeFrance has voted \"non\" on the European constitution. Does the U.S. have a dog in this fight? Arguably yes. There is no part of the world with whom we share more crucial values (like democracy and human rights), and no area better able to help us with the threat we face from transnational terrorism. We have more to fear from a Europe that is too weak than a Europe that is too strong.read whole post | permalink | comments (1)05.31.2005 Larry GelbartA is for Abu-Graib. Admission accomplished. Happily, all of the women responsible for perpetrating the torture, degradation and unspeakable humiliation have been named and/or punished. B is for Bolton, hard-driving, hard-headed, abusive, butt-kicking diplomat. C is for Congress. A debatable society -- formerly a separate branch of the US government.read whole post | permalink | comments (0)05.30.2005 Randall RobinsonNews organizations are corporate and uncompetitive. Their owners are uniformly wealthy. Political campaigns are un-substantive, sudsy and, increasingly, downright demagogic. Spin doctors are in growing demand. We live in an image-only era. We have arrived at a point where trust must necessarily be blind. I once asked a member of Congress why he opposed voter registration efforts in his district, and was told, “I have all the voters I need.”read whole post | permalink | comments (1)05.30.2005 Deepak ChopraIn the old reality progress comes from technology. In the new reality progress comes from exploring the untapped potential of consciousness. In the old reality disease is a constant threat. In the new reality individuals are learning that they can become healers. In the old reality terrorism holds populations in fear. In the new reality a majority of people have given up the outworn tactics of war and violence.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Hooman MajdEverybody, including most of the Democratic leadership, seems to have bought into the idea that we can’t leave Iraq, that we can’t leave something unfinished. That Iraq will become unstable, that the region\u0027s instability will affect our national security. That we’ll lose face. No, nothing will happen that won’t happen anyway. Every last soldier; just pack up and leave. It took twelve days to get to Baghdad? How about two months to leave.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Jim LampleyThe point about women in motor racing has been made before, by Shirley Muldowney and Lyn St. James and Janet Guthrie, among others. Yesterday Danica Patrick again made that point, but for the moment she did something a few of us who\u0027ve been to Pit Row might not have thought possible: she revived open-wheel racing in America. It\u0027s no small feat. Now let\u0027s see what the boys can do with it.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonThere were tales of “Jackson Juice” drugging, conspiracy plots, aborted planned kidnappings, and an alleged Beatle song book vendetta against him. There were serio-comic moments when Jackson stumbled into court in his pajamas, did a jig on his SUV, and revved up adoring fans from his hospital room window. In an interview midway through the trial, Jackson flipped the race card.read whole post | permalink05.31.2005 Jane WellsOur cell phones have quit working, and now the VHF radio signal is gone. My companions, part of the relief group, the International Medical Corps (IMC), don’t have to tell me that these could be signs of an impending Janjaweed attack. We have just passed a group of about 15 men in flowing white djellabas carrying kalashnikov rifles. I can spot another group of 25 men on camels up ahead. “OK, that’s it. We’re turning back.” I breathe again, but not for long because, despite the surprising allure of this unfamiliar landscape, filled with baobab trees and exotic wildlife, we soon spot a helicopter in the distance -- another bad omen.read whole post | permalink05.28.2005 James PinkertonSome will blame the United States for the failure of NPT to make any progress toward de-nuclearization. They will say that George W. Bush has made the US seem so scary and so lawless that other countries are in no mood to negotiate anything with us. But the deeper reality transcends personality, or party, or president. That deeper reality is that nuclear proliferation is inevitable, because the basic imperatives of power and politics are the same for all countries.read whole post | permalink | comments (6)05.28.2005 Stephen ElliottI have been robbed at gunpoint. I\u0027ve been mugged, beaten up. It is wrong to think that I don\u0027t have compassion for victims of crime. I have also spent three months in a locked public juvenile facility, a miserable place with feces smeared along the walls, after which I was made a ward of the court and shuffled into the state juvenile welfare system where I saw first hand what happens to children we abandon to their own devices.read whole post | permalink | comments (7)05.28.2005 Paul FeigMy solution to the whole problem is this: Let John Bolton have the gig. Maybe Bolton will have a sort of \"Local Hero\" experience, in which he comes in to his new job ready to get rid of the place but then the plucky residents wear him down with their homespun charms. Maybe Bolton will stumble into a local UN watering hole and suddenly find himself having the time of his life doing a karaoke duet of \"Love Lift Us Up\" with the French ambassador.read whole post | permalink05.29.2005 David CornSpeaking at one of his Orwellian, faux townhall meetings on Social Security in Greece, New York on May 24, Bush said, \"See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.\" I\u0027m guessing this is the first time in the history of the Republic that a president has publicly acknowledged he was catapulting propaganda at the American public.read whole post | permalink | comments (22)","h1":"Bombers Kill 30 Iraq Police Day After Operation Lightning Launches",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowIt\u0027s Time for a Change at the AFL-CIOArnold Proves He\u0027s a Bush RepublicanEuroshock?A Grimmer PrimerAmerica\u0027s Coup From WithinThe Greatest Crisis in the WorldHasta La Vista, IraqA Sudden RevivalCelebrity, Sex and Race In The Jackson Trial/Pt.1Witness to DarfurProliferating Plowshares Into Nuclear SwordsWelcome To The Gang Violence And Juvenile Crime Prevention Act, Part 2 - A Note To My Detractors, A Solution OfferedCrybabies for BoltonBush Admits He Flings the SpinFrance Set for Government Shakeup After \u0027Non\u0027 to EUEuro Drops To Lowest Point Since October*** Exclusive*** Is Paramount Ready to Pull the Plug on Cruise and \u0027Mission: Impossible III\u0027?","h3":"Breaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Zarqawi Says Was \u0027Lightly\u0027 Wounded on Website Audio MessageU.S. Forces Mistakenly Detain Sunni ChiefLast Great Wilderness of World Being Destroyed by Global WarmingBush: \u0027Completing The Mission\u0027 Will Honor 1657 Soldiers Killed In IraqThat\u0027s a Minefield of ContaminationSoldiers of Christ: Profile of the National Religious Broadcasters ConventionPORK: Hastert Skirting Procedures Gives Hometown $24 millionDoonesbury Cartoon Is In Memorium To Fallen TroopsIdentity Theft 101: The Professor Teaches From JailCell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. Song20-Minute Tabloids the Goliath of the Newspaper Industry?Private Planes Go Undercover for CIALove Can Be Stronger Than the Will to LiveMedia\u0027s Current Obsession: When will GMA beat TODAY?Media Watchdog Group Says PBS\u0027s Reps Not Real WatchdogsDanica Patrick\u0027s Debut Pumps Up Indy 500 Ratings By 40 PercentBush Thinking of Scalia, Not Thomas, for Next Chief JusticeNo Paperback Plans For Da Vinci Code, Even As Sales SlipPhilly to Host Live Aid Concert for Ethopian Famine ReliefFirst Relgion in Politics, Now Religion in the Media: Faith-Based Journalism on the Rise","h5":"Check Out the Crazy Frog Axel F Ring Tone","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"APR MAY JUN 31 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 31 2004 2005 2006APR MAY JUN312004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Zarqawi Says Was \u0027Lightly\u0027 Wounded on Website Audio Message in brief | comments U.S. Forces Mistakenly Detain Sunni Chief in brief | comments Last Great Wilderness of World Being Destroyed by Global Warming in brief | comments Bush: \u0027Completing The Mission\u0027 Will Honor 1657 Soldiers Killed In Iraq in brief | comments That\u0027s a Minefield of Contamination in brief | comments Soldiers of Christ: Profile of the National Religious Broadcasters Convention in brief | comments PORK: Hastert Skirting Procedures Gives Hometown $24 million in brief | comments Doonesbury Cartoon Is In Memorium To Fallen Troops in brief | comments Identity Theft 101: The Professor Teaches From Jail in brief | comments Cell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. Song in brief | comments Check Out the Crazy Frog Axel F Ring Tone in brief | comments 20-Minute Tabloids the Goliath of the Newspaper Industry? in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Private Planes Go Undercover for CIA in brief | comments Love Can Be Stronger Than the Will to Live in brief | comments Media\u0027s Current Obsession: When will GMA beat TODAY? in brief | comments Media Watchdog Group Says PBS\u0027s Reps Not Real Watchdogs in brief | comments Danica Patrick\u0027s Debut Pumps Up Indy 500 Ratings By 40 Percent in brief | comments Bush Thinking of Scalia, Not Thomas, for Next Chief Justice in brief | comments No Paperback Plans For Da Vinci Code, Even As Sales Slip in brief | comments Philly to Host Live Aid Concert for Ethopian Famine Relief in brief | comments First Relgion in Politics, Now Religion in the Media: Faith-Based Journalism on the Rise in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050531083159,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
