{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Ron Edmonds07.10.2005 Arianna HuffingtonComing in the wake of the London bombings, today’s Meet the Press was a lot about resource allocation. Specifically, given the resources at our disposal, are we using them in the best way so as to maximize our safety? The answer is clearly no. And part of the reason this looks unlikely to change is because of the resource allocation decisions of shows like Meet the Press. Tim’s first guest today was Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff. Good guest to have on if you want to talk seriously about, say, our homeland security. But that’s not what Tim wanted. Instead, he decided to allocate a lot of his scarce 60 minutes\u0027 worth of resources to parlor game questions. The one he most favored today was: Do you think there will be another major attack on the United States? He asked it three times. And, of course, everybody basically said yes. But what’s the point of this question? Is anybody going to say no?Later, Chertoff, in discussing homeland security funding, said “everything\u0027s a tradeoff. We don\u0027t want to move money, for example, from ports into rail because then we\u0027re going to have an issue with ports.” Yes, exactly! It’s a tradeoff. One of the reasons we don’t have enough money to protect our ports and our railways is because of the tens of billions of dollars we are spending in Iraq. And that’s the massive trade-off Russert failed to bring up.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Danielle CrittendenJust when you think the summer couldn’t get worse for Hollywood, Paramount has announced that Oliver Stone will be directing the first major feature film about 9/11. As always, the Huffington Post is first with the scoop. We have obtained pages from the super-secret script….read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Rep. Ted PoeBy what legal authority do justices of our Supreme Court use foreign world tribunals, global norms, and the philosophy of European elites in making decisions that affect the citizens of the United States? As a former felony court judge in Houston, Texas for over 20 years, I used the Constitution and made decisions that affected real people – defendants, victims, and the community. I took the same oath as our Supreme Court justices and never rendered a ruling based upon the sentiments of another nation. I determined whether individuals should lose their property, liberty, and freedom. On occasion, my decisions even resulted in those individuals forfeiting their lives. Nonetheless, every ruling was rooted in the United States Constitution.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Eric BoehlertReturning from a week off of summer R\u0026R, ABC\u0027s The Note, the agenda-setting daily tip sheet for the Beltway press class, today summarizes what\u0027s \"consuming\" the so-called Gang of 500. And wouldn’t you know it, the embarrassing outing of Karl Rove as Matt Cooper\u0027s CIA source is not among today\u0027s approved hot topics.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Adam McKayImmediately after the London bombings I overheard someone say, \"See! That\u0027s why we\u0027re in Iraq!\" It knocked the wind out of me. \"But even the President admits there\u0027s no connection. Powell said it... Al Qaeda hated Iraq and Hussein...\" It doesn\u0027t matter. We\u0027re into animal response territory here. Like when you try and help a scared dog and it bites you. The whole world has become a threat. Things are blurry.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Richard BradleyAndrew Sullivan writes on his blog that \"The Huffington Post is full of part-time bloggers calling for negotiating with al Qaeda, withdrawing from Iraq, and generally laying the blame for the mass murder of innocents on George Bush and Tony Blair.\" Andrew\u0027s an old friend, but this drive-by slander points up one of his intellectual lapses; though in most ways an intellectually rigorous thinker, he has a longstanding habit of caricaturing liberals, taking the most extreme examples of wacky radicals and lumping them together as \"the left in America.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Donnie FowlerWith the U.S. Supreme Court opening up like the skies beneath a hurricane, progressives often forget about the spectacular American tradition from which we come. Today’s Democratic Party and America\u0027s political left are the legacy of this tradition of expanded individual rights, destruction of barriers to full citizenship, and creation of greater opportunity.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Harry ShearerThe Asia Times suggets that Saudi Arabia, which reputedly has been trying to go nuclear since 1975 (!!), has purchased nuclear materials from our other close friend, Pakistan. This report has been followed up, or refuted, nowhere inside the American media bubble...read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Laurie DavidLast week at the G8, President Bush restated his favorite global warming canard: that mandatory curbs on fossil fuel pollution will “cripple the U.S. economy.” WELL, WHAT DOES HE THINK GLOBAL WARMING WILL DO TO THE ECONOMY!?!? I wish there was an even bolder bold on this computer to emphasize how insane this logic is. Non-stop flooding, killer heat waves, energy and food shortages: what will these do to the economy? Will it be good for Wall Street when millions of people are displaced from coastal cities?read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 David SirotaThe right-wing knows that in the absence of Democrats asking serious substantive questions, they can try to turn the horrible tragedy in London into a brazen political opportunity for President Bush, without so much of a peep of criticism, and without anyone asking the substantive national security questions that these attacks raise. Democrats need to start fundamentally challenging this administration on its entire national security strategy - not just nipping around the edges, and not retreating in fear as they have recently.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Richard ValerianiNew York Times reporter Judy Miller is in jail for refusing to reveal sources for a story she never wrote. Somewhere, Franz Kafka must be smiling... Karl Rove appears to be the leaker in the case of outed CIA agent Valerie Plame. Reminds me of why I wanted to cover the Pope--so I could one day quote \"an infallible source\"... At the Olympics site vote in Singapore, France was represented by President Chirac, Great Britain by Tony Blair and the United States by Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton. This was the political equivalent of premature ejaculation. Hillary won\u0027t be head of government until 2009.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Craig CrawfordIf Karl Rove planned this -- which I doubt -- he really is a genius: 1) He leaks to Time\u0027s Matt Cooper in such a way that he avoids the law\u0027s intent requirement for criminal liability (Newsweek notes that Cooper\u0027s email shows nothing indicating Rove knew or revealed that Valerie Plame was an undercover agent, only that she worked at the CIA). 2) The ensuing grand jury investigation dramatically weakens the news media and future leakers, as reporters must decide whether to testify or go to jail, and even turns Rove\u0027s foes in the public against the reporters involved because they are seen as protecting him. This would give Machiavelli a migraine.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Jane Wells23-year-old Nathan Kleinman is to be applauded. He began a hunger strike on June 30 in Lafayette Park outside the White House to demonstrate his solidarity with the 3.5 million victims of the genocide in Darfur, most of whom are starving. This is a reasoned, rational and immensely brave act by a young man of conscience. Few of us would have the courage to do likewise...read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Bob DreyfussAstonishingly, the very Iraqi government whose supposed legitimacy the neocons want Americans to support has now made a deal with the neoconservatives’ worst devil, the ayatollahs’ regime in Iran. The ultimate irony is that the United States is supporting a regime in Baghdad that is drawing strength from a regime next door in Iran that calls America the Great Satan. The silence from the neoconservatives on this paradox is deafening.read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Deanne StillmanCleveland is the place that says it\u0027s okay to dream, but not really. Which is why I left the joint a long time ago. Natives who have left, and many who are still there, are not surprised that the Plain-Dealer -- one of the worst papers in the country -- has made like the Cleveland Indians in a tie game at the bottom of the 9th with two out and two on and choked. In quashing an important story for fear of legal reprisal, the PD has lost, because most likely the leaked and incriminating documents will pop up on the internet, thus drawing yet more readers away from the misused piece of processed tree bark that passes as the city\u0027s primary information source.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Bill ScherRob McKay argued we should support Gonzales in order to split the Republican Party. But a Gonzales nomination would upset social conservatives regardless of what Dems and liberals do. However, if we called attention to the likely motivation for a Gonzales pick -- payback to corporate donors -- that could drive a far deeper wedge in the right-wing coalition. And if Gonzales lacked support on the left and right, the nomination would likely collapse. Bush\u0027s hand would be weakened, and the chance that he would be forced to nominate an impartial judge would increase...read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Paul LoebWhen someone exhibits as much contempt for democracy as Gonzales does, you have to challenge him. He\u0027s an architect of many of the most destructive Bush policies like the 2002 torture memo. He helped push through the Patriot Act and wrote the Presidential Order saying that terror suspects could be tried and sentenced to death by secret military tribunals. This isn\u0027t someone to embrace, morally or politically.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Rep. John ConyersIn the 90’s, there was a media uproar when literally accurate, but misleading, statements were made about a private sexual affair. Today, when such statements are made out a life and death matter -- the decision to go to war -- for a Nixonian purpose -- to smear truth-telling critics -- there is barely a peep from the press corps. In the days since Rove’s role became public, the White House press corps has yet to pose a question to the White House press secretary about it. Not a word about the disgusting hypocrisy of an Administration that came to office promising to “change the tone” in Washington now attacking a critic through his spouse.read whole post | permalink | comments07.10.2005 Kenneth LererWhen Rove says he can\u0027t be quoted, he\u0027s not quoted. Period. He knows what he says will never ever come back to haunt him. Talk to the reporter. Say what he wants to. Move on to the next call. It\u0027s like talking to your psychiatrist or rabbi/priest: It\u0027s a private conversation never to be repeated. But now imagine if some of the things you said to your psychiatrist, rabbi/priest all of a sudden were to become public. Shit. Now you understand Rove\u0027s problem.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Keith SrakocicDenise ApplewhiteAP/Tomas MunitaAP/Max NashCP/Adam DombowskyHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From media.ford.comAP/Ric FeldAP/Alexandre MeneghiniAP/John BazemoreREUTERS/Tami ChappellAFPAP/Greg Baker","h1":"TROUBLE AT THE WHITE HOUSE: “You\u0027re In A Bad Spot Here, Scott”...",".title":"","h2":"Russert Watch: You Can Lead Tim to the Truth, but You Can\u0027t Make Him Drink ItOLIVER STONE\u0027S 9/11Has the Supreme Court Lost its Way?Noted at ABCKickin’ It Like Larry KingResponding to Andrew SullivanThe Supreme Court Fight \u0026 Liberals: Where We\u0027ve Come FromWhat\u0027s News?Does the President Think Global Warming Will Be Good for the Economy?Why Dems Must Find the Guts to Ask the Big National Security QuestionsNews of the WeekDirty Plot Or Accidental Genius?Nathan Kleinman\u0027s Hunger Strike -- 10 Days and CountingThe Shiite ParadoxCleveland Doesn\u0027t Rock Except for George VoinovichOppose GonzalesThe Enemy of Our Enemy May Still Be the Enemy of DemocracyWhat\u0027s Fair Game?Rove, Reporters, Psychiatrists, Rabbis, and Priests","h3":"Newsweek Exclusive: Cooper\u0027s [Email] Began “Spoke To Rove On Double Super Secret Background”...World Series Poker Champ To Take Home $7.5M...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Santorum Evades Paying Charter School Tutition...Sandra Day O\u0027Connor For Chief Justice…Feds Plan To Eavesdrop On In-Flight Conversations…Former Iraqi PM Allawi Warns Of Civil War, Says “Americans Have No Vision”...Downed Navy Seals May Have Got Too Close To Bin Laden, Mullah Omar...30 Al-Qaeda Linked Fighters, Sympathizers Identified As Likely Bombing Suspects...London Death Toll Reaches 52...Leaked Dossier: Al-Qaeda Recruiting Affluent Muslims From British Univ.\u0027s For Attacks...Report Says More Than 6.5M South Africans May Have HIV...Memo Shows U.S., U.K. Plans To Withdraw Majority Of Troops From Iraq By Next Year...Outer Space Volcano May Be Spewing Water…Ariz. Public School Is Wireless, Paperless, Textbookless…Conservative Donor Privately Pledging $1M To Anti-Gonzales Campaign...Pilots Collide In Air Show...Bush Says Estate Tax Destroys Family Farms, It Affects 300 Total In US...N. Korea To Talk Nukes...Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep...Ford Goes Online To Sell New Hybrid SUV...“Deficit Of Decency” Author Sen. Zell Miller “Pocketed Taxpayer Money”...Paris Mayor Says Blair “Crossed The Line” At Olympic City Selection…Sports-Field Sized Telescope To Spy On Distant Galaxy\u0027s Planet...Dennis Leaves 680,000 Powerless In Gulf Coast…“Worse Than Watergate”...Gas Prices At $2.33 A Gallon Record High...Hubcap Hurl, Pigs-Feet Bobbing, Mudpit Belly Flop And Southern Hospitality...Bush Judges Already Shape Law...“By The Rich, For The Rich” Plum TV Airs In Hamptons, Nantucket...Hillary Wants Everest On UN\u0027s Endangered Sites List...Daredevil Skateboarder Jumps Great Wall...Aaron Brown On His Way Out?","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 12 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 12 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG122004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP/Keith Srakocic Santorum Evades Paying Charter School Tutition... in brief | comments Denise Applewhite Sandra Day O\u0027Connor For Chief Justice… in brief | comments Feds Plan To Eavesdrop On In-Flight Conversations… in brief | comments Former Iraqi PM Allawi Warns Of Civil War, Says “Americans Have No Vision”... in brief | comments AP/Tomas Munita Downed Navy Seals May Have Got Too Close To Bin Laden, Mullah Omar... in brief | comments 30 Al-Qaeda Linked Fighters, Sympathizers Identified As Likely Bombing Suspects... in brief | comments AP/Max Nash London Death Toll Reaches 52... in brief | comments Leaked Dossier: Al-Qaeda Recruiting Affluent Muslims From British Univ.\u0027s For Attacks... in brief | comments Report Says More Than 6.5M South Africans May Have HIV... in brief | comments Memo Shows U.S., U.K. Plans To Withdraw Majority Of Troops From Iraq By Next Year... in brief | comments Outer Space Volcano May Be Spewing Water… in brief | comments Ariz. Public School Is Wireless, Paperless, Textbookless… in brief | comments Conservative Donor Privately Pledging $1M To Anti-Gonzales Campaign... in brief | comments CP/Adam Dombowsky Pilots Collide In Air Show... in brief | comments Bush Says Estate Tax Destroys Family Farms, It Affects 300 Total In US... in brief | comments N. Korea To Talk Nukes... in brief | comments Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep... in brief | comments World Series Poker Champ To Take Home $7.5M... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From media.ford.com Ford Goes Online To Sell New Hybrid SUV... in brief | comments AP/Ric Feld “Deficit Of Decency” Author Sen. Zell Miller “Pocketed Taxpayer Money”... in brief | comments AP/Alexandre Meneghini Paris Mayor Says Blair “Crossed The Line” At Olympic City Selection… in brief | comments Sports-Field Sized Telescope To Spy On Distant Galaxy\u0027s Planet... in brief | comments AP/John Bazemore Dennis Leaves 680,000 Powerless In Gulf Coast… in brief | comments “Worse Than Watergate”... in brief | comments Gas Prices At $2.33 A Gallon Record High... in brief | comments REUTERS/Tami Chappell Hubcap Hurl, Pigs-Feet Bobbing, Mudpit Belly Flop And Southern Hospitality... in brief | comments Bush Judges Already Shape Law... in brief | comments “By The Rich, For The Rich” Plum TV Airs In Hamptons, Nantucket... in brief | comments AFP Hillary Wants Everest On UN\u0027s Endangered Sites List... in brief | comments AP/Greg Baker Daredevil Skateboarder Jumps Great Wall... in brief | comments Aaron Brown On His Way Out? in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050712000105,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
