{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaAt a speech in Iowa this weekend, Howard Dean made the point that Democrats \"are not going to be afraid to talk about moral values. In fact, if you match our moral values against their moral values, we win.\" Maybe. Depends on what your definition of \"moral values\" is, Doc...The key is making sure that the moral values debate doesn’t remain stuck in the GOP’s very narrow frame of gay marriage and the number of times Ian McShane says \"cocksucker\" on Deadwood. If the Dems want a moral values issue they can call their own, they need look no farther than the immoral behavior of giant drug companies, and the despicable way Republicans -- including Bill Frist -- are fighting tooth and nail to make it easier for Big Pharma to sacrifice the health of the public on the altar of profits.Let’s start by looking at the sweetheart terms in the new Central American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) and the outrageous provisions Frist has slipped into the \"Protecting America in the War on Terror Act\"...Read More06.13.2005 Trey EllisIt was sort of exciting television watching the verdict come in on CNN. Watching the Jackson convoy roll in from Neverland, the helicopter camera crews chronicling every lane change and stop sign, forced comparisons with OJ’s white Bronco. Yet by now, after O.J., Martha Stewart and Robert Blake, these high-profile trials have all the luster of season five of Survivor. The thrill was in the first season, now they are just more feed for the insatiable maw of my TiVo. Still, as long as we’re here, what can we learn from all this?read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Paul FeigIs there anything stranger than seeing people jumping around and throwing confetti and hugging because Michael Jackson was acquitted of child molestation charges? No matter what one\u0027s thoughts about the verdicts were, there is something profoundly bizarre about people acting like the guy just threw the winning touchdown in the Super Bowl.read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Danielle CrittendenKickass43: hey! Sxybritguy10: hey Kickass43: sup? Sxybritguy10: nm u Kickass43: jc. Iraq not good Kickass43: polls not good Kickass43: mjr babe issues Sxybritguy10: laura?????? :-O Kickass43: rofl no! American chicks. Dont like me anymore. Sxbritguy10: security mums? Kickass43: gone Sxybritguy10: ttly? Kickass43: ttly. not like when we were young right? Mom AWOL\u003dgood party. Today: moms AWOL\u003dbad for party. Sxybritguy10: :(read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Jonathan AlterDear Roger: In your letter, you lump Newsweek\u0027s recent error in with that of CBS and other news organizations and say that those problems do not exist at Fox. I\u0027m glad you have not been caught in any recent mistakes and -- as I mentioned in my post -- you employ many fine journalists. But one reason your coverage may make fewer mistakes is that you do so little of the investigative reporting of business and government that is necessary for an informed citizenry. Fox\u0027s list of scoops on matters of public importance is extremely short...read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Hooman MajdForget for a moment that America’s image is being harmed, or that the Muslim world has another reason to hate us. Let’s say that we neither give a damn about image nor do we give a rat’s ass about whether Muslims will like us or hate us. But how on earth do we live with ourselves when we allow our government to run roughshod over the civil liberties of others in the name of protecting ours? It’s time to stop the madness.read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Lyn Davis LearAfter checking with friends at the network, I’m very relieved to learn that the rumor that CBS had bowed to Vatican demands that no Jewish or gay people be allowed to work on the new special on the life of the Pope is absolutely untrue. In fact, I’m told there are gay people and Jewish people already working on the project. It’s sad that we live in a time where bigotry and pressure-group power is so prevalent that a story such as this one seems believable… and very good news that it turns out, as I had hoped, not to be true.read whole post | permalink06.13.2005 Andy SternLeadership means going first, and walking off old dead-end roads in a new direction -- because we can make new roads by walking. Life is not a spectator sport, so in SEIU we chose to be ready to leave the AFL-CIO and try to build something stronger, to make a new road for American workers by walking in a new direction. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and this weekend we get ready to walk.read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Bill SchulzOver the past three weeks I’ve had more than one occasion to reflect on the power of symbols. Whether you agree with Secretary Rumsfeld that our analogy was “reprehensible” or with the New York Times that it was an “apt metaphor,” the use of that one word “gulag” had a remarkable impact on the public debate. Amnesty International got more media time to discuss U.S. detention policies in the past three weeks than we have in the past three years.read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Brad HallLast night I had a crazy dream. In it, President Bush publicly bitchslapped Phillip Cooney and other administration officials who had been lying about the dangers of global warming. The President cited the same dozen “doctored, distorted or suppressed” reports to which Robert Kennedy Jr. has referred in the Huffington Post and elsewhere. In my dream Mr. Bush explained that he had been talking to God and then, weeping like Jimmy Swaggart caught with a whore, he said that God had reminded him that lying was a sin, and that He would not longer tolerate it in his administration. Good dream, right? Well, it got better...read whole post | permalink06.12.2005 Walter ShapiroWith the polls turning south on Iran and the economy, Bush probably wakes up many mornings longing for the happy days as a baseball owner when he was a front man running the Texas Rangers from 1989-94. But Bush also surely assumed that whoever bought the Washington Nationals would fit into the politically conservative clubbable atmosphere of big-league baseball where only a handful of teams have Democratic leanings. That\u0027s why George Soros is causing Bush so much tsuris...read whole post | permalink | comments06.13.2005 Adam McKayFor centuries the magazine Cosmopolitan has used the quiz or survey as a way to reduce complex emotional and sociopolitical issues into numeric scores or categorical diagnosis like “You need a Vacation!” or “Time to find a new hairdresser and a new husband!” The good news is that it has worked....Cosmo has fixed the human race. So I thought I’d employ the same method to find out how close minded we are as individuals...read whole post | permalink | comments06.11.2005 Bill HillsmanI have seen the future of Independent politics... and it ain\u0027t Arnold. When Californians first elected Schwarzenegger, my first thought was: I\u0027ve seen this movie before. And it wasn\u0027t bad. When Minnesotans elected Jesse Ventura, they got a governor who, for whatever his faults, put together one of the best state administrations in the country. I wondered: would Californians get to see the same thing? Nope. What Californians got was a retread sequel. Another Pete Wilson machine tool of the status quo.read whole post | permalink | comments06.12.2005 Marty KaplanI wonder whether the reaction of the US media to this new, even worse Downing Street memo will be as torpid as it was to the first one. As someone who was hornswoggled by Colin Powell\u0027s UN performance, I\u0027m particularly enraged to read excerpts from the playbook for duping me and my ilk. Will this, too, be yawned off, just another war crime of yesteryear?read whole post | permalink | comments06.12.2005 Nathan GardelsIn short, Mexico is headed down the tubes. Its failure will spill out all over the US bigtime. We are already awash in the slow tsunami of illegal immigration, which will surely surge further and accelerate. And is there any doubt that the ruthless drug lords along the border who brazenly kill any honest cop or slaughter the wives and children of their rivals will, for the right price, smuggle terrorists and their weapons into the US?read whole post | permalink | comments06.11.2005 Norm OrnsteinTom DeLay was outdistanced for the title of biggest embarrassment on Capitol Hill by the new leader and likely champion in that area, Jim Sensenbrenner. For those who don\u0027t follow the ins and outs of Washington, Sensenbrenner is the tall, round-faced chair of the House Judiciary Committee. He is also obdurate, nasty and a bully.read whole post | permalink06.12.2005 Sean DanielJust as ring tones have proven to be a huge new source of income, the use of recorded songs in interrogation techniques should clearly be licensed. The material is being used in a professional setting, much like melodies that are played in an elevator. It is not that government agencies should not use a variety of songs during interrogation. It is just that, in this age when intellectual property is such a crucial issue, proper compensation should be sorted out, and as soon as possible.read whole post | permalink | comments06.12.2005 Gene StoneNot long ago some historians decided that Adolph Hitler was gay. The world nodded wisely. Why not? Hitler was arguably the most villainous man of the century. No problem if someone wants to suggest that he was gay, too. But when historians suggested that Abraham Lincoln was gay -- based on far more evidence -- there was an uproar. Lincoln? Possibly the greatest American president? No way, Jose...read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"Gitmo Inmates \u0027Never Eaten Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been Treated Better\u0027, \u0027Never Been More Comfortable\u0027",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowThe King of PopI wish I could get that excited about stuff ...HP EXCLUSIVE: An Intercepted IM Conversation Between Bush and BlairRx for What Ailes YouGitmo Forever!Through the L.A. Grapevine: UpdateThis Weekend We Get Ready to WalkThe Uproar Over Calling Gitmo a \"Gulag\"The Power of GodDriving Bush BatsThe “How Dogmatic Am I?” QuizRage Vs. The MachineArchbishop ClegthorpeWhile US Focuses on Iraq, Mexico is CollapsingBully for youAre intellectual property rights being \"flushed down the toilet\"?Beginning the Inning","h3":"Frist\u0027s Finances Questioned; FEC ReviewingBlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"FBI Asked Felt To Find Deep Throat ...59% Of Americans Say Get Out Of IraqNewsweek\u0027s Alter Responds To Fox\u0027s Leaked \u0027Phony Dirt\u0027\u0027Outrageous Misuse Of A House Of Worship ...\u0027Sean Penn Censored On Assignment In IranWas The Last Tennis Match You Watched Fixed?Olympic Bid: Three Strikes And You\u0027re Out ...Ford Recalls Nearly 260,000 Vehicles\u0027Freedom Fry\u0027 GOP Congressman Wants Troops Out Of IraqMemo: US Iraq Invasion Involved \u0027Little Thought\u0027Renaissance Robots: They Dance, They Sing, They ... Breathe?UK Ministers Told Make Legal \u0027Excuse\u0027 To Attack IraqDean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming ReportsReport: Disruptive Toddlers To Be Treated As Potential CriminalsWal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ...Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 ScientologyWebsite Campaigns To \u0027Free\u0027 Katie Holmes From Tom CruiseThe Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ...NASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic CluesMichael Jackson Not GuiltyThe Debate\u0027s Over: Globe Is WarmingIn Rare Attack, UK Environmental Secretary Blasts Bush‘Unreasonable’, ‘Erroneous’, Discrimination, Supreme Court Tells TexasExposed: AIG Fought Pentagon Efforts To Save Taxpayers Millions ...Companies Warming Up To Blogging On The JobThrillionaires: The New Space CapitalistsAdmin. Produces Few Terrorism Convictions, Cites Misleading Stats ...Microsoft Gives Into China But Still Supports Gay RightsGitmo Log: \u0027Bark Like A Dog\u0027Open, Closed, Open, Closed... Admin Flip Flops More Than KerryAre You Good For Your Doctor\u0027s Report Card?The Press Just Doesn\u0027t Get Religion ...Nation Demands More Celebrity Coverage. Really...Will Tucker Carlson Invite Jon Stewart?Instapundit Find: Army To Use Videocams In BattleDetox Debunked...Online Pokers Beware... Your Opponent May Be A RobotNot A Rockstar? Consider Adult Fantasy Camp...After Loss Tyson Says \u0027I Don\u0027t Have The Stomach For This Anymore\u0027","h5":"Amnesty\u0027s Schulz: The Uproar Over Calling Gitmo a “Gulag”","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 14 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 14 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL142004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16FBI Asked Felt To Find Deep Throat ... in brief | comments 59% Of Americans Say Get Out Of Iraq in brief | comments Newsweek\u0027s Alter Responds To Fox\u0027s Leaked \u0027Phony Dirt\u0027 in brief | comments \u0027Outrageous Misuse Of A House Of Worship ...\u0027 in brief | comments Frist\u0027s Finances Questioned; FEC Reviewing in brief | comments Sean Penn Censored On Assignment In Iran in brief | comments Was The Last Tennis Match You Watched Fixed? in brief | comments Olympic Bid: Three Strikes And You\u0027re Out ... in brief | comments Ford Recalls Nearly 260,000 Vehicles in brief | comments \u0027Freedom Fry\u0027 GOP Congressman Wants Troops Out Of Iraq in brief | comments Memo: US Iraq Invasion Involved \u0027Little Thought\u0027 in brief | comments Renaissance Robots: They Dance, They Sing, They ... Breathe? in brief | comments UK Ministers Told Make Legal \u0027Excuse\u0027 To Attack Iraq in brief | comments Dean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027 in brief | comments Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming Reports in brief | comments Report: Disruptive Toddlers To Be Treated As Potential Criminals in brief | comments Wal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ... comments Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 Scientology in brief | comments Website Campaigns To \u0027Free\u0027 Katie Holmes From Tom Cruise comments The Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ... comments NASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic Clues comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Michael Jackson Not Guilty in brief | comments The Debate\u0027s Over: Globe Is Warming in brief | comments In Rare Attack, UK Environmental Secretary Blasts Bush in brief | comments ‘Unreasonable’, ‘Erroneous’, Discrimination, Supreme Court Tells Texas in brief | comments Exposed: AIG Fought Pentagon Efforts To Save Taxpayers Millions ... in brief | comments Companies Warming Up To Blogging On The Job in brief | comments Thrillionaires: The New Space Capitalists in brief | comments Admin. Produces Few Terrorism Convictions, Cites Misleading Stats ... in brief | comments Microsoft Gives Into China But Still Supports Gay Rights in brief | comments Gitmo Log: \u0027Bark Like A Dog\u0027 in brief | comments Open, Closed, Open, Closed... Admin Flip Flops More Than Kerry in brief | comments Are You Good For Your Doctor\u0027s Report Card? in brief | comments Amnesty\u0027s Schulz: The Uproar Over Calling Gitmo a “Gulag” The Press Just Doesn\u0027t Get Religion ... in brief | comments Nation Demands More Celebrity Coverage. Really... in brief | comments Will Tucker Carlson Invite Jon Stewart? in brief | comments Instapundit Find: Army To Use Videocams In Battle in brief | comments Detox Debunked... in brief | comments Online Pokers Beware... Your Opponent May Be A Robot in brief | comments Not A Rockstar? Consider Adult Fantasy Camp... in brief | comments After Loss Tyson Says \u0027I Don\u0027t Have The Stomach For This Anymore\u0027 in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":20,"minute":59,"second":10},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
