{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Charles Dharapak07.13.2005 Arianna HuffingtonSportscasters love to say that a good offense is the best defense. But, as we’re seeing, in politics, an offensive offense can be a lousy defense. I mean, if Karl Rove’s future -- both political and legal -- depends on the offensive that the White House and its smear machine are frantically mounting, then ol’ Karl is in even bigger trouble than we thought. Their method seems to be a shock-and-awe operation where they bombard us with any and every defense they can, hoping that something sticks. So far, nothing has.The attack on Rove’s critics and the renewed assault on Joe Wilson are also comically accompanied by calls for civility. You know when Republican start issuing calls for people to “cool the rhetoric” and “focus on the business of the people,” that they’re in full panic mode. And they’re right to be. Try as they might, they just can’t come up with a plausible defense that takes the stink away from what everyone -- including all non-self-deluded Republicans -- knows Turd Blossom was really doing…read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Simon JenkinsFive days after we had four bombs explode on the London Tube and with everyone saying, stay calm and stay normal, US Air Force officials ordered personnel in Britain to avoid London, whether or not in uniform and including their families. Washington handed al-Qaeda a free publicity coup on a plate. It incidentally had every front page and every pub bar ranting about cowardly Americans, jeering at the US Marines \"We are not afraid\" website, which adds \"We stand with our British brothers and sisters.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David CornWhile the White House tries to wish this scandal away, Rove\u0027s pals at the GOP and within the conservative media have fashioned a defense. It breaks down to three main points. All are them are untrue or misleading. So spin the wheel...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Kelly PrestonParents are still largely unaware that antidepressants are turning kids into walking time bombs. Eight out of the last 13 school shooters were taking prescribed psychiatric drugs, and only now is the FDA investigating the fact these drugs can cause violence.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Harry ShearerDespite the admirable cloaking of all this in the garment of \"the American public,\" the White House press corp\u0027s anger is based on one thing: Scott McClellan lied to the Whitte House press corps. The President, the Vice President, the Army and Navy football teams, the Secretary of State--all of them can lie to any or all of the planets in the solar system, and hey, that\u0027s politics. But, stand at that podium, and lie to those people, and let them eventually find out about it, and, brother, you got trouble.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David SirotaBarely a day goes by without some right-wing blowhard demonizing unions as an antichrist-like scourge ruining America. Lately, it\u0027s been shills like California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (R). Their goal is simple: they want you to believe unions are bad for everybody - union and non-union workers alike so they can justify their profit-motivated efforts to dismantle the entire labor movement. Too bad the data undermines their entire point: the simple fact is that unions actually help everybody, whether you are in a union or not.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaHow did Rove both acquire and validate the status of a NOC asset, a high level officer at that? I think that Mr. Rove was supplied the information in order to fulfill his job, namely, to deliver the “package” via the front end. Dick, however, paid a great many visits to the CIA, sent Joe Wilson abroad, and used his office and his Scooter to source this very same story. In fact, Veep even had the forged uranium yellowcake documents...read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 David KirbyFor months now, a mantra of the thimerosal defenders has been as follows: “Mercury was removed from vaccines years ago, and we have not seen a drop in autism rates.” It looks like they might have to find a new slogan.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Bill DiamondAre you happy now? You proud of yourselves? Because you people couldn’t stand to be lied to any more and the press couldn’t stop itself (suddenly, miraculously) from asking questions that made the Administration very, very uncomfortable, Scott McClellan probably needs stitches on his back and normally mild-mannered Rep. King (R-NY) has turned into Yosemite Sam.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Richard BradleyThere\u0027s a lot of hubbub in the blogosphere about the news that Oliver Stone is directing a film about 9/11. Mickey Kaus thinks it\u0027s a terrible idea; James Wolcott defends Stone. I\u0027m with Wolcott. When have we become so scared of politics in our art?read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Rep. Louise SlaughterThe degree to which Mr. Rove\u0027s absurd priorities have endangered America becomes clear once we understand how important Valerie Plame was. She was at the heart of the war on terrorism. Ms. Plame had built her career around fighting exactly what the President and the highest members of his cabinet argue is the greatest threat to the security of the United States and its allies: the transfer of weapons of mass destruction from states or other sources to terrorist groups. The exposure of Valerie Plame was an attack on more than the values which the White House professes to uphold: it was an attack on the security of the United States itself.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Tom TomorrowPodheretz does not accuse Wilson of outing his own wife as a CIA agent--only of acknowledging the fact that she is his wife. And I don\u0027t actually believe that these people are so impenetrably stupid that they are unable to comprehend that simple distinction. This is just the standard right wing debate tactic that we\u0027ve seen over and over again over the past few years: throw out a ton of nonsense and see what sticks. But you can take it to the bank: in Wingnutland, it will be--if it is not already--taken as gospel truth that Joe Wilson used to run a website called \"www.my-wife-is-a-big-old-CIA-agent.com\".read whole post | permalink07.13.2005 Danielle Crittendenkickass43: could use a stiff one now sxybritguy10: u r in trouble man kickass43: rove stuff sux kickass43: can\u0027t play the game with no quarterback sxybrityguy10: bad rap sxybritguy10: at least u still got condi kickass43: she\u0027s so hot sxybritguy10: way hot kickass43: remember her in germany kickass43: the domantrix boots sxybritguy10: smokin kickass43: she rocks way more than colin sxybritguy10: kinda missed colin this yr kickass43: no way sxybritguy10: wayread whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 James PinkertonThe Economist has always taken a mostly neocon-ish line toward Iraq. And its leader in the wake of the London bombing was no exception. Doing its part to huff, puff, and fluff Prime Minister Tony Blair into Churchillian proportions, the weekly asked if the terror attacks might undercut British resolve to keep troops in Iraq. The answer: “Far likelier, the attacks will reinforce the case for pressing on with the long-term task...”read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Eric BoehlertIt\u0027s always amusing when the RNC says jump, to see how high the Wall Street Journal Op-Ed page will elevate. This morning\u0027s lead editorial, typed right from RNC talking points, rushes to Karl Rove\u0027s defense. Turns out he was not acting as a partisan when spreading classified gossip about Joseph Wilson\u0027s wife. Instead, he was a hero for speaking the truth, the real \"whistleblower\" in this saga. It\u0027s a classic example of the Journal leaping on demand.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Trey EllisAs our demoralizing string of losses has made excruciatingly clear, we once feisty donkeys are in trouble up to our asses. We need to immediately and radically re-introduce ourselves to the American public as what we truly are – the party of the Middle Class. Everyone already knows that the Republicans are a party now held captive by the ultra-rich and the fanatic and yet they continue to beat our butts because they are the devil they know. Agree with this administration or not, at least its stand on most issues is as simple to understand as a children’s story. My dream for a revitalized Democratic party goes something like this...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Sarah StillmanMembers of Congress, beware: a vote against CAFTA is a vote for Osama. Or so Donald Rumsfeld might have you believe, if you read his recent op-ed in the Miami Herald in which he ominously warns, “The coming vote on CAFTA is a national security vote. Let there be no doubt.” But how is it that CAFTA--a free trade agreement negotiated in secrecy and tailored primarily to the needs of multinational manufacturers, agribusiness, and pharmaceutical companies--will help combat “the violent extremism that is threatening civilized societies”?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Michael SmerconishFour years post 9/11, we remain vulnerable to a London style attack. In my opinion, there are a myriad of reasons: the growth of radical Islam; porous borders; an unwillingness to profile; the failure to capture Bin Laden; to name but a few. According to a member of the 9/11 Commission, you can add HDTV to that list. HDTV? That’s the word from former U.S. Naval Secretary, and 9/11 Commissioner, John Lehman, with whom I just spoke...read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Hadi MizbanAPAP/Charles DharapakAP/Itsuo InouyeReuters/Ceerwan AzizHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/M. Spencer GreenAP/Reed SaxonFrom holylandexperience.comAP/Louis LanzanoReutersFrom tv.yahoo.com","h1":"Bush Withholds Judgment On Rove...",".title":"","h2":"Today’s Pile of Steaming Turd BlossomWashington Hands al-Qaeda Publicity CoupKarl Rove\u0027s Reality-Free DefenseArianna\u0027s Call For Drug-Violence Investigation Never More TimelyThe NubWhy Everybody - Not Just Union Workers - Should Care About the Labor MovementProject Missing DickAutism, Mercury and the California NumbersWell I Hope You\u0027re HappyOliver Stone, Steven Spielberg, and the Theater of TerrorBush Must Keep His WordFox News WatchMore Intercepted Instant Messaging Between Bush and BlairBlair\u0027s BurdenWSJ WoesA Modest Proposal for the Democratic LeadershipRummy\u0027s Magic Wand Strikes Again…Listen to Lehman","h3":"“Hard To Imagine” Someone Won\u0027t Be Indicted...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Bombing Mastermind On Station Videotape With Four Other Suspects...London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated…Iraqis Dying At Rate Of 800 A Month...Rumsfeld Approved “Creative” Interrogation Tactics: Dog Confrontations, Leashing, Women’s Underwear ...McClellan Continues To Stonewall On Questions Surrounding Karl Rove...Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”...Top Pentagon Official Admits To Missteps, Errors In Iraq War Run-Up…Verizon, SBC, Qwest, Comcast Spark Price War…iPod Sales Drive Apple Earnings Up 75 Percent...Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline...Rehnquist Hospitalized Overnight...Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”…“Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”…Editor In Chief Pearlstine Issues An Apology Of Sorts...Time Inc. Defends Unnamed Source In Sex Scandal…“The Public Has Moved To The Internet”...Iraq Bomber Targets Children Waiting For Candy, 27 Dead…China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”...“They Trashed Our Show”…RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy…Da Coach Sparks Over Proposed Anti-Smoking Ban...Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot....I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise…Insult The French...Get Sued...Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt StatusFaulty Fuel Gauge Grounds Space Mission...“Embryonic Stem Cell Research Holds Enormous Promise”...One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart…Video-Game “Orgies” In Your Neighborhood...$1B Sinking Into Gulf Of Mexico...WorldCom CEO Gets 25 Years...Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception...Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 14 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 14 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG142004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Bombing Mastermind On Station Videotape With Four Other Suspects... in brief | comments London Suspects Were Charming, Athletic, Educated… in brief | comments AP/Hadi Mizban Iraqis Dying At Rate Of 800 A Month... in brief | comments Rumsfeld Approved “Creative” Interrogation Tactics: Dog Confrontations, Leashing, Women’s Underwear ... in brief | comments McClellan Continues To Stonewall On Questions Surrounding Karl Rove... in brief | comments Scott McClellan\u0027s New Best Friend, The “Goyal Foil”... in brief | comments Top Pentagon Official Admits To Missteps, Errors In Iraq War Run-Up… in brief | comments Verizon, SBC, Qwest, Comcast Spark Price War… in brief | comments AP iPod Sales Drive Apple Earnings Up 75 Percent... in brief | comments Gannett\u0027s Earnings Decline... in brief | comments Rehnquist Hospitalized Overnight... in brief | comments AP/Charles Dharapak Sen. Kennedy Rips Santorum, “Irresponsible, Insensitive and Inexcusable”… in brief | comments AP/Itsuo Inouye “Most Assuredly [Bush] Will Make A Recess Appointment”… in brief | comments Editor In Chief Pearlstine Issues An Apology Of Sorts... in brief | comments Time Inc. Defends Unnamed Source In Sex Scandal… in brief | comments “The Public Has Moved To The Internet”... in brief | comments Reuters/Ceerwan Aziz Iraq Bomber Targets Children Waiting For Candy, 27 Dead… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”... in brief | comments “They Trashed Our Show”… in brief | comments RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy… in brief | comments AP/M. Spencer Green Da Coach Sparks Over Proposed Anti-Smoking Ban... in brief | comments Republican Congressman King Says Tim Russert And Others In Media Should Be Shot.... in brief | comments AP/Reed Saxon I Did Not Have An Affair With Tom Cruise… in brief | comments Insult The French...Get Sued... in brief | comments From holylandexperience.com Christian Theme Park Granted Tax-Exempt Status in brief | comments Faulty Fuel Gauge Grounds Space Mission... in brief | comments AP/Louis Lanzano “Embryonic Stem Cell Research Holds Enormous Promise”... in brief | comments One Cover For America, Another For Wal-Mart… in brief | comments Video-Game “Orgies” In Your Neighborhood... in brief | comments Reuters $1B Sinking Into Gulf Of Mexico... in brief | comments WorldCom CEO Gets 25 Years... in brief | comments Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception... in brief | comments From tv.yahoo.com Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050714075001,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
