{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.05.2005 Arianna HuffingtonTime for another Russert Watch preview. This week’s show features Mario Cuomo and law professor Douglas Kmiec discussing the role Judge John Roberts’ Catholicism should play in his confirmation. But, frankly, this week, instead of coming up with questions for Tim, I’d like to hear him give some long-overdue answers about his still ill-defined involvement in Plamegate. And I’m not the only one feeling this way. Earlier this week, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Sydney Schanberg called on Russert and all the other reporters involved in the story (yes, that includes you Bob Novak) to “tell us everything”: “Tim Russert cuts a large figure in Washington,” wrote Schanberg. “He should be a big man now and give us some details; why not agree to be interviewed by someone as probing as he?” Leaving aside the question of just how probing Russert actually is, I think Schanberg has hit on a fantastic idea. Indeed, why doesn’t Tim agree to be interviewed on his own show? He can bring on one guest interviewer (What are you doing on Sunday, Sydney?) or a panel of them. So what do you say, Tim? Why not put Roberts’ faith on hold for a week and restore the public’s faith in you by putting yourself in the Meet the Press hot seat…read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Bill DiamondI feel Robert Novak’s pain. Novak was kicked off CNN for using a barnyard epithet, and I was banned from my local supermarket for yelling the same word into a microphone at one of their registers and broadcasting it to all the shoppers who happened to be in the store at the time. And, since I\u0027d accidentally turned up the volume, to the dozen or so elderly people waiting at a senior shuttle bus stop on the sidewalk outside...read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Jay RosenThursday afternoon Robert Novak stormed off the set of CNN\u0027s \"Inside Politics\" and got himself suspended. He also eluded questions about the Valerie Plame case that were going to be asked by a CNN colleague, anchor Ed Henry, who said he warned Novak before the show began that he would be raising the matter. It is beyond imagination that Ed Henry and his producers would notify Novak of their intentions without huddling with the CNN brass first. Thus there\u0027s a corporate ballet embedded in the show itself, even before it became comic opera with the cry of \"bullshit!\" and the big walkout. Novak was about to be faced with a gigantic contradiction in his public stance, and the network wanted it.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Joseph NyeDonald Rumsfeld had recently started speaking about a \"global struggle against violent extremists\" -- GSAVE -- instead of a \"global war on terrorism\" -- GWOT. Beyond switching to a less ugly acronym, what was going on? According to Richard Myers, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the new terminology made it more clear that the struggle cannot be solved by military means alone. So true. This is a struggle for the hearts and minds of moderate Muslims, and attraction does not come solely from the barrel of a gun. Unfortunately, President Bush reverted to GWOT in his recent speech, and Rumsfeld quickly fell in line.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Tom HaydenIn response to calls from peace groups, an ad hoc coalition of Congressmembers will begin hearings on an Iraq exit strategy next month. It is folly to believe that the US government can gain through negotiations what it cannot achieve on the battlefield, and it is immoral, dishonest, unrealistic and counter-productive to keep sending young Americans to die in a quagmire. Instead of “staying the course”, the prudent path is to change the course, beginning now. We must turn from the model of war and occupation to a primary emphasis on conflict resolution. Here are ten steps...read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Harry ShearerFor a lovely change of pace, try this story from the BBC about a bounty for catching a cow on Delhi\u0027s crowded (and, apparently, cow-ded) streets. A nice intersection of religion, money, urban angst, and evidence that nothing is as easy as it sounds. Listen to the expanded radio report for one reason (besides religion) behind the bovine influx.permalink | comments08.05.2005 Dan PasternackI executive produced a new television series called Starved that premiered on FX this week. It is a dark half-hour comedy about four friends who are all battling eating disorders. The show received some wonderful reviews. We also got killed in a few places too. But hey, humor is subjective, so I wasn’t too surprised. However what I really wasn’t expecting was the hysterical reactionary outcry from certain so-called leaders in the eating disorder recovery movement. Without naming names or organizations, there was a call to boycott our show. Plenty of people in the entertainment community slapped me on the back and congratulated me on the free publicity. However I was somewhat less enthralled...read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Jamie CourtIf your high speed Internet provider is not your phone company, you may be unplugged very soon. On Friday the Federal Communications Commission reversed course and deregulated high speed Internet service. The FCC gave telephone companies the right to stop other Internet service providers, like Earthlink, from using their lines. The FCC\u0027s reasoning is that DSL is an information service not a telecommunication service subject to regulation. Tell that to millions of Americans who could be booted off line if they don\u0027t want to pay their telephone company\u0027s price.read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Jeff NormanThe Secretary of Defense spoke Thursday before a capacity audience at a luncheon presented by the Los Angeles World Affairs Council. As Rumsfeld was leaving the event after his speech, I took a few steps out of the media area where I had been sitting, and said to him, \"Mr. Secretary, military families think you\u0027re lying to them. Why won\u0027t you meet with them?\" The Secretary ignored me as two men who appeared to be Secret Service agents aggressively removed me from the premises.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaIs Judy Miller protecting a source -- or the mechanism that employed her as a weapon AGAINST the public interest? Can anyone honestly argue for Miller\u0027s credibility at this point? Journalists of all stripes and political leanings should be able to protect their sources and must do so. Government operatives, shills, whatever, who work against the public interest, fabricate information, and mislead the public would better be employed on K Street.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Trey EllisSo many couples stay together “for the sake of the kids” as if the kids are so insensitive that they cannot divine that there is little love left between the two people the kids love the most. How can that climate of lies possibly be good for children? What kind of relationship are you modeling for them? That parenting is a soul-deadening sacrifice and loving relationships are actually lifetimes of subterfuge? How could children raised in such an environment ever hope to grow up to build an honest, loving relationship of their own?read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Catherine IngramUnlike much of America I am dismayed by the success of \"The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.\" Aside from finding the show\u0027s humor banal, I am genuinely concerned with its message based on a comment by a 17-year-old relative who told me that all politicians are alike and there was no difference between Bush and Kerry. He, like many young people, gets his news almost exclusively from Jon Stewart. And, though I suspect that Stewart himself is a Democrat, he did such a great job of evenly skewering Kerry and Bush that a young person would not make any distinction between say, lying to take a country to war and having a dorky way of speaking. As a contrast, Bill Maher uses humor with intelligence, makes it hilarious, and lets you know exactly where he stands.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Kevin BleyerNo doubt one thought going through most Americans’ minds today is, “Damn, I don’t think I’ll ever get a FIVE WEEK VACATION.” For most Americans, in fact, the closest thing they’ll get to a five week vacation is...unemployment. And yet, off the President goes to his ranch. For the entire month of August. Now, I understand this is supposedly a working vacation. But am I the only one who can’t seem to reconcile the grand canyon of cognitive dissonance I feel when people with much more important jobs than I have manage to score much lengthier times off?read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Bill ScherDavid Corn posted yesterday that since John Roberts can now be called a \"gay rights champion,\" liberals should consider Roberts to be more acceptable than Scalia, Thomas or Rehnquist. Corn often makes brilliant observations, but I must respectfully, and strongly, disagree with this one. We know that Roberts does not believe there is a fundamental constitutional right to privacy. That is the right that underpins our freedom to use birth control, terminate unwanted pregnancies, and make pregnancy-related medical decisions to protect the mother\u0027s health. It also underpins Lawrence v. Texas, which ruled that our government cannot restrict what two consenting adults do in their bedroom, including gays.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Craig CrawfordI am such a free-speech absolutist that I\u0027d probably defend the right to yell fire in a crowded theater. But the duplicitous Bob Novak could almost put me on the side of censorship. So it\u0027s a good thing he chose to censor himself and walk off the set when James Carville chided him for pandering to right wingers. And even better that CNN chose to put him on indefinite leave. Hopefully, the newspapers that run his column will consider such a move. It\u0027s time for Novak to quit pretending he\u0027s a journalist and come back from involuntary vacation as what he really is: an ideological flak artist.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonEver since word spread that Congress must reapprove the Voting Rights Act, bloggers have burned the Internet with dire warnings that the Bush administration and the GOP controlled Congress will torpedo the Act. That line is pure paranoia run amok. Voting rights for African-Americans are guaranteed in perpetuity by the Fifteenth amendment. But it’s not a case of misguided paranoia to be suspicious of GOP motives when one considers the past and present history of voting abuses. It’s that history that drives many blacks crazy with fear that they’re about to be swindled out of their vote again...read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Cenk UygurThe President has already taken off 319 days and counting in less than five years. He is in the middle of his annual five week vacation on his Crawford ranch, which will put his vacation days at over 350 when he’s completed this stretch. Let’s also remember that the President thinks there are some things that are important enough to interrupt his vacation. He left Crawford in the middle of the night to sign the bill relating to Terri Schiavo. We now have 21 Marines dead and a tape from Ayman al-Zawahiri, Al-Qaeda’s number two man, threatening more strikes inside the United States – but apparently that’s not good enough to interrupt his precious vacation.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 David CornSupreme Court nominee John Roberts donated his legal services, when he was a corporate attorney, to gay rights activists challenging a voter-approved Colorado initiative that permitted employers and landlords to discriminate against gays and lesbians. So what are all the Supreme Court brawlers going to say about this? One small social conservative outfit -- Public Advocate -- has already called on Roberts to \"correct the record or withdraw\" as the nominee. But I wonder if the more significant social conservative organizations will swallow hard and stick with Bush\u0027s man. If they do, that ought to be fun to watch.read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom nytimes.comFrom www.pjpres.orgReuters/Geoffrey PatrickAP/April L. BrownFrom mediabistro.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Icon ProductionsAP/Matty ZimmermanAPFrom www.kung-foo.tvAP/Gerald Herbert","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Russert Watch: Turning the TablesSympathy for the Devil (In All of Us)Why Robert Novak Stormed Off the SetWhat\u0027s in a Name?The Exit Plan from IraqCatching CowsIntestinal BloggageBush\u0027s FCC Shuts Down Internet Access\"Mr. Secretary, Military Families Think You\u0027re Lying to Them. Why Won\u0027t You Meet with Them?\"Richard Cohen: Patron Saint of OxymoronsDivorce Parenting Part DeuxMaher vs. StewartNice Work If You Can\u0027t Get ItJohn Roberts: One Pro Bono Case Does Not A Philosophy MakeDon\u0027t Go Away Mad, Bob Novak. JUST GO AWAY!Good Reason For Voting Rights ParanoiaWho\u0027s Running the Country?How To Spin This: John Roberts, Gay Rights Champion?","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source...Presbyterian Church USA: “Functionally Anti-Semitic”...Paradise On Other Side Of Israeli-Palestinian Barrier...Iran Exporting Bombs To Iraqi Insurgents...US, UK Rescue Teams Land In Russia, Help For Trapped Sub...Discovery Undocks, Heads Home...Wal-Mart Criticism Approaches Tipping Point...55%:Disapprove Of Bush’s Job Handling... 62%: Disapprove Of Bush\u0027s Iraq Handling… 56%: Bush Is Arrogant... 50%: Bush Is Not Honest...1,000 Marines, Iraqi Forces Launch Attacks In Western Iraq...Chinese Search Engine Baidu.com Dazzles Wall Street...U.K. Issues New Measures…“Play By Our Rules And Our Way Of Life” Or Get Deported...Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him...Roberts\u0027 Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right…Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire...Gibson Asked To Recreate Christ\u0027s Crucifixion For Major Catholic Gathering...Marilyn Monroe: If Oscar Existed For Faking Orgasms, “I Would Win Overwhelmingly”...Online House Calls For Acne Patients...NCAA Bans Indian Nicknames...Over 500,000 Japanese Compete To Be Country\u0027s Biggest Nerd...Men: The Size Of Your Feet Does Matter...Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?...“Drastic [Arctic Climate] Changes... By The Middle Of This Century”...Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up...Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad...Gary Sheffield Slams Yankees, Jeter, A-Rod, And New York Media...Wearing Flip Flops Can Kill You…Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self...TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter...River Tests Expose 40,000 Italians Using Cocaine Per Day...Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits...","h5":"See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior…","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 7 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 7 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP72004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16From nytimes.com Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source... in brief | comments From www.pjpres.org Presbyterian Church USA: “Functionally Anti-Semitic”... in brief | comments Paradise On Other Side Of Israeli-Palestinian Barrier... in brief | comments Iran Exporting Bombs To Iraqi Insurgents... in brief | comments Reuters/Geoffrey Patrick US, UK Rescue Teams Land In Russia, Help For Trapped Sub... in brief | comments Discovery Undocks, Heads Home... in brief | comments AP/April L. Brown Wal-Mart Criticism Approaches Tipping Point... in brief | comments 55%:Disapprove Of Bush’s Job Handling... 62%: Disapprove Of Bush\u0027s Iraq Handling… 56%: Bush Is Arrogant... 50%: Bush Is Not Honest... in brief | comments 1,000 Marines, Iraqi Forces Launch Attacks In Western Iraq... in brief | comments Chinese Search Engine Baidu.com Dazzles Wall Street... in brief | comments U.K. Issues New Measures…“Play By Our Rules And Our Way Of Life” Or Get Deported... in brief | comments Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him... in brief | comments From mediabistro.com See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior… in brief | comments Roberts\u0027 Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right… in brief | comments Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Icon Productions Gibson Asked To Recreate Christ\u0027s Crucifixion For Major Catholic Gathering... in brief | comments AP/Matty Zimmerman Marilyn Monroe: If Oscar Existed For Faking Orgasms, “I Would Win Overwhelmingly”... in brief | comments Online House Calls For Acne Patients... in brief | comments AP NCAA Bans Indian Nicknames... in brief | comments Over 500,000 Japanese Compete To Be Country\u0027s Biggest Nerd... in brief | comments From www.kung-foo.tv Men: The Size Of Your Feet Does Matter... in brief | comments AP/Gerald Herbert Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?... in brief | comments “Drastic [Arctic Climate] Changes... By The Middle Of This Century”... in brief | comments Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up... in brief | comments Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad... in brief | comments Gary Sheffield Slams Yankees, Jeter, A-Rod, And New York Media... in brief | comments Wearing Flip Flops Can Kill You… in brief | comments Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self... in brief | comments TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter... in brief | comments River Tests Expose 40,000 Italians Using Cocaine Per Day... in brief | comments Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050807015722,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
