{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaWhere you’ve got a siege, there you shall find a siege mentality. And the White House is definitely under siege -- from undeniable, incontrovertible facts. Here at the HuffPost we plan to chronicle the Bush administration’s deeper and deeper descent into siege mentality. What are the hallmarks? Denial, defensiveness, doubletalk, robotic reiterations of stale talking points, wild counterattacks, a pathological fear of admitting mistakes, and an utter inability to change course -- even when the current course is taking us right over the cliff. Practically reads like an employee manual for Bush administration staffers, doesn’t it?There’s plenty of evidence to work with. Let’s start with denial and robotic reiteration. They were both on display at a Pentagon press conference this week. When asked about how they’re defining success, Pentagon spokesperson Larry DiRita replied: “There is no military definition of success.” Then how is the military expected to deliver a non-military definition of success? Denial? Check. And here is some robotic reiteration from Lt. General James Conway, the Director of Operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff: “We have a plan for growing the force. We are on track with projection of numbers… I’m confident that the trends are moving in the right direction.” Robotic reiteration? Check.READ MORE06.17.2005 Paul ReiserI\u0027m driving with my two boys – 9 and 4 - Springsteen playing. I’ve been not-so-subtly trying to get their musical tastes lined up with my own – partly because I think it’s good for them, and also because frankly, it’s just easier for me... And let me tell you something; until you’ve heard a 4 year-old belt out, \"This town rips the bones from your back, it’s a death trap...\" you have not been entertained.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Trey EllisMy father was a child psychiatrist and often acted as silly as his patients. He loved All My Children and celebrity gossip, yet when he was last admitted to the hospital he found a nobility within himself that still resonates with me to this day. Sitting up in his hospital bed he calmly explained that if the pneumonia didn’t surrender to the antibiotics he would have to be intubated and very likely would die soon thereafter. He told me that at his memorial service he wanted a childhood-friend-turned opera singer to sing the old spiritual, “There’s a Man Goin’ ‘Round Taking Names.”read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Marc AbrahamI have had a few very lonely, vodka-laden Christmas eves... missed, forgot, overlooked more than a Hallmark display full of anniversaries and birthdays... had some of the ugliest bruising beefs on Valentines Day you could ever imagine... but in over fifty years of holidays I have never ever had a bad Father\u0027s Day.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Danielle CrittendenDinner’s not ready; the children howl Your wife’s developed a permanent scowl. Rather than being brought a martini dry It’s a wet diaper you’re asked to verify And when the bouquet confirms it’s pee It’s you who changes it, not she.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Rep. George MillerI am going to offer a \"resolution of inquiry\" that, if passed by the House, would compel the Bush Administration to hand over key documents that could shed light on who authorized what at detention facilities in Iraq, Cuba, and Afghanistan.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Bruce Kluger and David SlavinWhat Bolton needs to do is mount a good old-fashioned publicity campaign, one designed to win the hearts and minds of ordinary Americans. A few predictions: Bolton pitches a sitcom to CBS President Les Moonves. Everybody Hates Bolton takes a self-deprecating look at the former State Department Undersecretary’s chaotic domestic life, including a hilarious episode in which he handles his meddling mother once and for all by sending her on a cruise -- to Guantanamo Bay...read whole post | permalink06.17.2005 Alan PatricofI was invited by the SEC to present testimony at today’s SEC Advisory Committee on Smaller Public Companies, where the topic of discussion was Sarbanes-Oxley and its effect on small companies. There was a consistent view that the cost of complying with the regulations, the amount of time required by internal personnel to meet compliance requirements, the complexity of compliance, and in some cases the lack of substance associated with compliance, has placed a dramatically increased burden on young, growing companies.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Harry ShearerLONDON--Watching the American reaction to the serially leaked Downing Street memos from over here is something like having a conversation in London between an American-based cellphone and an Australian-based one (which I did day before yesterday). The delay can be confusing. Are American editors really saying \"we all knew that, it\u0027s the readers\u0027 fault if they ignored it way back in 2002\"?read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Jane WellsWhen judged by the Scrabble point system, the KOREAN war weighs in at 10 points, compared to VIETNAM at 12, but the winner is IRAQ at 13 points. For those of us struggling to find the truth out there it is worth noting that FOX NEWS at 20 points beats both NPR (5) and PBS (7) combined!read whole post | permalink | comments06.18.2005 Jim LampleyA Bush-watcher website identified as TBRNews.org claims that an internal pdf. from the D.O.D. establishes that nearly 9000 Americans have died in Operation Iraqi Freedom, but that the official number has been held to 1713 by designating as Iraq deaths only those who perish on Iraqi soil. The remainder, it says, are military personnel who have died en route to Germany or in German hospitals -- casualties of the war, but not listed in the official death toll.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Chris MeseroleA young person in America today has less incentive to consume the news than at any point in the last fifty years... America\u0027s youth aren\u0027t tuning out because they\u0027re disinterested, disengaged, or incompetent. They\u0027re tuning out because tuning in simply doesn\u0027t pay, either economically or politically.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Tom WatsonMukhtaran Bibi is my hero, and she should be yours. She was a victim of a gang rape, locally sanctioned by tribal elders as a feudal punishment for a crime supposedly committed by her brother. She was expected to kill herself, under the ancient honor system of the village. Instead, she pressed charges and the men were convicted. Taking the small amount of government compensation she received, Mukhtaran Bibi chose to open a school – and opened it to the children of her attackers. But to the government of President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan, our so-called ally in the war on terror, Mukhtaran Bibi was a threat...read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Sarah StephensUntil 2003, Carlos Lazo visited his sons in Cuba whenever he could, and sent money and support between his trips. Then he shipped off to Iraq. A combat medic, he dodged bullets on the battlefield providing medical care to our troops. In June 2004 Carlos got two weeks of R+R, jumped on a plane, and got as far as the Miami Airport with a charter ticket in his hand all ready to see his sons. But just days before, the new Bush travel restrictions had gone into effect, putting severe and unprecedented limits on the rights of Cuban Americans to see their families. Carlos was turned away.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Adam McKayNow I\u0027m no scientist but from what I understand the head has a lot of gunk in it and some of that gunk makes the eyes see good. Once again, I have no medical background whatsoever but I think this gunk is radioactive. Dr. Frist, due to his Doctor skills was able to see on the video tape that this gunk was not broken. The same way I saw on my video player that Russell Crowe killed that tiger in the Coliseum so the evil guy with the harelip wouldn\u0027t get his lady. Video is good like that.read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Norm OrnsteinThe Schiavo episode was a shameful example of pandering and overreach by craven legislative leaders...It is hard to see much evidence that this Congress has turned its attention full force to the issues that really concern voters-- but it dropped everything in a made rush to exploit Schiavo. Will these guys ever learn?read whole post | permalink | comments06.17.2005 Byron YorkThe Times has never reported that Dean said, in January, \"I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for.\" The paper did not even mention his remarks until May, when Tim Russert asked Dean about them on Meet the Press. And then, the Times published Dean\u0027s defense of himself -- in which he said, \"I hate what the Republicans are doing to this country, I really do\" -- but never his original remarks. To this day, the Times has not published them.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Jeb Bush Won\u0027t Let Schiavo Rest In Peace ...The Bush Administration’s Creeping Siege MentalityFatherhood and the BossWilliam Arthur Ellis, JR. M.D.Father\u0027s DayODE TO A MODERN DADInvestigate Abuse in Cuba, Iraq and AfghanistanJohn Bolton\u0027s Next Move: The Charm OffensiveSarbanes-Oxley Hurting Small BusinessTwo Little LettersDoes the Highest Score Always Win?The Ultimate Deception?Tuned OutSave Mukhtaran BibiNo Way to Treat a Soldier, a Father\u0027s Day LamentThose Radical, Rogue Medical ExaminersCongress and SchiavoTimes Immunizes Dems Against Foot In Mouth Disease","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworksInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Sen. Obama Investigating Bush Nominee For Racist Comments...Your Cell Phone Will Soon Be Your Bank...Congress Slashes Funds For UN ...al Qaeda Planning Massive Bloodshed In Afghanistan...US Marines Launch New Anti-Insurgent OffensiveNapalm In Iraq ...40 Million Mastercard Customers Exposed To Fraud\u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027$195.1 Billion, Highest Trade Deficit EverTyco Chiefs Guilty Of Looting Company....Another Doctored Global Warming Document ...Rice Appeals To Nation\u0027s \u0027Generosity\u0027 In Request For $45B In War FundsHalliburton Receives $30M Contract To Build New Gitmo Jail ...Legal Inquiries Loom On Bush\u0027s Horizon ...White House Rejects Call For Iraq Pullout ...ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ...29,000 Heart Defibrillators Recalled From People\u0027s Chests...Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ...I\u0027m A Drunk ...Leader Says Southern Baptists Not Connecting To \u0027Needs Of The World\u0027Wisconsin State Legislature Goes After College WomenNancy Reagan Lobbies Senators On Stem Cells ...There\u0027s A Lost Nuke Off the Georgia Coast ...NY Times/CBS Poll: 71% of Americans Say Congress Does Not Share Their PrioritiesCruise Pops Question Atop Eiffel Tower ...GOP Cuts $100M From Corporation For Public Broadcasting Budget ...Acne Is Good For Your HeartAFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ...Future Of Giant Laser Beam Uncertain ...Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 18 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 18 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL182004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Sen. Obama Investigating Bush Nominee For Racist Comments... in brief | comments Your Cell Phone Will Soon Be Your Bank... in brief | comments Congress Slashes Funds For UN ... in brief | comments al Qaeda Planning Massive Bloodshed In Afghanistan... in brief | comments US Marines Launch New Anti-Insurgent Offensive in brief | comments Napalm In Iraq ... in brief | comments 40 Million Mastercard Customers Exposed To Fraud in brief | comments \u0027Companies Could Make Use Of A Sweaty, Lovely Looking Girl Playing On The Ground\u0027 in brief | comments $195.1 Billion, Highest Trade Deficit Ever in brief | comments Tyco Chiefs Guilty Of Looting Company.... in brief | comments Another Doctored Global Warming Document ... in brief | comments Rice Appeals To Nation\u0027s \u0027Generosity\u0027 In Request For $45B In War Funds in brief | comments Halliburton Receives $30M Contract To Build New Gitmo Jail ... in brief | comments Legal Inquiries Loom On Bush\u0027s Horizon ... in brief | comments White House Rejects Call For Iraq Pullout ... in brief | comments ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette 29,000 Heart Defibrillators Recalled From People\u0027s Chests... in brief | comments Toyota To Slip Ads Into Mag Editorial Content ... in brief | comments I\u0027m A Drunk ... in brief | comments Leader Says Southern Baptists Not Connecting To \u0027Needs Of The World\u0027 in brief | comments Wisconsin State Legislature Goes After College Women in brief | comments Nancy Reagan Lobbies Senators On Stem Cells ... in brief | comments There\u0027s A Lost Nuke Off the Georgia Coast ... in brief | comments NY Times/CBS Poll: 71% of Americans Say Congress Does Not Share Their Priorities in brief | comments Cruise Pops Question Atop Eiffel Tower ... in brief | comments GOP Cuts $100M From Corporation For Public Broadcasting Budget ... in brief | comments Acne Is Good For Your Heart in brief | comments AFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ... in brief | comments Future Of Giant Laser Beam Uncertain ... in brief | comments Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027 in brief | comments ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Globe and Mail (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Networks ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050618075336,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
