{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP08.16.2005 Arianna HuffingtonCindy Sheehan has brought the reality of the Iraq war to the president\u0027s doorstep. And he\u0027s not dealing with that reality very well. Fishing, going on two-hour bike rides, clearing brush, taking in a Little League ball game (to say nothing of raking in millions at a GOP fundraiser) all take on a different hue when juxtaposed with the harsh truth that Sheehan represents: We are at war. A war that continues to claim the lives of young American men and women. A war that, even if you are completely in favor of it, is not going well. Yes, Cindy Sheehan is merely a symbol of the Iraq debacle. But presidents are symbols too. And symbols matter -- especially in a time of war.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Peter EdelmanDavid Brooks wants to convince us that our poor and downtrodden are quietly undergoing signficant positive life changes, or at least behavioral changes, that are revolutionizing their situation. I\u0027m glad the things he cited have occurred. But we have a lot of work to do.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Michael SmerconishUnfortunately, William J. Maher, Jr. has something in common with Cindy Sheehan. Both lost sons in Iraq. Both were offered condolences in a private meeting by the President of the United States. This week, I sought out William Maher to ask him about the death of his son, and his audience with the President.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Harry ShearerLast weekend may be remembered as the moment when administration officials, in the White House and the Pentagon, decided that Bush message discipline was no longer as important as sending signals to their Beltway friends that their fingerprints will no longer be on the mess in Mesopotamia.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Amb. Edward PeckMrs. Sheehan and all the others left to grieve for their loved ones deserve a full, open accounting from our leaders of the rationale behind a flawed, poorly executed, totally unnecessary conflict. They have also paid a price, and to deny them a hearing, to pretend that they have not earned the right to talk with those who decided on a path to death and suffering, is to pretend that Support the Troops has value and meaning only for the living.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Michelle PileckiToo bad we didn\u0027t try it. The US may not have had much of a post-invasion plan before going into Iraq, but according to Time magazine, the Iranians sure did.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Justin FrankWhy, in the face of incontrovertible evidence to the contrary, does Bush persist in repeating inaccuracies? First, as far as Bush is concerned, he is telling the truth. Second, he believes his lies because he feels his survival depends on it. He cannot help Cindy Sheehan mourn; he cannot take responsibility for his destructiveness.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Tim GoodrichThings have changed. This is a pivotal moment in the anti-war movement. We have Bush and his warmongers with their tails between their legs and on the run. They don\u0027t know how to respond or what to do.read whole post | permalink | comments08.17.2005 Deepak ChopraEleanor went into what is known as spontaneous remission. Eight months after undergoing the last chemotherapy, her bone cancer dwindled until there was only one small shadow on her X-rays, and this had not definitely proven to be cancerous. I stopped fearing for her then, even if she had to begin her battle again.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 David DionisiThe truth that Cindy Sheehan and others are demanding includes the reality that Iraq is a critical strategic location for both al Qaeda and the United States not just because of Iraq\u0027s oil, but because Iraq has the most extensive fresh water system in the Middle East.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Steve CobbleThe leak of the Downing Street Minutes became a cause celebre among an ever-vigilant press corps. Old \"heroes\" were downgraded for their starring roles in degrading our democracy. Oh wait. Never mind. Sorry.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 David SirotaToday in Seattle is the big kickoff of the new Progressive Legislative Action Network (PLAN) - an organization dedicated to passing progressive legislation in all 50 states. We are expecting (fingers crossed) a full house here in Seattle, as we have rounded up some terrific speakers, including Senator John Edwards, Gov. Brian Schweitzer, and Center for American Progress President John Podesta. For more on what PLAN will be doing, read this terrific piece by John Nichols in the Nation yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Al EiseleTo paraphrase Gen. Douglas MacArthur, old editors never die, they just fade away, which is what I plan to do after writing this (my farewell column to run tomorrow in The Hill). It\u0027s the last of 516 columns that I have written for The Hill since its inaugural issue of Sept. 21, 1994. I leave my full-time involvement in journalism with no real regrets, other than the fact that I won’t be in daily contact with my colleagues at The Hill, who are some of the nicest and brightest people I know.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Laurie DavidAs gas prices soar and automobile fuel economy hits a twenty year low, the Bush administration today announced a giant, gift-wrapped present to the Middle East oil sheiks: the derailing of a proposed increase in fuel economy standards for the biggest gas guzzlers. The decision to renew fuel economy exemptions for cars weighing over 8,500 pounds was inspired by Washington’s ongoing love affair with big oil -- and by the checkbook diplomacy used by Detroit to win over Washington. The administration’s renewal of this reckless exemption is a boon to big oil, Detroit, Iran, the Saudi sheiks, and Hezbollah -- and America be damned.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Bob CescaHi Karen, I saw the news over the weekend about the president\u0027s low approval ratings; the bad news about the Iraq War (Frank Rich\u0027s column in the Times? Ouch!); the rising gas prices; that crazy woman on Bush\u0027s lawn; and Liberal-Media-Smearing-Karl-Rove-Gate (you can use that). So I sat down with my team and we came up with some suggestions to turn things around for your boss. -Invade something. America loves invasion. -The America Supports You Penguin March. (Have you seen that movie yet? They walk funny.)read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Eric BoehlertThis summer, Bush supporters must be stunned at how the White House has completely mishandled the Sheehan phenomena. Which PR fiasco has been more head-shaking, speeding right past the military mom in a dusty, heavily-guarded motorcade on the way to a deep-pocket Republican fund raiser, or Bush\u0027s Sunday comment that it was important he get on with his life? (And who didn\u0027t notice that Bush\u0027s official weekend itinerary included a trip to a Little League baseball game, a bike ride and a nap?)read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Jodie EvansEveryone was finally turning in for the night, when someone came through camp in their pickup and mowed down all the crosses from Arlington West. The Sheriff says about 503 crosses were damaged. Whoever it was ended up with a flat and cross remains in his truck. He is now in custody in Crawford for property damage.read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom boston.comReutersFrom timesonline.co.ukAP/Elizabeth DalzielAP/Dennis CookHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AFPFrom CNN/AP/Richmond-Times DispatchFrom pmw.orgAP/Lynsey AdarioAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Limbaugh Loses It, Says Iraq Mom Made Story Up...The War Comes to Crawford, the President Disconnects\"America Is Becoming More Virtuous\"?The Consoling PresidentBookmark This DateSupport the Troops, Living and DeadPost-Invasion Planning Seems to WorkWhy Bush Believes His LiesWritings from a New Kind of Base: An Update from Camp CaseyEleanor\u0027s StoryWill Cindy Sheehan Be Protesting in Crawford Until 2017?Raffy vs. Tony \u0026 GeorgieThe 50-State PLAN For the FutureThe Time Has ComeBush Administration Exempts Giant SUVs; Score Another One for Big OilAn Open E-mail to Karen HughesFree Fallin\u0027Monday Morning at Camp Casey, Day 10","h3":"Bush\u0027s Neighbor Offers His Property To Cindy Sheehan...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Bill Frist Is A “Manipulator”, Says Trent Lott: “I Considered Frist\u0027s Power Grab A Personal Betrayal”…Three Set To Hang As Executions Return To Iraq...56% Say US Not Meeting Objectives In Iraq...UK Couples: Choose The Sex Of Your Baby...Bush Campaign Against “Axis Of Evil” Suffers Major Setbacks On Three Fronts...China, Russia Join Forces For Biggest Military Exercise In Modern History...Top GOP Lobbyist, DeLay Fundraiser, Tied Up In Homicide Investigation...Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt…Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution...Plamegate: The “Biggest Story Of Our Age”...$7.5M Grant Awarded To Develop “Trusted” Electronic Voting...“The Bill Clinton Collection”... Former Prez\u0027s New CD...Get Your Car Plugged-Into Electricity Instead Of Filled-Up With Fuel…Official: All 160 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash...Pickup Truck Runs Over Crosses At Peace Mom\u0027s Vigil...Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”…Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller...Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”…Commerce Dept. Opposes “.xxx” Domain For Internet Red-Light District...L\u0027Oreal Ordered To Pull Misleading Multimillion Ad Campaign...Violent Mob Scene Erupts In Rush For Cheap Laptops…Two Internet Worms Hit CNN, ABC, NYT, “Potential For Exponential Growth”...Eminem Reveals Mariah\u0027s Voicemails On Tour: “Why Won\u0027t You See Me? Why Won\u0027t You Call Me?”Consumers Set To Spend Over $1 Trillion On Media...Madonna Hospitalized With Several Broken Bones...61-Year-Old Nun\u0027s Pilgrimage To Protest Da Vinci Code Movie...2,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits...Time Warner To Meet With Carl Icahn...Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%...News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV...Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record…NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide…See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here...How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...","h5":"Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Free Republic: Undisclosed Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 17 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 17 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP172004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16From boston.com Bill Frist Is A “Manipulator”, Says Trent Lott: “I Considered Frist\u0027s Power Grab A Personal Betrayal”… in brief | comments Three Set To Hang As Executions Return To Iraq... in brief | comments Reuters 56% Say US Not Meeting Objectives In Iraq... in brief | comments From timesonline.co.uk UK Couples: Choose The Sex Of Your Baby... in brief | comments Bush Campaign Against “Axis Of Evil” Suffers Major Setbacks On Three Fronts... in brief | comments AP/Elizabeth Dalziel China, Russia Join Forces For Biggest Military Exercise In Modern History... in brief | comments AP/Dennis Cook Top GOP Lobbyist, DeLay Fundraiser, Tied Up In Homicide Investigation... in brief | comments Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt… in brief | comments Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution... in brief | comments Plamegate: The “Biggest Story Of Our Age”... in brief | comments $7.5M Grant Awarded To Develop “Trusted” Electronic Voting... in brief | comments “The Bill Clinton Collection”... Former Prez\u0027s New CD... in brief | comments Get Your Car Plugged-Into Electricity Instead Of Filled-Up With Fuel… in brief | comments Official: All 160 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash... in brief | comments Pickup Truck Runs Over Crosses At Peace Mom\u0027s Vigil... in brief | comments Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”… comments Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller... in brief | comments Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AFP Commerce Dept. Opposes “.xxx” Domain For Internet Red-Light District... in brief | comments L\u0027Oreal Ordered To Pull Misleading Multimillion Ad Campaign... in brief | comments From CNN/AP/Richmond-Times Dispatch Violent Mob Scene Erupts In Rush For Cheap Laptops… in brief | comments From pmw.org Two Internet Worms Hit CNN, ABC, NYT, “Potential For Exponential Growth”... in brief | comments AP/Lynsey Adario Eminem Reveals Mariah\u0027s Voicemails On Tour: “Why Won\u0027t You See Me? Why Won\u0027t You Call Me?” in brief | comments Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Free Republic: Undisclosed Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717 in brief | comments Consumers Set To Spend Over $1 Trillion On Media... in brief | comments Madonna Hospitalized With Several Broken Bones... in brief | comments 61-Year-Old Nun\u0027s Pilgrimage To Protest Da Vinci Code Movie... in brief | comments 2,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits... in brief | comments Time Warner To Meet With Carl Icahn... in brief | comments Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%... in brief | comments News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV... in brief | comments Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record… in brief | comments NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide… in brief | comments See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":57,"second":44},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
