{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP08.16.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWas the fear of additional legal steps being taken against Judy Miller the reason for Monday\u0027s preemptive PR campaign? Was this why Floyd Abrams went on Lou Dobbs and the New York Times did a glowing pro-Judy editorial?Note to the editors (1): No matter how many times you say it, covering for an illegal government leaker out to smear someone\u0027s reputation for political reasons, is NOT safeguarding freedom of the press.Note to the editors (2): You may want to tell your public editor not to quote the Times editor he quotes in Sunday\u0027s paper, laying out one of the Times\u0027 ethical guidelines: \"The Times\u0027s policy does not permit the granting of anonymity to confidential news sources \u0027as cover for a personal or partisan attack.\u0027\" So which is it, Times editors? Let\u0027s give Judy the benefit of the doubt for a minute and accept that she was a catcher, not a pitcher. Then, according to her own paper\u0027s ethical standards, if the person pitching to her is doing it for partisan reasons -- and is anybody doubting that? -- then there is no \"granting of anonymity\".read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 David SirotaToday in Seattle is the big kickoff of the new Progressive Legislative Action Network (PLAN) - an organization dedicated to passing progressive legislation in all 50 states. We are expecting (fingers crossed) a full house here in Seattle, as we have rounded up some terrific speakers, including Senator John Edwards, Gov. Brian Schweitzer, and Center for American Progress President John Podesta. For more on what PLAN will be doing, read this terrific piece by John Nichols in the Nation yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Al EiseleTo paraphrase Gen. Douglas MacArthur, old editors never die, they just fade away, which is what I plan to do after writing this (my farewell column to run tomorrow in The Hill). It\u0027s the last of 516 columns that I have written for The Hill since its inaugural issue of Sept. 21, 1994. I leave my full-time involvement in journalism with no real regrets, other than the fact that I won’t be in daily contact with my colleagues at The Hill, who are some of the nicest and brightest people I know.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Laurie DavidAs gas prices soar and automobile fuel economy hits a twenty year low, the Bush administration today announced a giant, gift-wrapped present to the Middle East oil sheiks: the derailing of a proposed increase in fuel economy standards for the biggest gas guzzlers. The decision to renew fuel economy exemptions for cars weighing over 8,500 pounds was inspired by Washington’s ongoing love affair with big oil -- and by the checkbook diplomacy used by Detroit to win over Washington. The administration’s renewal of this reckless exemption is a boon to big oil, Detroit, Iran, the Saudi sheiks, and Hezbollah -- and America be damned.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Bob CescaHi Karen, I saw the news over the weekend about the president\u0027s low approval ratings; the bad news about the Iraq War (Frank Rich\u0027s column in the Times? Ouch!); the rising gas prices; that crazy woman on Bush\u0027s lawn; and Liberal-Media-Smearing-Karl-Rove-Gate (you can use that). So I sat down with my team and we came up with some suggestions to turn things around for your boss. -Invade something. America loves invasion. -The America Supports You Penguin March. (Have you seen that movie yet? They walk funny.)read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Eric BoehlertThis summer, Bush supporters must be stunned at how the White House has completely mishandled the Sheehan phenomena. Which PR fiasco has been more head-shaking, speeding right past the military mom in a dusty, heavily-guarded motorcade on the way to a deep-pocket Republican fund raiser, or Bush\u0027s Sunday comment that it was important he get on with his life? (And who didn\u0027t notice that Bush\u0027s official weekend itinerary included a trip to a Little League baseball game, a bike ride and a nap?)read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Jodie EvansEveryone was finally turning in for the night, when someone came through camp in their pickup and mowed down all the crosses from Arlington West. The Sheriff says about 503 crosses were damaged. Whoever it was ended up with a flat and cross remains in his truck. He is now in custody in Crawford for property damage.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Joel MakowerWhat are they putting in the water down there in McKinney, Texas? About a month ago, Wal-Mart announced that it had opened a “new, more resource-efficient store” in McKinney. Now, the Dallas Morning News reports that Toyota plans to build the nation’s first certified “green” auto dealership in that same august city. I repeat: What’s going on down there?read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Steve CobbleWell, it\u0027s official. Sunday the AP certified W as reeling in the polls. Here\u0027s the Yahoo News online headline on Will Lester\u0027s AP story: \"Bush Approval a Low for Recent 2-Termers\". Here\u0027s my favorite line in the story: \"His ratings on everything from handling Iraq to the economy to Social Security and other domestic issues are at their lowest levels so far.\" And that\u0027s before the indictments...read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Justin FrankAlthough I would never make a medical diagnosis without examining a patient, I feel confident in my observation that George W. Bush is a new kind of bi-polar: the poles being indifference and destructive violence. His indifference to families who lost their sons and daughters in Iraq is now writ large – thanks to Cindy Sheehan and an ever-increasing group of parents who demand that Bush explain the \"noble cause\" for which their sons and daughters continue to be maimed and killed in Iraq. As Sheehan told the press on August 12, Bush has more time for Republican donors than for talking with bereaved families camped outside his Crawford fortress.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Jeff KeyThe \"W\" stickers are plentiful on base, as you can imagine. A lot of them buy it hook, line, and sinker. Most of the guys are awesome people, but as odd as it seems, they are not very informed politically. One of the young men I talked to this weekend didn\u0027t even know the name of the Vice President! Can you believe that? If things continue on the track that they are going, this young man could very likely die because of Dick\u0027s (et al.) antics...and the boy didn\u0027t even know his name.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Jane WellsCindy Sheehan’s action is far more than an outburst by a grieving and emotional mother (though there is plenty of power and plenty to admire in that). Her action is far more than one person’s anti-war, anti-Bush protest. This action is far more than liberal posturing. This action is grabbing attention because when there is wrong and injustice and senseless violence and death in the world, the desire for human dignity will prevail.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Deepak ChopraSpontaneous remission is a rare but spectacular phenomena. The cancer disappears spontaneously and there is still no adequate scientific explanation that satisfies physicians completely. When I was a medical student, spontaneous remissions were known as \"miracle cures.\" I personally do not like the term because a miracle camouflages our ignorance of what is really happening. When we do not have an explanation for something, we call it a miracle. When we have explanation for the same phenomenon, we call it science. Yesterday\u0027s \"miracles\" are today\u0027s science and today\u0027s miracles will be tomorrow\u0027s science.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Norman HorowitzWas it just a moment ago that spokespeople for the administration expressed the notion that announcing a timetable to begin withdrawing troops would only embolden the insurgents? Of course that was then, and this is now, and I love that they can segue from one position to another without hardly taking a deep breath, or uttering even a quiet \"Whoops, things have changed.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Geoffrey R. StoneOn August 5, Prime Minister Tony Blair announced his intention to implement a series of new anti-terrorism measures, including compilation of a “database of those individuals whose . . . views pose a threat to Britain’s security,” deportation of any foreign national who justifies the use of “violence to further a person’s beliefs,” denaturalization of British citizens who engage in “extremism,” and criminal prosecution for “condoning or glorifying terrorism.” Tony Blair would do well to learn the lessons of American history...read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Paul RieckhoffHere we are, two and a half years into Operation Iraqi Freedom and still scraping to equip our men and women with the best equipment that we can. Some pogue in Washington continues to \"resource manage\" and \"risk manage\" our troops into shortages and out of their lives and body parts - that\u0027s why. The President has corrected his message machine lately to reinforce the fact we are at war. Yet, there is no call for sacrifice, no demand for industrial mobilization, and I guess it would be damn hard to demand your leaders work late to get these supplies into the pipe when you are on vacation.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Jamie CourtNo wonder George W. Bush is bicycling around Crawford with gasoline prices having jumped 20 cents in the past three weeks. July financial statements show oil companies making new world record profits on top of last year’s banner world record profits. It\u0027s manipulation of domestic refining capacity and inventories by American oil companies that\u0027s behind gasoline price spikes, not the traditional scapegoats of Big Oil. If any of the would-be Democratic presidential hopefuls had the courage to speak out now about the well documented rip-off maybe next summer would be different.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Kimberly BrooksI took my kids to see March of the Penguins the other night. In between the Red Vines and the popcorn, all I could think was: \"this is the most poorly designed animal I had ever seen.\" A more apt title is The Plight of the Penguin. Intelligent Designer? Give me a break.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Richard BradleyThanks in large part to Cindy Sheehan, people are starting to raise the issue of why Jenna and Barbara Bush aren\u0027t serving in the military. It\u0027s a tough question, but I think it\u0027s a fair one. The President of the United States is calling on American young people to volunteer to go to war, but his own daughters, who are certainly of the appropriate age, are better known for their drunken nightclub escapades than for any acts of patriotism. So here\u0027s a question I think a White House reporter should ask the president: \"President Bush, if your own two daughters won\u0027t enlist, how can you expect anyone else\u0027s children to join the military?\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Ari MelberLast week\u0027s news reveals a lot about America\u0027s political parties. Republicans felt the pressure from Cindy Sheehan\u0027s brave Crawford stand-off. They responded by closing ranks and trying to smear Sheehan as a lying traitor. Democrats felt the pressure from critics of a NARAL Pro-Choice America ad attacking John Roberts. They responded by disagreeing in public and NARAL pulled the ad. When politics get rough, the Republicans stick together and hypocritically turn up the heat. Too often, Democrats argue and worry that someone will get burned.read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom boston.comReutersFrom timesonline.co.ukAP/Elizabeth DalzielAP/Dennis CookAP/Charles DharapakHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AFPAP/Lynsey AdarioFrom CNN/AP/Richmond-Times DispatchFrom ritualabusefree.orgAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Limbaugh Loses It, Says Iraq Mom Made Story Up...Preemptive PR: The Times Makes the Case for Judy... AgainThe 50-State PLAN For the FutureThe Time Has ComeBush Administration Exempts Giant SUVs; Score Another One for Big OilAn Open E-mail to Karen HughesFree Fallin\u0027Monday Morning at Camp Casey, Day 10McKinney, Texas: America\u0027s New Green Heartland?W stands for Way, Way DownUnmasking George W. BushCrawford BoundCivil Protest Is a Powerful ToolSponstaneous Remission in Cancer –- Part 1Our President and the TruthTony Blair\u0027s First AmendmentCore Deficits: Why Supplying Armor to Troops is Still a ProblemWho Isn\u0027t Afraid of Big Oil?Penguins Kill Intelligent Design TheoryAre the Bush Twins AWOL?Smears \u0026 Attack Ads","h3":"Bush\u0027s Neighbor Offers His Property To Cindy Sheehan...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Bill Frist Is A “Manipulator”, Says Trent Lott: “I Considered Frist\u0027s Power Grab A Personal Betrayal”…Three Set To Hang As Executions Return To Iraq...56% Say US Not Meeting Objectives In Iraq...UK Couples: Choose The Sex Of Your Baby...Bush Campaign Against “Axis Of Evil” Suffers Major Setbacks On Three Fronts...China, Russia Join Forces For Biggest Military Exercise In Modern History...Top GOP Lobbyist, DeLay Fundraiser, Tied Up In Homicide Investigation...Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt…Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution...Plamegate: The “Biggest Story Of Our Age”...$7.5M Grant Awarded To Develop “Trusted” Electronic Voting...“The Bill Clinton Collection”... Former Prez\u0027s New CD...Get Your Car Plugged-Into Electricity Instead Of Filled-Up With Fuel…Official: All 160 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash...7.2 Earthquake Hits Japan... Shakes Tokyo Skyscrapers...Pickup Truck Runs Over Crosses At Peace Mom\u0027s Vigil...Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”…Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller...Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”…Commerce Dept. Opposes “.xxx” Domain For Internet Red-Light District...L\u0027Oreal Ordered To Pull Misleading Multimillion Ad Campaign...Eminem Reveals Mariah\u0027s Voicemails On Tour: “Why Won\u0027t You See Me? Why Won\u0027t You Call Me?”Violent Mob Scene Erupts In Rush For Cheap Laptops…Consumers Set To Spend Over $1 Trillion On Media...Madonna Hospitalized With Several Broken Bones...61-Year-Old Nun\u0027s Pilgrimage To Protest Da Vinci Code Movie...2,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits...Time Warner To Meet With Carl Icahn...Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%...News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV...Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record…NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide…Posh Spice Has Never Read A Book, Including Her Autobiography…See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here...How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...","h5":"Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Free Republic: Undisclosed Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 17 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 17 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP172004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16From boston.com Bill Frist Is A “Manipulator”, Says Trent Lott: “I Considered Frist\u0027s Power Grab A Personal Betrayal”… in brief | comments Three Set To Hang As Executions Return To Iraq... in brief | comments Reuters 56% Say US Not Meeting Objectives In Iraq... in brief | comments From timesonline.co.uk UK Couples: Choose The Sex Of Your Baby... in brief | comments Bush Campaign Against “Axis Of Evil” Suffers Major Setbacks On Three Fronts... in brief | comments AP/Elizabeth Dalziel China, Russia Join Forces For Biggest Military Exercise In Modern History... in brief | comments AP/Dennis Cook Top GOP Lobbyist, DeLay Fundraiser, Tied Up In Homicide Investigation... in brief | comments Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt… in brief | comments Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution... in brief | comments AP/Charles Dharapak Plamegate: The “Biggest Story Of Our Age”... in brief | comments $7.5M Grant Awarded To Develop “Trusted” Electronic Voting... in brief | comments “The Bill Clinton Collection”... Former Prez\u0027s New CD... in brief | comments Get Your Car Plugged-Into Electricity Instead Of Filled-Up With Fuel… in brief | comments Official: All 160 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash... in brief | comments 7.2 Earthquake Hits Japan... Shakes Tokyo Skyscrapers... in brief | comments Pickup Truck Runs Over Crosses At Peace Mom\u0027s Vigil... in brief | comments Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”… comments Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller... in brief | comments Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AFP Commerce Dept. Opposes “.xxx” Domain For Internet Red-Light District... in brief | comments L\u0027Oreal Ordered To Pull Misleading Multimillion Ad Campaign... in brief | comments AP/Lynsey Adario Eminem Reveals Mariah\u0027s Voicemails On Tour: “Why Won\u0027t You See Me? Why Won\u0027t You Call Me?” in brief | comments From CNN/AP/Richmond-Times Dispatch Violent Mob Scene Erupts In Rush For Cheap Laptops… in brief | comments Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Free Republic: Undisclosed Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717 in brief | comments Consumers Set To Spend Over $1 Trillion On Media... in brief | comments Madonna Hospitalized With Several Broken Bones... in brief | comments From ritualabusefree.org 61-Year-Old Nun\u0027s Pilgrimage To Protest Da Vinci Code Movie... in brief | comments 2,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits... in brief | comments Time Warner To Meet With Carl Icahn... in brief | comments Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%... in brief | comments News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV... in brief | comments Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record… in brief | comments NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide… in brief | comments Posh Spice Has Never Read A Book, Including Her Autobiography… in brief | comments See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050817035503,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
