{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/J. Scott Applewhite07.17.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe Rove scandal continued to capture our bloggers\u0027 attention this week, with Mike McCurry offering a \"been there, done that\" perspective on beleaguered Scott McClellan, Jay Rosen exploring why the chickens are coming home to roost on the Bush administration\u0027s treatment of the press, and a host of others -- including Tom Tommorrow, John Conyers, David Corn, Kenneth Leher, Paul Feig, James Moore, Dal LaMagna, Louise Slaughter, and yours truly -- taking aim at the unfolding story. Other posts you won\u0027t want to miss: Bill Maher on army recruiting numbers, David Sirota on the future of unions, Harry Shearer on the Saudi nuclear threat, Sarah Stillman on CAFTA, and Nathan Gardels, James Pinkerton, Simon Jenkins, and Michael Smerconish on London and the war on terror. And for a dose of humor, check out Adam McKay, Danielle Crittenden, Emily Levine, Bill Diamond, Paul Krassner, and Sandy Frank.permalink | comments07.15.2005 Bill MaherI couldn\u0027t help but notice General Barry McCaffrey this week commented on our recruiting problems. He said \"By next fall, we\u0027ll have expended our ability to use National Guard brigades as one of the principal forces, we\u0027re reaching the bottom of the barrel.\" This stood out to me, because a couple of months ago, an Alabama congressman was trying to get me fired for saying on \"Real Time\" that, as far as recruiting went, we\u0027d \"done picked all the low-lying Lynndie England fruit.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Mike McCurryI know Democratic partisans are not supposed to get weepy watching the Bush team wilt under the hot lights of Plamegate, but allow me a little sympathy for Scott McClellan who gets sent out to roast every day from the hot breath of the White House press corps. Been there, done that I would say. I was the press corps pinata for President Clinton during four zesty years that included l\u0027affaire Monique. Sometimes it is the chosen assignment of the White House Press Secretary to go out and get whacked, over and over, to see if anything interesting will spill out...read whole post | permalink | comments07.11.2005 Adam McKayImmediately after the London bombings I overheard someone say, \"See! That\u0027s why we\u0027re in Iraq!\" It knocked the wind out of me. \"But even the President admits there\u0027s no connection. Powell said it... Al Qaeda hated Iraq and Hussein...\" It doesn\u0027t matter. We\u0027re into animal response territory here. Like when you try and help a scared dog and it bites you. The whole world has become a threat. Things are blurry.permalink | comments07.16.2005 Jay RosenThe brutalizing of Scott McClellan at the White House podium on Monday is a development with long roots. They stretch well beyond the particulars of what McClellan earlier said about Karl Rove and the use of Valerie Plame to discredit Joseph Wilson. Frustrations roared to life that day from hundreds of briefings prior. Press rollback, the policy for which McClellan signed on, means not feeding but starving the beast, downgrading journalism where possible, and reducing its effectiveness as an interlocutor with the president. The president and his advisors have declared invalid the \"fourth estate\" and watchdog press model. They have moved on, and take it for granted that adversaries will not be as bold.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Michael SmerconishFour years post 9/11, we remain vulnerable to a London style attack. In my opinion, there are a myriad of reasons: the growth of radical Islam; porous borders; an unwillingness to profile; the failure to capture Bin Laden; to name but a few. According to a member of the 9/11 Commission, you can add HDTV to that list. HDTV? That’s the word from former U.S. Naval Secretary, and 9/11 Commissioner, John Lehman, with whom I just spoke...permalink | comments07.16.2005 Paul FeigYou remember the game of Clue, right? Well, instead of the board being a representation of a mansion, pretend the board is instead a map of Washington, DC. Using your love of intrigue and deduction, try to figure out who the second source for the Valerie Plame leak is. C\u0027mon, it\u0027ll be fun. It\u0027s the weekend. You\u0027re allowed to play games. After you mow the lawn, that is. And the garage could use a little paint, too. But just do your chores and then settle in for a little diversion.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Sarah StillmanMembers of Congress, beware: a vote against CAFTA is a vote for Osama. Or so Donald Rumsfeld might have you believe, if you read his recent op-ed in the Miami Herald in which he ominously warns, “The coming vote on CAFTA is a national security vote. Let there be no doubt.” But how is it that CAFTA--a free trade agreement negotiated in secrecy and tailored primarily to the needs of multinational manufacturers, agribusiness, and pharmaceutical companies--will help combat “the violent extremism that is threatening civilized societies”?permalink | comments07.13.2005 James PinkertonThe Economist has always taken a mostly neocon-ish line toward Iraq. And its leader in the wake of the London bombing was no exception. Doing its part to huff, puff, and fluff Prime Minister Tony Blair into Churchillian proportions, the weekly asked if the terror attacks might undercut British resolve to keep troops in Iraq. The answer: “Far likelier, the attacks will reinforce the case for pressing on with the long-term task...”permalink | comments07.12.2005 James MooreThe hallmarks of a Rove smear job are always the same: leak, lie, defame, obfuscate, and deny. He did it when he began a whisper campaign about Gov. Ann Richards\u0027 sexuality. He did it when he used surrogates in South Carolina to suggest that Sen. John McCain was mentally unstable and may have fathered a black child out of wedlock and he did it in the last election when he used the Swift Boat Veterans as a front group to proffer lies about John Kerry\u0027s time in Vietnam. As a long time observer of Karl Rove, there is great entertainment in watching a rare moment of tribulation for the presidential counselor. Funny thing is, it\u0027s all happened before on a lesser scale when nobody but us obscure Texas reporters were paying attention...permalink | comments07.13.2005 Tom TomorrowPodheretz does not accuse Wilson of outing his own wife as a CIA agent--only of acknowledging the fact that she is his wife. And I don\u0027t actually believe that these people are so impenetrably stupid that they are unable to comprehend that simple distinction. This is just the standard right wing debate tactic that we\u0027ve seen over and over again over the past few years: throw out a ton of nonsense and see what sticks. But you can take it to the bank: in Wingnutland, it will be--if it is not already--taken as gospel truth that Joe Wilson used to run a website called \"www.my-wife-is-a-big-old-CIA-agent.com\".permalink07.13.2005 Danielle Crittendenkickass43: could use a stiff one now sxybritguy10: u r in trouble man kickass43: rove stuff sux kickass43: can\u0027t play the game with no quarterback sxybrityguy10: bad rap sxybritguy10: at least u still got condi kickass43: she\u0027s so hot sxybritguy10: way hot kickass43: remember her in germany kickass43: the domantrix boots sxybritguy10: smokin kickass43: she rocks way more than colin sxybritguy10: kinda missed colin this yr kickass43: no way sxybritguy10: waypermalink | comments07.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe Rove Scandal Train is picking up momentum (even here in Nice)… just ask Scottie McClellan, who is starting to look more and more like Ron Ziegler with every passing press briefing. Actually, two separate Rove trains have left the station. The legal train and the political train -- heading along two very separate tracks. But it\u0027s now clear that the White House damage control team has decided to try and link the two.permalink | comments07.15.2005 Kenneth Lerer1. SPEAK. 2. APOLOGIZE, SORT OF. 3. OFFER TO STEP ASIDE, BUT DON\u0027T. 4. FINALLY, BE A MAN, LET SCOTT McCLELLAN OFF THE HOOK. 5. REPEAT AFTER ME. 6. GOOD LUCK.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Dal LaMagnaEverybody’s talking about Rove. Did he commit treason? Is he a good guy or a bad guy? Is he really Bush’s brain? Or is he an extremely able, barely-within-the-law political genius? Certainly his decades of political successes are evidence of his political astuteness. Yet many of them also seem to carry a scent of duplicity, an ability to leak information that ultimately plays a great role in his wins. Let’s take a look back …permalink | comments07.11.2005 Harry ShearerThe Asia Times suggets that Saudi Arabia, which reputedly has been trying to go nuclear since 1975 (!!), has purchased nuclear materials from our other close friend, Pakistan. This report has been followed up, or refuted, nowhere inside the American media bubble...permalink | comments07.11.2005 Laurie DavidLast week at the G8, President Bush restated his favorite global warming canard: that mandatory curbs on fossil fuel pollution will “cripple the U.S. economy.” WELL, WHAT DOES HE THINK GLOBAL WARMING WILL DO TO THE ECONOMY!?!? I wish there was an even bolder bold on this computer to emphasize how insane this logic is. Non-stop flooding, killer heat waves, energy and food shortages: what will these do to the economy? Will it be good for Wall Street when millions of people are displaced from coastal cities?permalink | comments07.12.2005 Paul RieckhoffThis week, the President and Congress are faced with a choice to stand either with or against our Veterans. The Bush Administration recently admitted that they miscalculated the health care costs for Veterans of the War on Terror by at least $1 billion this year and $3 billion next year. That means four out of five returning Veterans could be turned away from care at the V.A. Well, now there\u0027s something you can do about it...permalink | comments07.14.2005 Emily LevineForget Karl Rove, what’s up with Arlen Specter? The man who explained the magic bullet theory to the Warren Commission – my favorite piece of sketch comedy after “Who’s on first?” - the Senator who savaged Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas hearings has in the past few weeks declared his ideological independence. “What gives?” I asked my dog. He said, “Cancer. Specter’s dealing with a life-threatening disease.” Which just goes to show you how stupid this dog is. I’ve had cancer and sure, it’s a transformative experience but it’s not that transformative. I didn’t suddenly start dialing up Rush Limbaugh or join the NRA.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Mark JosephThe Wall Street Journal weighed in last week with this piece. What else has to happen before Democrats throw this issue out the window and get back to winning elections? If I were Howard Dean I\u0027d do more than have the party platform go neutral on this subject. I\u0027d offer each Democratic couple that brings a child to term a check for $500.permalink07.11.2005 Rep. Ted PoeBy what legal authority do justices of our Supreme Court use foreign world tribunals, global norms, and the philosophy of European elites in making decisions that affect the citizens of the United States? As a former felony court judge in Houston, Texas for over 20 years, I used the Constitution and made decisions that affected real people – defendants, victims, and the community. I took the same oath as our Supreme Court justices and never rendered a ruling based upon the sentiments of another nation. I determined whether individuals should lose their property, liberty, and freedom. On occasion, my decisions even resulted in those individuals forfeiting their lives. Nonetheless, every ruling was rooted in the United States Constitution.permalink | comments07.13.2005 Trey EllisAs our demoralizing string of losses has made excruciatingly clear, we once feisty donkeys are in trouble up to our asses. We need to immediately and radically re-introduce ourselves to the American public as what we truly are – the party of the Middle Class. Everyone already knows that the Republicans are a party now held captive by the ultra-rich and the fanatic and yet they continue to beat our butts because they are the devil they know. Agree with this administration or not, at least its stand on most issues is as simple to understand as a children’s story. My dream for a revitalized Democratic party goes something like this...permalink | comments07.14.2005 Cenk UygurI’ve been a life-long Republican. I just happen to care more about my country than I do about my party. I supported Ronald Reagan. I voted for and whole-heartedly supported – and to this day continue to support – George H.W. Bush. I’m against affirmative action, I’m a fiscal hawk and I held pro-war rallies during the first Persian Gulf War. But do I still call myself a Republican? Hell no. I care too much about my country to put a political party over the interests of our nation....permalink | commentsFrom news.bbc.co.ukAFPAP/Damian DovarganesAP/NASA, HOAP /Karim KadimAP/NOAAMen\u0027s FitnessAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Manuel Balce CenetaHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From rotten.comFrom images.zap2it.comAP/Joe CavarettaAP/Thierry CharlierAP/Kathy WillensAP/Chris PizzelloAP/Will Kincaid","h1":"Another Leaked Memo In Plamegate...",".title":"","h2":"Sunday RoundupThe Bottom of the BarrelA Little Sympathy for Scott McClellanKickin’ It Like Larry KingRollbackListen to LehmanThe Valerie Plame Game of ClueRummy\u0027s Magic Wand Strikes Again…Blair\u0027s BurdenThe Knower of All-Knowing Knowledge: Karl RoveFox News WatchMore Intercepted Instant Messaging Between Bush and BlairHas the Turd Blossom Express Reached the End of the Line?Advice for the ArchitectRove: Seeds Of Destruction From Seeds Of His SuccessWhat\u0027s News?Does the President Think Global Warming Will Be Good for the Economy?New Print Ad: Mr. President, You\u0027re Either With Us or Against UsSpeculating on SpecterIs Abortion Turning Blue States Red?Has the Supreme Court Lost its Way?A Modest Proposal for the Democratic LeadershipPut Your Country Above Your Party","h3":"White House Hoping Its Silence Will Make Rove Issue Disappear...“I Didn\u0027t Take [Cooper\u0027s] Bait”...“Rove Is Personally Cool As A Cucumber”...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"London Bombers May Have Been Tricked Into Suicide Mission…France Vows To Deport Muslim Clerics Whose “Sermons Are Radical”…Covert U.S. Funds Reported In Iraqi Elections…NASA Accused Of Transporting Microbes To Mars…Massive Investigation…Shuttle Delayed Indefinitely…Possible Fatwa Against Suicide Bombers...Three Bombs, Four Days, 120 Dead...Court Rejects Greenhouse Gas Regulation...Hurricane Emily\u0027s 155 mph Winds Head For Mexico...Schwarzenegger Ends $5M Mag Deal... Salary “Petty Compared To The Movies”Bush Approval Ratings At Low...Euro vs. Dollar In Middle East...Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over”“I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”…GE Profit Increases 24 Percent...Santorum Equates Gay Sex With “Man-On-Dog” ... Top Aide Comes Out...San Diego\u0027s Mayor Resigns Amid Scandal, Intense Criticism...“Village People” Cop Arrested By Real Cop…NBC Gambles On “Contemporary, Cool” Jesus…Top UK Diplomat’s Iraq Book Blocked…Rookie Wins $7.5M World Series Of Poker…500% Increase In Computerized Criminal Activity Since June…Study: Rich Men Have More Sex...“It\u0027s The Craziest Deal I\u0027ve Ever Seen”“This Is How You Go Out With A Bang, Baby”...“No Association Between Levels Of Mental Ability And Reported Happiness”...Five Million Books, 24 Hours...“Hot Coffee” Code Unlocks Hidden Sex In Popular Video Game…Get A Date While Filling Up Your Cart...Safeway, Albertsons, Walgreen, Kroger Suing Visa For Price Fixing…Growing Meth Abuse Costs Employers Millions...Beyonce Sued For Stealing “Baby Boy”…Conservative Telecast To Denounce “Court\u0027s Hostility Toward Religion And Christianity”...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 17 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 17 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG172004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16From news.bbc.co.uk London Bombers May Have Been Tricked Into Suicide Mission… in brief | comments AFP France Vows To Deport Muslim Clerics Whose “Sermons Are Radical”… in brief | comments Covert U.S. Funds Reported In Iraqi Elections… in brief | comments AP/Damian Dovarganes NASA Accused Of Transporting Microbes To Mars… in brief | comments AP/NASA, HO Massive Investigation…Shuttle Delayed Indefinitely… in brief | comments Possible Fatwa Against Suicide Bombers... in brief | comments AP /Karim Kadim Three Bombs, Four Days, 120 Dead... in brief | comments Court Rejects Greenhouse Gas Regulation... in brief | comments AP/NOAA Hurricane Emily\u0027s 155 mph Winds Head For Mexico... in brief | comments Men\u0027s Fitness Schwarzenegger Ends $5M Mag Deal... Salary “Petty Compared To The Movies” in brief | comments Bush Approval Ratings At Low... in brief | comments Euro vs. Dollar In Middle East... in brief | comments Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over” in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite “I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”… comments GE Profit Increases 24 Percent... in brief | comments AP/Manuel Balce Ceneta Santorum Equates Gay Sex With “Man-On-Dog” ... Top Aide Comes Out... in brief | comments San Diego\u0027s Mayor Resigns Amid Scandal, Intense Criticism... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From rotten.com “Village People” Cop Arrested By Real Cop… in brief | comments From images.zap2it.com NBC Gambles On “Contemporary, Cool” Jesus… in brief | comments Top UK Diplomat’s Iraq Book Blocked… in brief | comments AP/Joe Cavaretta Rookie Wins $7.5M World Series Of Poker… in brief | comments 500% Increase In Computerized Criminal Activity Since June… in brief | comments AP/Thierry Charlier Study: Rich Men Have More Sex... in brief | comments AP/Kathy Willens “It\u0027s The Craziest Deal I\u0027ve Ever Seen” in brief | comments AP/Chris Pizzello “This Is How You Go Out With A Bang, Baby”... in brief | comments “No Association Between Levels Of Mental Ability And Reported Happiness”... in brief | comments Five Million Books, 24 Hours... in brief | comments “Hot Coffee” Code Unlocks Hidden Sex In Popular Video Game… in brief | comments Get A Date While Filling Up Your Cart... in brief | comments Safeway, Albertsons, Walgreen, Kroger Suing Visa For Price Fixing… in brief | comments AP/Will Kincaid Growing Meth Abuse Costs Employers Millions... in brief | comments Beyonce Sued For Stealing “Baby Boy”… in brief | comments Conservative Telecast To Denounce “Court\u0027s Hostility Toward Religion And Christianity”... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050717075744,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
