{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.04.2005 Arianna HuffingtonI’ll take my teachable moments anyplace I can find them… even if it means jumping into the middle of the celebrity spitting match between Tom Cruise and Brooke Shields. And thanks to Tom and Brooke, and Tom and Oprah, and Tom and Matt, this is certainly a teachable moment to be grabbed by those of us who have been raising our voices for years about the epidemic of mood-altering drugs being prescribed to our kids.There are now over a million children on Prozac and its equivalents, and more than six million on Ritalin. And although there are undoubtedly children who are properly diagnosed as clinically depressed and are legitimately prescribed antidepressants, as a country we’ve gotten into the habit of treating childhood as a disease. Indeed, the official psychiatric diagnostic manual describes as symptoms of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder “squirms in seat,” “interrupts or intrudes on others,” and “is often on the go.” Sounds a lot like...uh, childhood -- a condition that -- when left untreated -- tends to cure itself over time. Isn’t it a supreme irony that we have no problem turning our kids into legally drugged up zombies at an earlier and earlier age and then expect them to just say no to illegal drugs down the line?read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellKarl Rove\u0027s lawyer, Robert Luskin, had his holiday weekend ruined on Friday when I broke the story that the e-mails that Time delivered to the special prosecutor that afternoon reveal that Karl Rove is the source Matt Cooper has been protecting for two years. The next day, Luskin was forced to open the first hole in the Rove two-year wall of silence about the case. In a huge admission to Newsweek and the Los Angeles Times, Luskin confessed that, well, yes, Rove did talk to Cooper. It is a huge admission in a case where Rove and Luskin have never, before Friday, felt compelled to say a word about Rove\u0027s contact with Cooper or anyone else involved in the case. Luskin then launched what sounds like an I-did-not-inhale defense. He told Newsweek that his client \"never knowingly disclosed classified information.\" Knowingly. That is the most important word Luskin said in what has now become his public version of the Rove defense.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 James MooreThe simple, unavoidable truth is that Karl Rove orchestrated the leak of Valerie Plame\u0027s identity. No one who knows this man and has watched him work has any doubt that Rove came up with the idea of the leak and then set the plan in motion. Having watched him as he leaked, lied, obfuscated, and denied for political goals over the past 25 years, my own conviction of Rove\u0027s involvement is unwavering. He has a history of seeking revenge and the Texas landscape is cluttered with political cadavers he left behind before departing for the big show.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 David SirotaA lot of people have asked me which races in 2006 are going to be most crucial. The disgusting Katherine Harris of Bush-Gore 2000 fame is running in Florida - should defeating her be progressives\u0027 biggest priority? Or what about taking out wild-eyed right-wing lunatic Sen. Rick Santorum in Pennsylvania? Both of these races are definitely important. But if you are a progressive who wants to start seeing some fundamental, long-term change, there\u0027s one race in 2006 that stands head and shoulders above the rest in terms of significance: The race to replace retiring Sen. Jim Jeffords in Vermont.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Dr. Peter BregginI first began writing about antidepressant-induced suicidality in 1991. At that time I identified drug-induced suicidality as part of a much larger problem -- antidepressant-induced activation or stimulation similar to that caused by amphetamine, methamphetamine and cocaine. Antidepressant stimulation can lead to violence as well as suicide and a wide variety of abnormal and even psychotic behaviors. Especially in people who are already depressed, these over-stimulated reactions can lead to a severe worsening of depression or to transformation of the depression into mania.read whole post | permalink | comments07.02.2005 Bill Diamond“Self-evident” truths? This is typical Democratic-Republican bullshittery, Tom. If I’m hearing you correctly, what you’re saying is simply because you believe it, it’s true. Okay, well, I’m saying you suck -- seems fairly “self-evident” to me. Posted by: whig4ever at July 4, 1776read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Chuck GutensonOn matters theological, I am rather on the conservative side of the spectrum. However, as one of my colleagues says, a conservative theological agenda aligns best with a progressive political agenda (in contradiction to this administration and its apologists!), and many of us are sick at the perversion of the Christian faith being foisted upon our country and this world by this group. British theologian and Bishop of Durham, NT Wright, characterized the religious expression of the Bush administration and its religious apologists as \"a very strange distortion of Christianity.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Deanne StillmanLet\u0027s assume for the sake of argument that Bush\u0027s foreign policy is keeping terrorists out of this country, that he has effectively secured our perimeters. Strange, isn\u0027t it, that he\u0027s setting fire to our living room? The latest example of this is the recent rollback of grazing restrictions, the result of a rewrite - or \"fixing\" - of a grazing study which warned about unchecked cattle grazing on public lands. In a few more years, the wide open space which our ancestors bled for will be one big feedlot filled with mad cows.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Gene StoneThe media has turned the word Christian into something abominable to gays; a faith that’s predicated on hatred. Read the papers, watch TV, and you’d think that Christianity was a monolithic block of homophobes whose idea of a good time is signing petitions to keep gays in chains for life. Controversy sells. Conciliation doesn’t. No wonder why Christians and gays are at each other’s throats.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Robert WeissmanWashington Post media commentator Howard Kurtz thinks there is no housing bubble, or at least that many in the media are \"erring on the side of pessimism\" in reporting on the matter. His number one expert to prove the point? James Glassman, described as \"financial commentator\" and \"American Enterprise Fellow.\" \"The press has gone way overboard\" in reporting the housing bubble, Glassman tells Kurtz. Wait a second. Isn\u0027t that the same James Glassman who in 1999 co-authored Dow 36,000: The New Strategy for Profiting from the Coming Rise in the Stock Market? You bet it is.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Geoffrey R. StoneJudith Miller and Matthew Cooper are to be sentenced on Wednesday. It is time for them to stop obstructing a legitimate federal investigation and misusing the mantle of the First Amendment. What distinguishes the leak in the Plame case from 99% of journalist-source situations is that in this situation the leak itself was a criminal offense. As newspapers like the New York Times observed at the time Robert Novak first broke this story, this is a matter of potential Watergate-level consequence.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Scott HobbsSeveral years ago, a good friend was traveling in India and had the opportunity to have a private audience with the Dalai Lama. She could hardly contain her excitement as she wracked her brain with appropriate questions to ask. ”What about meditation? Should I meditate?” His answer was short and sweet: “Yes, meditation is good, but most important is to try and be a good person.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Jane WellsWe had Senator Barack Obama (D –IL) here this weekend for a “Public Conversation” (at $25 a head) at the Aspen Institute. He is clearly a brilliant man with plenty of good ideas and potential. But as this is Aspen, the power mongers were out in force and it reminded me of how no politician in this country can succeed without the blessing of the mighty. Even $400 a head at a benefit dinner didn’t get face time with the Senator, who was whisked away by those who pay more.read whole post | permalink | comments07.04.2005 Richard BelzerOn Independence Day, we the people once again contemplate the meaning of it all, perhaps more so for many of us than ever before. We ask ...Are we free? How free are we? How well do our representatives truly represent \"we the people\"...is there an unbiased free flow of ideas between government and governed? What is really happening right now at this moment in our history? And what can we expect of the future? Was George Orwell correct when he said \"If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stomping on a human face -- forever.\"read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"I Did Not Inhale...",".title":"","h2":"A Pill for Every IllRove\u0027s \"I Did Not Inhale\" DefenseKarl and KarmaThe Most Important U.S. Senate Race in 2006FDA Continues to Confirm Antidepressant Risks I First Identified More Than a Decade AgoIf Jefferson BloggedThe Good News...or Not?Homeland Insecurity and Unpatriotic ActsGod, Gays, and HeadlinesBubbles, Glassman and KurtzMiscast MartyrsMore than Downward Facing DogThe View From Aspen Isn\u0027t So GreatThoughts on the 4th From France","h3":"Growing “Concern” In The White House That The Prosecutor Is Interested In Rove…BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Iraq Police Search for Kidnapped Egyptian Diplomat...Bush To Reject Any Measure That “Looks Like Kyoto”...Disney Interns Are “Like Indentured Slaves”...$100M Battle For Supreme Court Seat...China Demands US Correct Its “Mistaken Ways”...$11.4B In Iraqi Oil Revenue Lost...‘As Of Now, I Think We Have A Completely Different Understanding Of Our Solar System’…Filibuster Deal May Hinder Dems. Efforts To Block Conservatives’ Supreme Court Nominees...Top al-Qaida Leader Killed…Mysterious Eruption Off Japanese Coast…Poor Writing Costs States $221 Million...Bush Discussing How To Write His Life Story...Chirac:“The Only Thing [The English] Have Ever Done For European Agriculture Is Mad Cow”Huge Security Measures For... The New Harry Potter BookReport Criticizes “Breast-Feeding Zealots”...Protesters Swarm G8 Summit...Los Alamos Scientists ‘Trying To Be The Best Terrorists We Can Be’...Steal Wi-Fi, Go To Jail...Overweight Troops Are Growing Military Concern...FEMA Wants Millions Back From Hurricane Victims...Legislation ‘Takes A Wrecking Ball To The Whole Endangered Species Act’…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 5 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 5 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG52004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Iraq Police Search for Kidnapped Egyptian Diplomat... in brief | comments Bush To Reject Any Measure That “Looks Like Kyoto”... in brief | comments Disney Interns Are “Like Indentured Slaves”... in brief | comments $100M Battle For Supreme Court Seat... in brief | comments China Demands US Correct Its “Mistaken Ways”... in brief | comments $11.4B In Iraqi Oil Revenue Lost... in brief | comments ‘As Of Now, I Think We Have A Completely Different Understanding Of Our Solar System’… in brief | comments Filibuster Deal May Hinder Dems. Efforts To Block Conservatives’ Supreme Court Nominees... in brief | comments Top al-Qaida Leader Killed… in brief | comments Mysterious Eruption Off Japanese Coast… in brief | comments Poor Writing Costs States $221 Million... in brief | comments Bush Discussing How To Write His Life Story... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Chirac:“The Only Thing [The English] Have Ever Done For European Agriculture Is Mad Cow” in brief | comments Huge Security Measures For... The New Harry Potter Book in brief | comments Report Criticizes “Breast-Feeding Zealots”... in brief | comments Protesters Swarm G8 Summit... in brief | comments Los Alamos Scientists ‘Trying To Be The Best Terrorists We Can Be’... in brief | comments Steal Wi-Fi, Go To Jail... in brief | comments Overweight Troops Are Growing Military Concern... in brief | comments FEMA Wants Millions Back From Hurricane Victims... in brief | comments Legislation ‘Takes A Wrecking Ball To The Whole Endangered Species Act’… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050705084227,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
