{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.05.2005 Arianna HuffingtonTime for another Russert Watch preview. This week’s show features Mario Cuomo and law professor Douglas Kmiec discussing the role Judge John Roberts’ Catholicism should play in his confirmation. But, frankly, this week, instead of coming up with questions for Tim, I’d like to hear him give some long-overdue answers about his still ill-defined involvement in Plamegate. And I’m not the only one feeling this way. Earlier this week, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Sydney Schanberg called on Russert and all the other reporters involved in the story (yes, that includes you Bob Novak) to “tell us everything”: “Tim Russert cuts a large figure in Washington,” wrote Schanberg. “He should be a big man now and give us some details; why not agree to be interviewed by someone as probing as he?” Leaving aside the question of just how probing Russert actually is, I think Schanberg has hit on a fantastic idea. Indeed, why doesn’t Tim agree to be interviewed on his own show? He can bring on one guest interviewer (What are you doing on Sunday, Sydney?) or a panel of them. So what do you say, Tim? Why not put Roberts’ faith on hold for a week and restore the public’s faith in you by putting yourself in the Meet the Press hot seat…read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Bill ScherDavid Corn posted yesterday that since John Roberts can now be called a \"gay rights champion,\" liberals should consider Roberts to be more acceptable than Scalia, Thomas or Rehnquist. Corn often makes brilliant observations, but I must respectfully, and strongly, disagree with this one. We know that Roberts does not believe there is a fundamental constitutional right to privacy. That is the right that underpins our freedom to use birth control, terminate unwanted pregnancies, and make pregnancy-related medical decisions to protect the mother\u0027s health. It also underpins Lawrence v. Texas, which ruled that our government cannot restrict what two consenting adults do in their bedroom, including gays.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 David CornSupreme Court nominee John Roberts donated his legal services, when he was a corporate attorney, to gay rights activists challenging a voter-approved Colorado initiative that permitted employers and landlords to discriminate against gays and lesbians. So what are all the Supreme Court brawlers going to say about this? One small social conservative outfit -- Public Advocate -- has already called on Roberts to \"correct the record or withdraw\" as the nominee. But I wonder if the more significant social conservative organizations will swallow hard and stick with Bush\u0027s man. If they do, that ought to be fun to watch.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Craig CrawfordI am such a free-speech absolutist that I\u0027d probably defend the right to yell fire in a crowded theater. But the duplicitous Bob Novak could almost put me on the side of censorship. So it\u0027s a good thing he chose to censor himself and walk off the set when James Carville chided him for pandering to right wingers. And even better that CNN chose to put him on indefinite leave. Hopefully, the newspapers that run his column will consider such a move. It\u0027s time for Novak to quit pretending he\u0027s a journalist and come back from involuntary vacation as what he really is: an ideological flak artist.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonEver since word spread that Congress must reapprove the Voting Rights Act, bloggers have burned the Internet with dire warnings that the Bush administration and the GOP controlled Congress will torpedo the Act. That line is pure paranoia run amok. Voting rights for African-Americans are guaranteed in perpetuity by the Fifteenth amendment. But it’s not a case of misguided paranoia to be suspicious of GOP motives when one considers the past and present history of voting abuses. It’s that history that drives many blacks crazy with fear that they’re about to be swindled out of their vote again...read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Cenk UygurThe President has already taken off 319 days and counting in less than five years. He is in the middle of his annual five week vacation on his Crawford ranch, which will put his vacation days at over 350 when he’s completed this stretch. Let’s also remember that the President thinks there are some things that are important enough to interrupt his vacation. He left Crawford in the middle of the night to sign the bill relating to Terri Schiavo. We now have 21 Marines dead and a tape from Ayman al-Zawahiri, Al-Qaeda’s number two man, threatening more strikes inside the United States – but apparently that’s not good enough to interrupt his precious vacation.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Rep. Diane WatsonThe United Nations is made up of 191 nations, many of which are not democratic and whose interests run counter to our own. This is the nature of the beast. But in order to promote U.S. interests at the United Nations, the U.S. should have someone in the position who is willing to engage in the long process of diplomatic give and take -- not someone who has expressed his contempt for the United Nations, let alone diplomacy. When it comes right down to it, Bolton\u0027s peers at the United Nations will not be as pliant to his bullying tactics as his charges at the State Department. Maybe Mr. Bolton will soon learn an elementary schoolyard lesson: nobody likes a bully.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Emily LevineHard on the heels of the deaths of four farmworkers by heat-stroke -- hardly surprising, given that they work 10 hours a day in 120 degree heat -- an emergency order from Governor Schwarzenegger mandates that any farm worker showing signs of impending heat stroke be given five minutes to rest in the shade. Five minutes! Whoa, do they really need that much? That’s more time than it takes to order “Cesar Chavez: A Struggle for Justice” from Amazon.com.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Dal LaMagnaCould it be that talk of withdrawal from Iraq is simply a ploy with smoke and mirrors and untruths -- designed to offer hope to some while the killing still continues? President Bush said yesterday that our “timetable depends on our ability to train the Iraqis, to get the Iraqis ready to fight and then our troops will come home with the honor they have earned.\" Take that quote along with this statement by General Jack Keane, former vice chief of staff of the Army: “Insurgencies are difficult to counter, requiring ten to twelve years to defeat,” and we’re left feeling that all this withdrawal talk is simply hype... or as Norman Solomon writes, “The White House has launched a new phase of its propaganda siege for the Iraq war.”read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaInstead of \"The War on Terror\" various administration honchos (including Rumsfeld!) were starting to call it something like \"The Global Struggle Against Extremist Islamic Ideology.\" But Dubya knew better. He squashed that bug fast. He used \"The War on Terror\" slogan very pointedly in practically every other sentence of a short speech he gave before heading off to Crawford. Why? It\u0027s simple. Try to picture the title banner that whooshes into place every time Fox reports on Iraq reading \"The Struggle against Extremist Islamic Ideology\" instead of \"War on Terror.\" Just try to picture that.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Steve CobbleMs. Heinz, let me be blunt. It\u0027s time for justice. One year ago tomorrow, August 5th, the sleazy Swift Boat crowd ran their first attack ad on your husband. It was one of the lowest moments in American politics. And the elite media, the gatekeepers, just sat and watched, as if it were all just entertainment, a big show, a staged wrestling match between the Rock and Jesse Ventura. Which means if you want justice, you\u0027re going to have to do it yourself.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Gene StoneThere’s been a number of gay news items hitting the wires that haven’t been getting a great deal of coverage. Some are bad, some are worse. And actually, surprisingly, some are pretty good. The most surprising--and the one that the media may well pick up on--comes from the Los Angeles Times, which reports that Bush Supreme Court Nominee John Roberts once worked behind the scenes helping gay rights advocates prepare their arguments against the 1992 Colorado initiative allowing employers and landlords to exclude gays from jobs and housing. Robert’s side won, a big victory for gays (only Rehnquist, Scalia, and Thomas voted to uphold gay bias).read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Ingrid NewkirkOn March 7, 2004, I was on board a flight to Norfolk, Virginia which attempted to land when all other aircraft had fled the area due to a hurricane watch and severe crosswinds during a black thunderstorm we could see below us. We ran into wind sheer during each of two failed landing attempts -- one at an air force base nearby -- and were, in the pilot\u0027s words, \"blown out to sea.\" Cockpit recordings I obtained later show that the pilot entered the wind sheer warning area despite lightning strikes \"everywhere,\" had no required backup plan and by the time of our third attempted landing, hadn\u0027t enough fuel to go further. No one, including the crew, thought we would live, but we were \"lucky.\" Luck shouldn\u0027t play a role. However, Federal Aviation Administration complaints fell on deaf ears and Northwest Airlines simply assured us all that its pilots were well trained and that safety was their number one concern.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Dan CarolIn theory, in the wake of McCain-Feingold campaign law and the emerging era of MoveOn, Dean and small dollar Internet donations which brought John Kerry to parity with the Republicans, the Democratic Party and its affiliates no longer have to rely on soft money donations. So we\u0027re coming up to a big choice on media policy and who drives it. And our need for campaign checks from telecommunications companies is no longer as big an excuse for not doing the right thing. We can either follow the opportunities of community wi-fi and community Internet -- most recently touted yesterday by Thomas Friedman -- or we can lobby for Comcast and Adelphia on the wrong side of this issue.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Russell ShawIf the bombs were not dropped -- with all requisite horror duly demonstrated -- nukes would have been developed anyway. But the key difference is the world would not have had this atrocity and survivors thereof, to tell the tales of how nuclear weapons should never be used again. Absent this living legacy, whose to say that caution would not have prevailed during the Cuban Missile Crisis, or several other conflagrations? Were the deaths of 250,000 mostly innocent civilians an act of unintended but communal martyrdom? Have their deaths -- and the tortured testimony of many witnesses who survive to this day -- actually been the most persuasive argument against nuclear arms?read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Eric BoehlertIn the August issue of VF, James Wolcott wrote, \"Mr. Media would be much happier if Iraq would go away.\" And how. The press, and particularly television, long ago grew bored of the unpleasant insurgency story. But yesterday\u0027s roadside bombing—the deadliest of the entire war, claiming the lives of 14 Marines—forced the story back to the forefront, although just barely. At one point yesterday at the top of the hour on MSNBC, news of slain Marines was slotted in as the day\u0027s third most important story. The prize for indifference though, goes to the Wall Street Journal. Because here\u0027s how many stories the national newspaper published today detailing Wednesday\u0027s attack on Marines: 0.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Danielle CrittendenWACO, TX (AP)—Prisoners of Camp Crawford complain of small cells, poor meals, constant surveillance, and disrespectful—even disdainful—treatment from Presidential staff. “Thirty-three days in this hell-hole feels like thirty-three years,” said a bitter long-time White House correspondent. \"We’re all billeted into these crappy Waco motels—you know, the kind they hose down with antiseptic every day and you’ve got one lousy blanket which is made of recycled Coke bottles or something.\" A Fox News camera man agreed. “Basically you sit around in baking heat, bored out of your mind. How many times can you visit the ‘Texas Sports Hall of Fame’ or beat Nora O’Donnell at Scrabble? Nothing happens, except maybe when one of the staff summons you to watch the President pulling brush. After a few minutes, they pile you back into the buses, and that’s it. It’s torture.”read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom BBC NewsAP/Steve Vasquez/US NavyFrom mediabistro.comAP/Mark J. TerrillNASA TVHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Gerald HerbertAP/DaimlerChryslerAP/Steven J. NesiusFrom kitchom.ed.oita-u.ac.jp","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"55%:Disapprove Of Bush’s Job Handling... 62%: Disapprove Of Bush\u0027s Iraq Handling… 56%: Bush Is Arrogant... 50%: Bush Is Not Honest...Russert Watch: Turning the TablesJohn Roberts: One Pro Bono Case Does Not A Philosophy MakeHow To Spin This: John Roberts, Gay Rights Champion?Don\u0027t Go Away Mad, Bob Novak. JUST GO AWAY!Good Reason For Voting Rights ParanoiaWho\u0027s Running the Country?John Bolton: Nobody Likes a BullyIronicPolitics as Usual?They can\u0027t give up \"The War on Terror\"An Open Letter to Teresa HeinzFlying Below the Gaydar (2)The Air France Crash Should Raise the Question: \"Who\u0027s Looking out for us up There?\"D/democratic Media Policy -- A Key CrossroadsThe Unspoken Lesson of Hiroshima and NagasakiHear No Evil...Conditions at Camp Crawford “shocking and inhumane” inmates complain","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"1,000 Marines, Iraqi Forces Launch Attacks In Western Iraq...TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter...Recently Passed Congressional Bills Threaten To Soar Federal Deficit…U.K. Issues New Measures…“Play By Our Rules And Our Way Of Life” Or Get Deported...Seven Russian Sailors Trapped In Sub, 24 Hours Of Oxygen Left...Rescue Crews Tow Submarine To Shallower Waters...Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him...See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior…77% Of Americans Think Admin. Is Hiding Something Or Lying In Plame Investigation...Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”...Roberts\u0027 Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right…Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire...Astronauts Packing Up To Return To Earth...Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth...U.S. Indicts Two Lobbyists For Receiving And Spreading Classified Information...Chief Justice Rehnquist Taken To The Hospital...China To Freeze Out Foreign Media...Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?...Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up...Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad...Gary Sheffield Slams Yankees, Jeter, A-Rod, And New York Media...Wearing Flip Flops Can Kill You…Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self...River Tests Expose 40,000 Italians Using Cocaine Per Day...Christian Video Games…874,000 Urgently Need Food In Niger...Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits...Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye...Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe...Lindsay Lohan: “I Want My Boobs Back”...McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir...Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway PrisonGay TV Network Now Tackles Music...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 6 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 6 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP62004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 161,000 Marines, Iraqi Forces Launch Attacks In Western Iraq... in brief | comments From BBC News TV Station Airs Video Of Al Qaeda Gunning Down U.S. Helicopter... in brief | comments Recently Passed Congressional Bills Threaten To Soar Federal Deficit… in brief | comments U.K. Issues New Measures…“Play By Our Rules And Our Way Of Life” Or Get Deported... in brief | comments Seven Russian Sailors Trapped In Sub, 24 Hours Of Oxygen Left... in brief | comments AP/Steve Vasquez/US Navy Rescue Crews Tow Submarine To Shallower Waters... in brief | comments Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him... in brief | comments From mediabistro.com See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior… in brief | comments 77% Of Americans Think Admin. Is Hiding Something Or Lying In Plame Investigation... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”... in brief | comments Roberts\u0027 Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right… in brief | comments Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire... in brief | comments Astronauts Packing Up To Return To Earth... NASA TV in brief | comments Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth... in brief | comments U.S. Indicts Two Lobbyists For Receiving And Spreading Classified Information... in brief | comments Chief Justice Rehnquist Taken To The Hospital... in brief | comments China To Freeze Out Foreign Media... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Gerald Herbert Mike Tyson To Make Porno for Cash?... in brief | comments AP/DaimlerChrysler Snoop Dogg, Former Chrysler Chief Team Up... in brief | comments Raiders Ravage Woman\u0027s Property After Mistaken Newspaper Ad... in brief | comments AP/Steven J. Nesius Gary Sheffield Slams Yankees, Jeter, A-Rod, And New York Media... in brief | comments Wearing Flip Flops Can Kill You… in brief | comments Iraq Vet Returns From War, Shoots Wife Then Self... in brief | comments From kitchom.ed.oita-u.ac.jp River Tests Expose 40,000 Italians Using Cocaine Per Day... in brief | comments Christian Video Games… in brief | comments 874,000 Urgently Need Food In Niger... in brief | comments Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits... in brief | comments Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye... in brief | comments Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe... in brief | comments Lindsay Lohan: “I Want My Boobs Back”... in brief | comments McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir... in brief | comments Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway Prison in brief | comments Gay TV Network Now Tackles Music... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050806004645,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
