{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Itsuo Inouye07.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe Rove Scandal Train is picking up momentum (even here in Nice)… just ask Scottie McClellan, who is starting to look more and more like Ron Ziegler with every passing press briefing. Actually, two separate Rove trains have left the station. The legal train and the political train -- heading along two very separate tracks. But it\u0027s now clear that the White House damage control team has decided to try and link the two (it’s like one of those old algebra problems: \"If two trains leave the White House heading in opposite directions, one leading to a Federal courthouse and the other to Political Siberia, can even a Boy Genius keep both of them from going off track?\"). By linking the potential political fallout to the legal issue at hand, the White House can then hem, haw, and stall -- claiming that we need to let the legal system run its course -- and then hope that if special prosecutor Fitzgerald can\u0027t clear the high legal bar and indict Rove, it\u0027ll be able to claim that he\u0027s somehow been exonerated for his political sins as well. Which, of course, is utter nonsense…read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Sarah StillmanMembers of Congress, beware: a vote against CAFTA is a vote for Osama. Or so Donald Rumsfeld might have you believe, if you read his recent op-ed in the Miami Herald in which he ominously warns, “The coming vote on CAFTA is a national security vote. Let there be no doubt.” But how is it that CAFTA--a free trade agreement negotiated in secrecy and tailored primarily to the needs of multinational manufacturers, agribusiness, and pharmaceutical companies--will help combat “the violent extremism that is threatening civilized societies”?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Michael SmerconishFour years post 9/11, we remain vulnerable to a London style attack. In my opinion, there are a myriad of reasons: the growth of radical Islam; porous borders; an unwillingness to profile; the failure to capture Bin Laden; to name but a few. According to a member of the 9/11 Commission, you can add HDTV to that list. HDTV? That’s the word from former U.S. Naval Secretary, and 9/11 Commissioner, John Lehman, with whom I just spoke...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 James MooreThe hallmarks of a Rove smear job are always the same: leak, lie, defame, obfuscate, and deny. He did it when he began a whisper campaign about Gov. Ann Richards\u0027 sexuality. He did it when he used surrogates in South Carolina to suggest that Sen. John McCain was mentally unstable and may have fathered a black child out of wedlock and he did it in the last election when he used the Swift Boat Veterans as a front group to proffer lies about John Kerry\u0027s time in Vietnam. As a long time observer of Karl Rove, there is great entertainment in watching a rare moment of tribulation for the presidential counselor. Funny thing is, it\u0027s all happened before on a lesser scale when nobody but us obscure Texas reporters were paying attention...read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Tom WatsonOur President, George W. Bush, was actually in the United Kingdom when terror struck London. He was in Scotland, a two-hour flight from Heathrow. Understandably, he and the other leaders completed the G8 summit, unbowed by the carnage in the London transit system. And then our President came home. And in doing so, he knowingly cast a gob of bitter spittle in the face of our constant ally, and disgraced the United States of America. Why didn\u0027t President Bush visit London? Why didn\u0027t he walk the streets, take a few questions from the press, show the power of his office to Londoners?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Charlie CrayCorporate executives and directors have once again flunked the \"acid test\" of corporate reform (as Warren Buffett put it), continuing to pay themselves an average of 289 times what the average employee took home last year, according to recent figures. No matter what they say, this gross inequality has nothing to do with job performance or general prosperity (e.g. job creation) and everything to do with the ongoing epidemic of shameless war profiteering, outsourcing, and tax dodging that have fueled festering resentments across the rest of society.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Deanne StillmanYou know, Rush, you\u0027re really on to something with this whole Club Gitmo thing. We could really make a fortune, so let\u0027s take it to the next level. How about Hiroshima key chains? Better yet, Gettysburg oven mitts? Or maybe that\u0027s going too far, perhaps we should confine ourselves to the tried-and-true area of prisoner-of-war camps. I\u0027m thinking mood rings from Andersonville.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Bill DiamondTuesday\u0027s New York Times points out that the whole Rove affair has “some Republicans worried about the possible effects on Mr. Bush’s second-term agenda.” That’s what it takes to get them worried? Not the President’s ham-handed attempt to reform social security, his reckless and unforgivable squandering of a budget surplus, the war he decided to wage without sufficient troop levels or a proper exit strategy, the horrible losses being suffered by courageous American soldiers or the thousands of innocent Iraqi citizens dying every day... but rather the potential loss of the President’s longtime confidant and beloved Turdblossom?read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Deepak ChopraWe have an ocean within us as 60% of our body is water and once upon an evolutionary time when we stepped out of the ocean we brought a lot of it along as our body fluids. Randomly, I remembered something from Shakespeare, “There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.” Our bodies are literally a symphony of the stars. When our bodies are totally in sync with this symphony everything is effortless, spontaneous, and the exuberance and abundance of the universe flows through us in joyful ecstasy.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Carl PopeThanks to the President\u0027s obduracy, the major industrial nations at their G8 summit In Gleneagles, Scotland, failed to make meaningful progress on global warming. The most meaningful proof of this is that the declaration was carefully phrased in Frank Luntz\u0027s favorite term, \"climate change,\" (which makes global warming sound like it occurs naturally instead of actually being manmade) and that the simple, and meteorologically measurable fact that \"our world is warming\" was deleted at Bush\u0027s insistence from the opening of the statement.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Joshua ZeitzWhat makes the Bush/Rove scandal potentially more serious than the Clinton and Nixon era cases are its higher stakes. The Nixon White House abused the public trust to conceal dirty (and unnecessary) campaign tactics; Clinton misled the public to hide an extra-marital affair. The Bush White House, on the other hand, may have misled a grand jury and the American public about its complicity in outing a covert intelligence agent for no other reason than to retaliate against her husband, who publicly questioned the president\u0027s claim of an incipient Iraqi arms deals in Niger.read whole post | permalink | comments07.13.2005 Catherine IngramAfter a lifetime of believing that, as Martin Luther King, Jr. put it, \"no lie can live forever,\" I had come to think that we had crossed the Rubicon into a virtual world where infotainment was the majority reality, controlled by those who profit from the public’s ignorance, and that, unlike forced repression, it was too insidious to fight. But with the recent polls showing that a majority in the U.S. now oppose the war in Iraq and believe there was no connection between Iraq and 9/11, and with the scandal erupting around Karl Rove in which David Gregory of NBC and Terry Moran of ABC actually stood up for truth in their grilling of White House spokesman Scott McClellan, I dare to feel once again that maybe it is true: no lie can live forever.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Mark JosephThe Wall Street Journal weighed in last week with this piece. What else has to happen before Democrats throw this issue out the window and get back to winning elections? If I were Howard Dean I\u0027d do more than have the party platform go neutral on this subject. I\u0027d offer each Democratic couple that brings a child to term a check for $500.read whole post | permalink07.12.2005 Sandy FrankIn the war on terror our opponent is not a state, and this has raised a huge problem for those of us who want to end the war – and the killing – as quickly as possible: we don’t have anyone to surrender to. Immediately after 9/11, we could conceivably have surrendered to either Saudi Arabia – source of most of the suicide hijackers – or Afghanistan – harborer of mastermind Osama bin Laden. But the Saudis disclaimed any connection and, in the case of Afghanistan, the administration predictably squandered the opportunity and attacked. We then compounded our problem by attacking Iraq. Perhaps we were hoping to surrender to them, but any hope of that vanished when they cleverly surrendered to us first.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Cenk UygurThe media absolutely savaged Bill Clinton at every turn, for what now appears to be laughably innocuous matters. They even made a scandal out of his haircuts for God’s sake. Now, they can’t seem to gather up the courage to challenge this administration on the most egregious crimes, transgressions and salacious scandals. A haircut at the airport is a big story when it comes to President Clinton but torture at Bagram Air Base is barely covered for President Bush.read whole post | permalink | comments07.12.2005 Paul RieckhoffThis week, the President and Congress are faced with a choice to stand either with or against our Veterans. The Bush Administration recently admitted that they miscalculated the health care costs for Veterans of the War on Terror by at least $1 billion this year and $3 billion next year. That means four out of five returning Veterans could be turned away from care at the V.A. Well, now there\u0027s something you can do about it...read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Charles DharapakAP/ Andrew StuartAP/Bernat ArmangueAP/Lauren Victoria BurkeAP/Dave MartinFrom NEWS.com.auHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From tv.yahoo.comMSNBCAP/Daniel Hulshizer","h1":"Bolton May Accept Recess Appointment...",".title":"","h2":"Has the Turd Blossom Express Reached the End of the Line?Rummy\u0027s Magic Wand Strikes Again…Listen to LehmanThe Knower of All-Knowing Knowledge: Karl RoveBush\u0027s Flight From Terror: God Save the QueenNo Justice, No PieceMad Props To You Too, RushWhat, Me Worry?The Ecstatic DanceSome Get It, Some Don\u0027t\"What did the president know, and when did he know it?\"No Lie Can Live ForeverIs Abortion Turning Blue States Red?The Stateless EnemyThe Indisputable Media BiasNew Print Ad: Mr. President, You\u0027re Either With Us or Against Us","h3":"“Has Karl Rove Become A Liability To The President”...Admin. Official On Rove... “Is It A Communications Challenge? Sure...”Three Train Pileup In Pakistan, More Than 100 Dead...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Former Abramoff Associates Quit, Leave Country...British Police Make Arrest In Bombings Probe, Suspect Suicide Mission...Calls For Calm, Fear Of Hate-Crime Backlash...Time Mag Reporters Worry About “Signal” Editor\u0027s Decision Sends...Illinois To Fund Stem Cell Research...Barcelona\u0027s Prez Strips In Airport Rage...London Bombs Prod US Security For Trains, Ports, Factories...South Korea Offers Energy If North Dismantles Nukes...Space Shuttle Damaged On Launch Pad…Santorum Not Welcome In Boston...“The Public Has Moved To The Internet”...Super-Intelligent Monkeys Ignite Controversy…Musical Hallucinations… “It\u0027s Driving Me Bonkers To Be Quite Honest”Willie Nelson Album\u0027s Pot Leaf Cover Morphs Into Palm Tree For Wal Mart...Email Forwarding As Modern Day Gift Exchange...ABC News vs. Fox News“If I Can Discourage Illegal Aliens From Coming To ... My Community, Then I Think I\u0027ve Succeeded”...Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception...Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”…MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby...Judge Won\u0027t Drop Ethics Case Against DeLay Associate...Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back…...“We Reserve The Right To Evangelize The Unchurched”...“Your Brain Can Only Perform So Many Tasks At Once”...Sen. Specter Questions “Propriety” Of Public Broadcasting Chief Tomlinson...Scientists, Philosophers Hold Atlantis Conference In Greece..","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 13 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 13 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG132004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Former Abramoff Associates Quit, Leave Country... in brief | comments AP/ Andrew Stuart British Police Make Arrest In Bombings Probe, Suspect Suicide Mission... in brief | comments Calls For Calm, Fear Of Hate-Crime Backlash... in brief | comments Time Mag Reporters Worry About “Signal” Editor\u0027s Decision Sends... in brief | comments Illinois To Fund Stem Cell Research... in brief | comments AP/Bernat Armangue Barcelona\u0027s Prez Strips In Airport Rage... in brief | comments AP/Lauren Victoria Burke London Bombs Prod US Security For Trains, Ports, Factories... in brief | comments South Korea Offers Energy If North Dismantles Nukes... in brief | comments AP/Dave Martin Space Shuttle Damaged On Launch Pad… in brief | comments Santorum Not Welcome In Boston... in brief | comments “The Public Has Moved To The Internet”... in brief | comments From NEWS.com.au Super-Intelligent Monkeys Ignite Controversy… in brief | comments Musical Hallucinations… “It\u0027s Driving Me Bonkers To Be Quite Honest” in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Willie Nelson Album\u0027s Pot Leaf Cover Morphs Into Palm Tree For Wal Mart... in brief | comments Email Forwarding As Modern Day Gift Exchange... in brief | comments ABC News vs. Fox News in brief | comments “If I Can Discourage Illegal Aliens From Coming To ... My Community, Then I Think I\u0027ve Succeeded”... in brief | comments Study Says Morning-After Pill Access Doesn\u0027t Effect Use As Contraception... in brief | comments From tv.yahoo.com Racial Teams Considered For Next Season’s “Apprentice”… in brief | comments MSNBC MSNBC Prez Rick Kaplan Banishes Abrams Poster From Anchor Wall, Hangs Rita Cosby... in brief | comments Judge Won\u0027t Drop Ethics Case Against DeLay Associate... in brief | comments Study Shows Missourians Biggest Slackers, Gov. Fires Back… in brief | comments ...“We Reserve The Right To Evangelize The Unchurched”... in brief | comments AP/Daniel Hulshizer “Your Brain Can Only Perform So Many Tasks At Once”... in brief | comments Sen. Specter Questions “Propriety” Of Public Broadcasting Chief Tomlinson... in brief | comments Scientists, Philosophers Hold Atlantis Conference In Greece.. in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050713090813,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
