{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.06.2005 Arianna HuffingtonSo just what can and can’t be asked of a Supreme Court nominee? Sadly, there is no Judicial Miss Manners to lay out the do’s and don’ts of proper confirmation hearings etiquette. So Senate Republicans and White House sources have helpfully begun providing some parameters. It seems that it boils down to this: the nominee can be asked about anything… as long as it has absolutely nothing to do with jurisprudence. For those of you who are really confused about what is and isn’t a proper line of questioning -- especially you Democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee -- I have, through my White House sources, been slipped the following list of approved questions (And for any special prosecutors out there, I will never divulge the source of this leaked information… not even in an email to Lawrence O’Donnell): “Given your experience as a judge, and drawing upon your years of legal training, who do you like better on Desperate Housewives, Bree, Gabrielle or Edie?” “Aren’t puppies cute?” “Do you think these pants make me look fat?” “Do you think Tom really loves Katie, or is the whole thing some sort of publicity stunt?” “What size robe you gonna need?”read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Walter ShapiroJoining the political fad to name legislation after the first names of innocent victims, I want to propose the “Matt and Judy Law.” The Matt and Judy Law would build on existing neighborhood-alert systems. Anyone living within a mile of a reporter who has resisted legal pressures to rat out sources would be legally informed of the arch fiend in their midst.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Danielle CrittendenNEW YORK—Breaking her silence on New York’s failed bid to host the 2012 Olympics, Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) today blamed a “vast Euro conspiracy” for awarding the prize to London. “Obviously the committee was stacked with extremist judges,” Clinton said when stopped by reporters on her way to the Senate cafeteria. “What we have here is a vicious partisan attack. The [International Olympic] Committee is practicing the politics of municipal destruction.”read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Byron YorkYour words suggest that you knew the contents of internal Time emails, which could mean that someone inside Time, which was refusing to give information to a federal grand jury investigating a criminal case, was at the same time sharing that information with people outside Time, namely you. No judge or prosecutor would look kindly on that. Have you been contacted by the prosecutor or the court?read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Craig CrawfordThanks to the precedent being set in Miller\u0027s case, federal prosecutors in future cases will have the power to force reporters to reveal sources who are serving the public good. In other words, the power to threaten journalists with jail arising from this case will NOT be limited to the facts of this case. Good luck holding future prosecutors only to cases where sources allegedly committed treason. We will see this precedent cited in all sorts of attacks on the protection of sources.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Deanne StillmanEveryone is wondering what will happen to Matt Cooper now that Time Magazine has turned over his notes. Speaking from experience, I can say that he\u0027s going to run into trouble. And my notes were simply subpoenaed - NOT given up. One of the first things people ask me about Twentynine Palms is, wasn\u0027t I scared to write it? After all, I was hanging out with bikers, gangbangers, Marines with violent histories in non-war zones, lots of people who just wanted to be left alone, including all manner of felons. But the one thing that scared me the most during the nearly ten years I worked on my book was not bikers or killer Marines but Cap Cities/ABC, a major media empire, telling me to turn over my notes.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Gene StoneOnce again, the media lets it be known that gays only want to have sex. We have no other interests, we have no desire to commit, we just want to go to bed with each other.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Jim LampleyIn my limited defense, I\u0027m not alone. This morning\u0027s awarding of the 2012 Olympic Games to London instead of Paris ranks somewhere between a big surprise and a seismic shock for Olympic observers who thought the French capital was all but a mortal lock this time around.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Bill DiamondAs many of you are undoubtedly aware, I did not attend the 4th of July Pancake Breakfast held in my honor this year. Like Rep. Randy “Duke” Cunningham (R-San Diego), who also skipped a 4th of July Pancake Breakfast held in his honor, I did not want to create a media frenzy or bring any negativity to the event.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Christie HefnerObama indicated that he did not believe a sufficient number of Republican Senators would break with the White House to prevent the nuclear option being either used or a sufficiently viable threat to allow the President to put on the court whomever he wanted. He went further to say that while various parliamentary maneuvers could slow down the appointment of ultra-conservatives to the bench, ultimately the way for Democrats to influence the courts is to win elections.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Michelle PileckiSo a bunch of right-wing talk-show hosts are heading on a Truth Tour of Iraq to report on the \"success\" of the war? The most recent press casualty, Knight Ridder\u0027s Yasser Salihee, was apparently shot by a US sniper. He told KR\u0027s bureau chief that despite the danger, he wanted to be a reporter \"because I found it very important to tell the people outside about what\u0027s really going on.\" Gee, that sounds almost like what the \"Truth Tour\" intends, but Iraqi journalists tend to be less sanguine about the \"success\" of the war.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Harry ShearerIt took a while for the news to reach these shores, but Spanish voters in the Galicia region have turned out the Popular Party. The reason this item, normally trivial to American readers, might have garnered some journalistic oxygen is that we were assured by so many suddenly learned authorities on the Spanish electorate just last year that the defeat of the very same party in national elections was a sad signal that said electorate had gone Old Europe and voted out its pro-Iraq War leadership to appease the terrorists who bombed the Madrid train station days earlier.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Cenk UygurIf O\u0027Connor is replaced by an even more conservative justice, there is an excellent chance that the wall between church and state will come crumbling down. And if it does, we need to ask ourselves one important question – which Church should we meld with the state?read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Toby BarlowThanks to the Republican efforts, conversations between young white working class eighteen year-olds now run along these lines: GREG: Hey Cheese. What are you doin’? CHEESE: Yo, blood, I’m just heading down to the recruitment center. GREG: Naw way, you’re kidding. Didn’t you read that Victor Navasky piece in The Nation? According to my man Mr N, Rumsfeld’s plan for a smaller quick-hit army continues to backfire. Our troops are undermanned, under-equipped and vulnerable.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Kevin BleyerToday is July 5th, and I’m celebrating my independence from independence. Who’s with me? Ever since I declared my independence (gosh, it’s seems so long ago now -- what’s it been…200 years?), I’ve been lonely. My neighbors don’t swing by to say hello all that often, and when they do, it’s usually to borrow sugar subsidies and trade agreements. I don’t think they truly enjoy my company. I don’t know – it’s just a feeling I get.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellI have a call in to Bob Luskin, Karl Rove’s lawyer, but I’m not holding my breath for a call back. He knows I know too much, since I broke the story last week that his client is one of the secret sources Matt Cooper has been protecting for the last two years. I have three questions for Luskin: You’ve said Rove is not a target of the investigation. Is he a subject of the investigation? Since Time delivered its e-mails to the prosecutor on Friday, have you asked the prosecutor whether Rove’s status has changed from witness to subject -- or subject to target? You told Newsweek that your client “never knowingly disclosed classified information.” Did Rove ever unknowingly disclose classified information?read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Alan DershowitzOne of the dangers inherent in jailing journalists for not disclosing confidential sources, is that this draconian punishment can be invoked selectively against targeted journalists. Two excellent and independent reporters may go to jail while Robert Novak has not -- to my knowledge -- been presented with the tragic choice of disclosure or imprisonment. Why has he been exempted? Is it because he toes the administration\u0027s line? Is it because he knows whether Karl Rove was the source? An explanation for this apparent double standard is called for!read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 James MooreThe simple, unavoidable truth is that Karl Rove orchestrated the leak of Valerie Plame\u0027s identity. No one who knows this man and has watched him work has any doubt that Rove came up with the idea of the leak and then set the plan in motion. Having watched him as he leaked, lied, obfuscated, and denied for political goals over the past 25 years, my own conviction of Rove\u0027s involvement is unwavering. He has a history of seeking revenge and the Texas landscape is cluttered with political cadavers he left behind before departing for the big show.read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Judith Miller Of NY Times Going To Jail Matt Cooper Of Time To Testify...Supreme QuestionsThe Matt and Judy LawNEW YORK’S FAILED OLYMPIC BID FAULT OF “VAST EURO CONSPIRACY” SENATOR CLINTON CHARGESTo Lawrence O\u0027Donnell: How Do You Know?Media LockdownThere\u0027s A Reason It\u0027s The First AmendmentGays, God, and Headlines (Con\u0027t)Wrong AgainWhy I Didn’t Attend My 4th of July Pancake BreakfastConversation with Senator ObamaTruth or ConsequencesBurying the FollowupWhich Church Wins?Word Up, DudeHappy Fifth of JulyThree Questions for Karl Rove\u0027s LawyerWhy Is Novak Skating on Rove/Plame Affair?Karl and Karma","h3":"Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: Three Questions For Rove\u0027s Lawyer...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Is Prince Albert A Member Of The Mile High Club?Jeb Bush Touts Christian-Based Program For Schools...Meth “Epidemic”... Affecting Communities Nationwide...Coast Guard In “Dire Situation,” Plagued By Breakdowns...Eminent Domain Gone Wild: $4.18M For Shack…Bush Selects “Law \u0026 Order” Actor To Aid Supreme Court Process…Army Quietly Pays Halliburton $1B More For Same Services In New Iraq Contract...Santorum Compares Abortion To Slavery In New Book...Al-Qaida Publishes Plans To Kill Egyptian Envoy...Jobcuts Surge To 17-Month High...McDonald\u0027s Considering Hilfiger, P. Diddy To Design New Uniforms...European Nations Speed Deportations, Launch “Migrant Air”...Oil Rises To $60 A Barrel Amid Storm Fears...Astrologer Sues NASA For $300M, Comet Explosion Would “Deform Her Horoscope”...Republicans Aim To Accelerate Death Penalty…Armstrong Retains Lead In Tour De France...Lil\u0027 Kim Gets 1 Year In The Slammer For Perjury...The Winning 2012 Olympics Bid…Dr. Robot Making Hospital Rounds…Japanese Comic Trouncing Star Wars, Mr. And Mrs. Smith...70M Year Old Dinosaur Track Found In Alaska Park...Conservative Media Head To Iraq For “Truth Tour”...A Mansion For A Presidential Pardon...Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure...Activists Don Thongs To Protest Running Of The Bulls…Western Nations Spend 25 Times More On Defense Than Aid...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG62004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Is Prince Albert A Member Of The Mile High Club? in brief | comments Jeb Bush Touts Christian-Based Program For Schools... in brief | comments Meth “Epidemic”... Affecting Communities Nationwide... in brief | comments Coast Guard In “Dire Situation,” Plagued By Breakdowns... in brief | comments Eminent Domain Gone Wild: $4.18M For Shack… in brief | comments Bush Selects “Law \u0026 Order” Actor To Aid Supreme Court Process… in brief | comments Army Quietly Pays Halliburton $1B More For Same Services In New Iraq Contract... in brief | comments Santorum Compares Abortion To Slavery In New Book... in brief | comments Al-Qaida Publishes Plans To Kill Egyptian Envoy... in brief | comments Jobcuts Surge To 17-Month High... in brief | comments McDonald\u0027s Considering Hilfiger, P. Diddy To Design New Uniforms... in brief | comments European Nations Speed Deportations, Launch “Migrant Air”... in brief | comments Oil Rises To $60 A Barrel Amid Storm Fears... in brief | comments Astrologer Sues NASA For $300M, Comet Explosion Would “Deform Her Horoscope”... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Republicans Aim To Accelerate Death Penalty… in brief | comments Armstrong Retains Lead In Tour De France... in brief | comments Lil\u0027 Kim Gets 1 Year In The Slammer For Perjury... in brief | comments The Winning 2012 Olympics Bid… in brief | comments Dr. Robot Making Hospital Rounds… in brief | comments Japanese Comic Trouncing Star Wars, Mr. And Mrs. Smith... in brief | comments 70M Year Old Dinosaur Track Found In Alaska Park... in brief | comments Conservative Media Head To Iraq For “Truth Tour”... in brief | comments A Mansion For A Presidential Pardon... in brief | comments Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure... in brief | comments Activists Don Thongs To Protest Running Of The Bulls… in brief | comments Western Nations Spend 25 Times More On Defense Than Aid... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":11,"second":46},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
