{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.08.2005 Arianna HuffingtonMy summer travels have come to an end with my journey to Ravello. I arrived in Amalfi with my two teenage daughters and took the winding road up to Ravello to visit Gore Vidal. Sitting on Gore\u0027s terrace, overlooking one of the most breathtaking spots on earth -- what Gore called the heart of Magna Graecia, the part of southern Italy that was colonized by Greeks and later conquered by Romans -- it felt like we were on top of history. A history of dreams of empire, and of lessons unlearned. Gore, such a brilliant chronicler of so much of this history, reminded us how foreign to our national character the neocons\u0027 imperial dreams are. \"Americans have always favored minding our own business,\" he told us. \"From George Washington to John Quincy Adams, the American way has been to avoid imperial adventures.\" He then cited Adams\u0027 famous admonition that America \"goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy. She is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all. She is the champion and vindicator only of her own.\" So it\u0027s part of our national DNA to shun Iraqs -- and to want to get out of them...read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Andy SternEverybody’s looking for the new union movement these days. You can find it in Miami and Miami Beach. Just ask for Leydis Borrero. Leydis cleaned condos for ten years for Continental Group, the largest employer of condo workers. Her reward for a decade of loyalty and hard work was a paycheck of $7.25 an hour with no health insurance for herself or her four kids. When she joined together with her co-workers for a living wage, training opportunities, and family health care, Continental fired her.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.The Institute of Medicine as well as the Centers for Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration base their defense of Thimerosal on four flimsy studies ginned up by the pharmaceutical industry and federal regulators who green-lighted the use of Thimerosal in the first place. Those fraudulent studies deliberately targeted European populations which were exposed to a fraction of the Thimerosal given to American children. A recent survey by United Press found that autism is virtually unknown among Pennsylvania\u0027s large Amish populations -- a strong indication that vaccines are indeed a principal culprit of the epidemic.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 David KirbyLast Sunday, “Meet the Press” made history in the annals of autism, journalism, and the American people by bringing together two parties, face-to-face, for the first time to rationally discuss the evidence for and against a link between mercury in vaccines and the explosion of reported autism cases in the United States: Some people felt that Tim Russert gave Dr. Harvey Fineberg, President of the Institution of Medicine, extra speaking time out of reverence for his lofty position in science and public health, or perhaps in deference to pharmaceutical advertisers on NBC. But an equal number thought that Russert had let Dr. Fineberg give his rather long-winded and circuitous answers without interruption, in order to make it seem like he was flapping and spinning (to borrow a term from the autism world).read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Rep. John ConyersThe President has, of course, directed his staff to \"fully cooperate\" with the Fitzgerald probe. If Waas\u0027s sources are right, Libby is not cooperating. In fact, while right wing pundits continually claim that the White House has not obstructed the Fitzgerald investigation, these new disclosures indicate that a top White House staffer is essentially directing a reporter to invoke a privilege on his behalf to keep the Special Prosecutor from learning the truth.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Dal LaMagnaPresident Bush recess-appointed Peter Cyril Wyche Flory to be the Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security on August 2, 2005. Yet Bush’s nominee to the Deputy Secretary of that department remains unconfirmed and un-appointed but is “acting” in the position. And, the nominee to be undersecretary for policy – the person Flory would report to (the one who would replace Douglas Feith) – remains unconfirmed, un-appointed, and isn’t even “acting.” Why Flory? Why now?read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Ingrid NewkirkPETA has learned that the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense, which operates out of Aberdeen, requisitions small vervet monkeys, just as one might requisition tires or toilet paper. And, in a course called Medical Management of Chemical and Biological Casualties, students are taught how to \"manage casualties\" by trying to resuscitate monkeys who have succumbed to doses of a nerve agent-like substance. Learning how to resuscitate monkeys, who are emotionally but not physiologically like human beings, is like thinking that the best way to train battlefield medics is to have them work on a goat in a laboratory.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Katrina vanden HeuvelAs we contemplate the White House\u0027s latest linguistic stunts, let\u0027s remember Karl Rove\u0027s infamous quote: \"Liberals saw the savagery of the 9/11 attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding for our attackers. Conservatives saw the savagery of 9/11 and the attacks and prepared for war.\" Ah, what a difference a failed strategy makes! These same conservatives now want to downgrade The War on Terror (G-WOT?) to The Global Struggle Against Violent Extremism (G-SAVE). Excuse me, struggle? Americans struggle with their weight, not al-Qaeda.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Steve CobbleCindy Sheehan, whose son died in Iraq, has the White House boys in a tizzy. She\u0027s got the President hiding inside, afraid to come out alone and talk to the mother of a soldier. Just like he couldn\u0027t talk to the 9/11 Commission without the Vice-President. Just like he\u0027s never managed to get himself to the funerals of the 1,800 soldiers killed in Iraq. He\u0027s got time for fundraisers, but not funerals. Time for mountain biking, but not meeting with military moms. Time for 5 weeks of vacation, but no time for truth. He\u0027s a would-be Master of War, but he\u0027s hiding in his house. Cindy Sheehan is speaking truth to power outside the ranch gates of the ultimate Fortunate Son.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Joshuah BearmanSadly, excitement is all the shuttle is really good for. And at a very high price: the shuttle program, along with its even more wasteful cousin, the international space station (ISS), together take up a huge chunk of NASA\u0027s budget -- and yet both are basically worthless for actual scientific research. Aside from repairing the Hubble Telescope, the shuttle has done little of scientific value. This mission, for example, was basically a costly Pink Dot delivery, bringing more granola and toilet paper to the space station and maybe bringing some trash back to earth as a tip.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Andrew RasiejI\u0027m still pinching myself to make sure I\u0027m not dreaming. For the second time in one week, the New York Times op-ed page has shined a light on the technological challenge and opportunity facing New York City, and the rest of America. I\u0027ve been hard at work trying to get New Yorkers to see how robust communications can make us safer (such as being able to call 911 from underground in the subways, or enabling firefighters to download a building blueprint on the way to a fire), smarter, and more economically secure.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Dan PasternackOnce again, my wife Amy tried to impress upon me that the Huffington Post is meant for serious political analysis and discourse. Okay, fine. So I started pitching her ideas. I suggested a post mortem on Colin Powell\u0027s tenure as Secretary of State, asserting that any man named after a part of the digestive system was always going to be destined for shit work. Amy replied with a pitying shake of her head. I posited a clever \"what if\" scenario wherein the woman at the center of the ongoing Rove-Novak scandal could become a political pundit and retaliate under a pseudonym. I called the piece \"Nom de Plame.\" That one merited an eye roll...read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Donnie FowlerIf a democratic election were held and the votes of more than two-thirds of those who voted did not count, would that be a fair election? The non-partisan reform group FairVote -- founded by former Republican congressman and independent 1980 presidential candidate John Anderson -- has just released a study concluding that the presidential electoral college process has broken down. Fewer and fewer Americans play a meaningful role in electing their president, Fair Vote concludes, with damaging impact on voter turnout, racial fairness, and political equality.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Steven G. BrantWe\u0027re not in a \"war over values\" between the God-fearing and the God-less in America (or between the pro-family and the anti-family forces). We\u0027re in a war between diametrically opposed VISIONS of the future. One vision is of a world forever of \"winners and losers.\" It is based on social Darwinism as justified by Adam Smith\u0027s economic principles (and as embodied in John Wayne\u0027s movie roles). The other is of a world where people know that prosperity for all is possible, even if we haven\u0027t gotten there yet.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Stephen ElliottCindy Sheehan is camped out on a road near the President\u0027s ranch. She wants to talk Mr. Bush. She\u0027s upset because her child was killed in the Iraq war. The situation is incredibly tense. The administration wants to be polite to a mother who has lost her son in Iraq. But what I\u0027m waiting for is the backlash. At what point will the smear campaign launch against Cindy Sheehan the way it did against Joe Wilson. And I guess that point is right now.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Doug WilsonI was lucky to have served as a young foreign service officer in London concurrently with a group of American journalists which included Len Downie of the Washington Post, Alan Otten of the Wall Street Journal, and Peter Jennings of ABC. My tenure as Embassy London\u0027s press officer in the late \u002770\u0027s was dominated by the Iran hostage crisis. Peter Jennings\u0027 dogged coverage of the takeover of Embassy Tehran and the 444-day captivity of American diplomats (including three USIA colleagues) stood out in the broadcast media. He was determined not just to provide the facts but to provide a deeper context for understanding the facts.read whole post | permalink | commentsAPAP/Mohammed HatoAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Ron HeflinNASA TVP/Mehdi Ghasemi, ISNAAP/Gino DomenicoHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From William Famatucci/wireimage.comAP/Chris GardnerFrom wired.comAP/Gail BurtonAP/Mike ClarkeFrom newscorp.comAP/Lee Celano","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"From Ravello to Brook Park: The Lessons of Iraq Hit HomeLeydis Borrero: The New Union MovementVaccines and Autism: Looking for the Truth? Study the AmishMy Take on TimWhy Won\u0027t Scooter Libby Grant Judith Miller a Personal Waiver?Why Recess-Appoint an Assistant Secretary? Why Now?Why, Mr. Rumsfeld, Is the U.S. Army Violating DoD Policy by Exposing Primates to Nerve Agent Simulants?God-SAVE UsCasey\u0027s Mom at the BatPut a Cork in ItFirst Friedman, Then Kristof: Is There Something in the Water at the Times?Living High on the BlogWhat\u0027s Wrong With the Electoral College? Your Vote Doesn\u0027t Count.Dear Democrats: \"It\u0027s the battle of visions, stupid!\"Mother of Fallen Soldier Becomes Victim of Smear CampaignPeter Jennings","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"NARAL: Roberts Helped Violent Extremists...Sen. Specter Warns Roberts About “Judicial Activism”…Fed Raises Key Interest Rate, Highest Level In Almost 4 Years...Baghdad Attacks Kills 20, Wounds 90...Bush Continues To Stonewall, Won\u0027t Meet With Mother Who Lost Son In Iraq...Drug Researchers, Doctors Leaking Secrets To Wall Street For Big Bucks....Treasury Secy.: Bush Economic Policies Not Benefiting Americans Equally...Blockbuster’s 2Q Profits Plummet, Elimination Of Late Fees Blamed…Conservative Christian Movement Pressures Bush Admin. On North Korea Policies...“We\u0027re Happy To Be Back”...U.N. Nuke Watchdog Holds Meeting on Iran...9/11 Hijackers Identities Discovered In 2000, Not Shared With FBI...Bush Signs Energy Bill Giving Billions In Tax Breaks To Industry…City, State Police Join Forces To Guard Amtrak...Militants Flood From Iraq To Saudi Arabia After King\u0027s Death...UN Oil-For-Food Official Pleads Guilty To Fraud, Money Laundering...Charlie Gibson Probable Front Runner For Anchor Chair...ABC News Anchor Peter Jennings Dies...Oil Hits Record $64 Per Barrel...Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: The Expanding Judy File...Is Novak In Right Wing Catholic Sect Opus Dei?Judge Says $140M Golden Parachute For Ex-Disney Prez OK...New License Plates To Track Every... Place... You... Go...Poll: Palmeiro Shouldn\u0027t Be In Hall Of Fame, But McGwire, Sosa, Bonds Still Should...NFL Signs Up Stones To Make Monday Night Football “Hip”...Fox News Parent Company Loading Dems With Cash...Ladies, Flirting In The Office Will Hurt You, Not Help You Says Study...Sharon Stone: “I Just Like A Lot Of The Lesbian Sports”...Used Minivan Comes With Unexpected Option, 100 lbs Of Pot...Schwarzenegger Accepted Stolen $10,000, Unclear If It\u0027s Been Returned...Study: Elderly Die In Sleep Because Brain Forgets To Tell Body To Breathe...Madonna Pursuing Beckhams As Kabbalah Converts...Amazon\u0027s A9.com Photographing Millions Of Streets... Taking On Google, Microsoft, Yahoo Maps...Former “King Of Spam” Must Pay $7M To Microsoft...FCC Hires Conservative Advisor To Combat Indecency...Google Bans News Agency For Googling And Reporting Its CEO\u0027s “Private” Info…Researcher Develops Shark Repellent...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 10 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 10 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP102004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16NARAL: Roberts Helped Violent Extremists... AP in brief | comments Sen. Specter Warns Roberts About “Judicial Activism”… in brief | comments Fed Raises Key Interest Rate, Highest Level In Almost 4 Years... in brief | comments AP/Mohammed Hato Baghdad Attacks Kills 20, Wounds 90... in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite Bush Continues To Stonewall, Won\u0027t Meet With Mother Who Lost Son In Iraq... in brief | comments Drug Researchers, Doctors Leaking Secrets To Wall Street For Big Bucks.... in brief | comments Treasury Secy.: Bush Economic Policies Not Benefiting Americans Equally... in brief | comments AP/Ron Heflin Blockbuster’s 2Q Profits Plummet, Elimination Of Late Fees Blamed… in brief | comments Conservative Christian Movement Pressures Bush Admin. On North Korea Policies... in brief | comments NASA TV “We\u0027re Happy To Be Back”... in brief | comments P/Mehdi Ghasemi, ISNA U.N. Nuke Watchdog Holds Meeting on Iran... in brief | comments 9/11 Hijackers Identities Discovered In 2000, Not Shared With FBI... in brief | comments Bush Signs Energy Bill Giving Billions In Tax Breaks To Industry… in brief | comments City, State Police Join Forces To Guard Amtrak... in brief | comments Militants Flood From Iraq To Saudi Arabia After King\u0027s Death... in brief | comments UN Oil-For-Food Official Pleads Guilty To Fraud, Money Laundering... in brief | comments Charlie Gibson Probable Front Runner For Anchor Chair... in brief | comments AP/Gino Domenico ABC News Anchor Peter Jennings Dies... comments Oil Hits Record $64 Per Barrel... in brief | comments Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: The Expanding Judy File... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From William Famatucci/wireimage.com Is Novak In Right Wing Catholic Sect Opus Dei? in brief | comments AP/Chris Gardner Judge Says $140M Golden Parachute For Ex-Disney Prez OK... in brief | comments From wired.com New License Plates To Track Every... Place... You... Go... in brief | comments AP/Gail Burton Poll: Palmeiro Shouldn\u0027t Be In Hall Of Fame, But McGwire, Sosa, Bonds Still Should... in brief | comments AP/Mike Clarke NFL Signs Up Stones To Make Monday Night Football “Hip”... in brief | comments From newscorp.com Fox News Parent Company Loading Dems With Cash... in brief | comments Ladies, Flirting In The Office Will Hurt You, Not Help You Says Study... in brief | comments Sharon Stone: “I Just Like A Lot Of The Lesbian Sports”... in brief | comments Used Minivan Comes With Unexpected Option, 100 lbs Of Pot... in brief | comments AP/Lee Celano Schwarzenegger Accepted Stolen $10,000, Unclear If It\u0027s Been Returned... in brief | comments Study: Elderly Die In Sleep Because Brain Forgets To Tell Body To Breathe... in brief | comments Madonna Pursuing Beckhams As Kabbalah Converts... in brief | comments Amazon\u0027s A9.com Photographing Millions Of Streets... Taking On Google, Microsoft, Yahoo Maps... in brief | comments Former “King Of Spam” Must Pay $7M To Microsoft... in brief | comments FCC Hires Conservative Advisor To Combat Indecency... in brief | comments Google Bans News Agency For Googling And Reporting Its CEO\u0027s “Private” Info… in brief | comments Researcher Develops Shark Repellent... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":25,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
