{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP07.08.2005 Arianna HuffingtonAfter the horrors of this week, we could all use a little weekend palate cleanser. And who better to provide this Saturday summer sorbet than Britain’s own immortal Bard, a writer who dealt with all the darkness of the human soul but also brilliantly celebrated the light and tickled our fancy? The following bit of Shakespearean amusement was concocted by my great friend Bernard Levin, who passed away last year. It was recited to perfection by Michael York at a dinner in Aspen given by Lynda and Stewart Resnick in honor of all the speakers at the Aspen Institute\u0027s Ideas Festival.If you cannot understand my argument, and declare \"It’s Greek to me,\" you are quoting Shakespeare; if you claim to be more sinned against than sinning, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you recall your salad days, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you act more in sorrow than in anger, if your wish is father to the thought, if your lost property has vanished into thin air, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you have ever refused to budge an inch or suffered from green-eyed jealousy, if you have played fast and loose, if you have been tongue-tied, a tower of strength, hoodwinked or in a pickle, the more fool you, for it is a foregone conclusion that you are (as good luck would have it) quoting Shakespeare.read whole post | permalink | comments07.09.2005 Rob McKayIn a matter of weeks, Bush is likely to nominate Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. The appointment of this staunchly conservative jurist, who’s also a self-proclaimed evangelical Christian, could be the best news the Democrats have heard since November 1st. In fact, getting Gonzales on the bench could be for us a power move.read whole post | permalink | comments07.09.2005 Seth GreenlandThe Cleveland Plain Dealer decided not publish two articles for fear of legal retribution by the government. So here is where we are now: a major American newspaper has been spooked into silence by a government that fears an informed citizenry. Meanwhle, the Plain Dealer is so jumpy about the situation in which they find themselves, no one there has even mentioned what the articles are about. I don\u0027t want to get into a not-since-Nixon rant but this is deeply alarming. The Miller/Cooper situation is casting a very long shadow.read whole post | permalink | comments07.09.2005 Max BlumenthalBy now, it\u0027s pretty clear that the bombs that ripped dozens of Londoners to shreds and maimed hundreds more were constructed locally by people with little more technical know-how than the Weather Underground. You don\u0027t need a faux terror \"expert\" like Stephen Emerson to tell you that that might mean the attacks were also planned locally. Despite mounting evidence supporting the local angle, an anonymous \"senior counterterrorism official,\" either from the State Department or the Pentagon, is trying to spin journalists with ominous suggestions of a Zarqawi hand in the bombing plot -- and doing so without offering any evidence. I\u0027ll get to this disinformation campaign later. For now, read on.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Bertis DownsWe have had an interesting week here in London, from the amazing experience that was Live 8 last week, to Wednesday\u0027s excitement accompanying the city\u0027s winning of the 2012 Summer Olympic Games, to the devastation and sadness of yesterday\u0027s tube and bus bombings. Yet, through it all, London goes on. It remains unshakable, confident, sprawling, determined. There is a spirit and a soul here not found in other places, a remarkable spirit that makes London so special and civilized, even when things go terribly wrong like yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Trey EllisI came to this position the same way that Hemingway once wrote that a very rich man lost his entire fortune: first gradually then suddenly. Like so many of us I was against the invasion in the first place for a myriad of reasons not least of which was that nation-building is about as exact a science as aromatherapy. However once we went in I have to say that I agreed with Colin Powell’s now-infamous Pottery Barn dictum: “You break it, you buy it.” It has become clear to me now that our very presence is the only thing encouraging non-Iraqi jihadists to flood into Iraq for their terrorism training. If we were gone that destabilizing influence would go with it.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Eve EnslerDear America: I am longing to reach you -- crossing this river of indifference and consumption and denial. I am trying to find you, reaching out through the desperate limitations of words and descriptions, swimming through the rhetoric of terror and God. I need you to wake up. The house is on fire and you are still sleeping, lulled by the intoxication of smoke and mirrors. The fire is spreading, consuming the world. We are the arsonists. We will need each other to find our way out through the lies and haze. It will take our greatest imagination, courage and skill to subdue these flames.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Rep. John ConyersOnce again, I want to thank the HuffingtonPost community for all of your assistance on the Downing Street Minutes issue. As we prepare to take the next steps, I would like your assistance in helping me prepare a comprehensive chronology -- a timeline of everything we know about the fixation with war in Iraq, the manipulation of intelligence, and the deliberate misrepresentations made both to the Congress and to the public.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Harry ShearerA report in today\u0027s Age newspaper from Melbourne, Australia, that quotes an Arab spokesman on the state of the war on terror happens to mention, in paragraph three, this interesting statistic: \"It had been reported that the number of what the US Government considers significant attacks grew to about 655 last year, up from the previous record of about 175 in 2003.\" Were we supposed to already know that? Well, yes and no...read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Paul KrassnerWhenever there\u0027s a national or international story that crowds everything else out of the news, I always turn on the TV and make sure to check out Entertainment Tonight. I have to see how they open the program with a show biz angle to that story. On the day of the terrorist attacks in London, E.T. declared the news that David Schwimmer, Brooke Shields and Woody Allen were in London, and that Madonna lives there. Th-th-th-th-that\u0027s all, folks!permalink | comments07.08.2005 Deepak ChopraRecent events have exploded the myth of security. We had all been deluded for decades by the illusion that living in a military super-power somehow makes us invincible. Four years after 9/11, which cracked the illusion to pieces, people have been spending a lot of time trying to patch it back together again. It seemed to work, until yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Stephen ElliottFirst comes the knock. There are two, maybe three, uniformed officers from the Department of Homeland Security. They tell the boy they want to take his parents in for questioning. Have them back in two to three hours. The father, Gokal Kapoor, is 71, his wife, Sheila Kapoor, 69. Old people. Hindus from Afghanistan. It takes several days and several lawyers to find out where they are.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Carl PopeA friend reports from London that in the Tube, instead of telling the passengers the truth, everyone was told there had been a power surge and that this was why they were being evacuated. There is a ton of evidence that shows that, in a crisis, telling people the truth minimizes panic and maximizes cooperation. Ever since the attack on the World Trade Center, though, the U.S. government, like the London authorities this week, has consistently acted as if knowledge were of use only to terrorists, rather than trusting the American people.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Stephanie SandbergDiscussions of race lead into all kinds of unplanned wilderness, including frightening moments of self-recognition, which is why I like to talk about it. We need more people of color in publishing, and a culture that feels more welcome to people of color. The media’s future, with a landscape so white, is bleak, as a community and as a maximally effective business.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Chris MeseroleImagine that you are in your early- to mid-twenties. That you are talented, ambitious, and assertive. That you recently graduated from college, where you ran the news section of the student paper. What reason would you have to become an investigative journalist?read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Mabel McKeownWhen I woke up this morning, I felt that the mood in London had changed quite dramatically in a positive way. My friend came over to the house, and we decided, in order to rid ourselves of the anger and confusion we were feeling, we were going to get dressed up in proper clothes and re-claim our city. I decided that a pink skirt and ballet shoes were just right to parade in, and we took the tubes and the buses through London. We made sure to avoid the side streets now and proudly walked along the bus routes, being sure to salute the buses, in a distinctly un-British, smiley, uninhibited manner. We took our city back and looked at the place just as we have always seen it, as our home and a place to be hugely proud of.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 David CornWith the Miller and Cooper cases resolved, we will be left with no new tea leaves to read. Fitzgerald\u0027s investigation will proceed under the cloak of secrecy that covers (or is supposed to cover) all federal criminal probes. So while it\u0027s been an exciting time for anyone yearning for details about Fitzgerald\u0027s work or for anyone wishing ill for Rove, those days may be over, as the investigation, like a submarine that occasionally has to surface, dives back into the deep, dark water. Let\u0027s hope this vessel does spring a leak or two.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Josh SilverIt is during crises like London that we are reminded why the US public has a profoundly limited analysis and understanding of world politics and causalities of events such as these. Our fellow citizens’ view of the world is a reflection of the information we receive, and if you’re like the 58% of Americans who get their primary information from TV, you won’t know that US policy is spawning, rather than decreasing terrorism. Indeed, you won’t know about most issues that are not on the White House talking points or are not of interest to the top 50% of wage earners targeted by corporate media and their advertisers.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Bill ScherHere’s a crazy idea for how the UK and the US could respond to the July 7 terror attack: get Osama bin Laden. Conveniently, our CIA chief says he has “an excellent idea where he is.” CNN, the BBC and others reported that his full remarks suggested he thinks Osama is in Pakistan. What’s stopping us? Pakistan, our “ally,” doesn’t allow US troops to enter its country in pursuit of terrorists. Bush needs to be asked the question: why do you continue to give Pakistan veto power over our national security?read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/National Oceanic and Atmospheric AdministrationAP/Hadi MizbanAP/Dave WeaverAP/Jeff RobersonAPAP Photo/Kathy WillensHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AFP/FileAPAFPAPAP/Sakchai LalitAP/Doug Dreyer","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Only One Bomber Believed Dead, Police Warn Of Second Attack…Quoting Shakespeare: A Summer Palate CleanserThe Enemy of Our Enemy is Our Friend: Why Democrats Should Go Along with Gonzales on the Supreme CourtShhh! Or else...Where The One-Eyed Man Is KingThere Will Always Be A London, I HopeThe Only Way Out of Iraq: Set a DatePlease Don\u0027t Go Back to SleepHelp Me Get to The Bottom of the Downing Street MinutesThe Numbers GameSimple ObservationStuck at the Airport and Thinking about \"Acceptable Slaughter\"And Then There Was A KnockMaking Us SaferRaceWhere Will the Coopers Be?Reclaiming LondonTime for Rove Withdrawal?London: The Media Fail AgainWhy Does Pakistan Have A Veto Over Our National Security?","h3":"N. Korea Agrees to Rejoin Six-Nation Nuclear Talks...1.4M Evacuate As Hurricane Dennis Roars Toward Gulf Coast...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep...Leaked Doc Shows US, Britain Mull Withdrawing 100,000 Troops From Iraq...Cleveland Newspaper Withholds Investigative Articles, Worried About Jail Time For Its Reporters...Islamic Leader Warned Of “Inevitable” London Attacks 15 Months Ago...Leading Cardinal Suggesting Evolution Incompatible With Catholicism...Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq...Rove Tight-Lipped On Role In Plame Case...Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted...15-Year-Old Narrowly Misses Historic PGA Cut…U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Business Groups To Lobby Aggressively For Bush\u0027s Court Pick...Bono, Geldof Happy With G-8\u0027s Doubling Of African Aid...No Action On Global Warming After G8...Baseball, Softball Get Bumped From 2012 Olympics...Buzz Says CNN\u0027s Aaron Brown On His Way Out...Parrot Savvier Than Human Toddlers, Grasps Concept Of Zero...Williams Sisters Vie For Role Of Bisexual Hooker…Secret Chatroom Used By London Banks…Rehnquist Retirement Rumors Reach A Frenzy...McDonald’s Loses $490K AIDS Discrimination Case…Federal Appeals Court Rules Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Unconstitutional...FDA Orders Vision Loss Warnings On Impotence Drugs...Paramount Making 9/11 Movie Starring Nicholas Cage...Grand Theft Erotica...Wanted: A New Issue For Jeb Bush...Fox\u0027s Brit Hume: “When I Heard There Had Been This Attack And I Saw The Futures This Morning... I Thought, \u0027Hmmm, Time To Buy”German Company Gives Mount Rushmore Presidents A Facial...MTV Will Do-Over Live 8 Show Without Interuptions...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 10 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 10 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG102004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Italy Arrests 142, Issues 52 Expulsion Orders In Anti-Terrorism Sweep... in brief | comments AP/Hadi Mizban Leaked Doc Shows US, Britain Mull Withdrawing 100,000 Troops From Iraq... in brief | comments Cleveland Newspaper Withholds Investigative Articles, Worried About Jail Time For Its Reporters... in brief | comments Islamic Leader Warned Of “Inevitable” London Attacks 15 Months Ago... in brief | comments Leading Cardinal Suggesting Evolution Incompatible With Catholicism... in brief | comments Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq... in brief | comments Rove Tight-Lipped On Role In Plame Case... AP/Dave Weaver in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted... comments AP/Jeff Roberson 15-Year-Old Narrowly Misses Historic PGA Cut… in brief | comments U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Business Groups To Lobby Aggressively For Bush\u0027s Court Pick... in brief | comments AP Bono, Geldof Happy With G-8\u0027s Doubling Of African Aid... in brief | comments No Action On Global Warming After G8... in brief | comments AP Photo/Kathy Willens Baseball, Softball Get Bumped From 2012 Olympics... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Buzz Says CNN\u0027s Aaron Brown On His Way Out... in brief | comments Parrot Savvier Than Human Toddlers, Grasps Concept Of Zero... in brief | comments AFP/File Williams Sisters Vie For Role Of Bisexual Hooker… in brief | comments Secret Chatroom Used By London Banks… in brief | comments AP Rehnquist Retirement Rumors Reach A Frenzy... in brief | comments AFP McDonald’s Loses $490K AIDS Discrimination Case… in brief | comments Federal Appeals Court Rules Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Unconstitutional... in brief | comments FDA Orders Vision Loss Warnings On Impotence Drugs... in brief | comments AP Paramount Making 9/11 Movie Starring Nicholas Cage... in brief | comments Grand Theft Erotica... in brief | comments AP/Sakchai Lalit Wanted: A New Issue For Jeb Bush... in brief | comments Fox\u0027s Brit Hume: “When I Heard There Had Been This Attack And I Saw The Futures This Morning... I Thought, \u0027Hmmm, Time To Buy” in brief | comments AP/Doug Dreyer German Company Gives Mount Rushmore Presidents A Facial... in brief | comments MTV Will Do-Over Live 8 Show Without Interuptions... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":10,"second":54},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
