{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaVAIL -- Why is the White House still insisting that the only health issue Vice President Cheney dealt with today is an old football injury to his knee, visiting renowned orthopedist Dr. Richard Steadman? At the Vail Valley Institute dinner tonight, I kept asking what those in the know here knew. Little by little, here is the story I pieced together: After the Secret Service secured the Vail Valley Medical Center, including the parking lot, the Vice President arrived under his own power and checked in at the orthopedic center under the name “Dr. Hoffman”. He was immediately whisked to the adjacent cardiac unit, suffering from what was described to me as “an angina attack”. The security was so high that a Secret Service agent wouldn’t let an ER nurse out of the bathroom that she had gone into just before the Veep arrived. “Get back in there,” the agent told her. Confounded, she called her husband on her cell phone, telling him “something big” was going on. And indeed it was… but you wouldn’t know it from the White House. It appears that not only doesn’t the public deserve to know what is really going on in Iraq (“last throes”?) we don’t deserve to know what is going on with our Vice President’s health.READ MORE06.25.2005 Paul FeigWith Italy calling for the arrest of 13 of our CIA agents, it has become clear that we must demonstrate our displeasure with their actions by extending our formerly popular and successful “Freedom Fries” campaign. Hence, Italian sausage shall now be referred to as “Independence Sausage.” In the event of international disagreement: Danish Pastry shall become Democracy Pastry; Russian Dressing shall become Reagan Dressing; Turkish Taffy shall become Triumph Taffy.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Marc CooperLooks like Cheney might have had another cardiac scare, or at least another bout with angina, and had to be checked into a Colorado hospital for a couple of hours Friday. The White House, of course, is denying it all. And why not? Any administration that can claim with a straight face that the Iraqi insurgency -- which has killed 1200 people in the last handful of weeks -- is on its last legs is also capable of claiming that Cheney is not only infallible but also immortal. Viva Cheney!read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Bree WalkerProbably no one is really surprised at how The Supreme Court pushed its\u0027 \"eminent domain\" authority to the limit. Being from farm country (Austin, Minnesota, where Hormel meat processing is the ONLY industry), I watched in horror as my small town of about thirty thousand people (smaller now, ever since Hormel Meats won that long, ugly battle against the employee labor union back in the 80\u0027s and most of my friends lost their jobs) yielded to corporate takeover. This time, there is no National Guard necessary to ensure big business tramples the little guy: the SCABS are finally running the entire country.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Josh SilverPublic broadcasting has been under siege. A radical-Right chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB) trying to FOXify PBS, a slash and burn witchhunt by GOP House appropriators to gut CPB’s budget, and the announcement this week of a former Republican party chairperson with no pubcasting experience as the new top executive at CPB. Here’s what’s really happening.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Sen. Evan BayhSometimes when I come back to Washington from Indiana, I feel like an ambassador to a foreign country. The reality of the Bush administration and the reality of people around the country seem to be two very different propositions. Take the debate over energy in Washington. It doesn’t take a degree in economics to know that something is wrong when it takes $30 or $40 to fill up the gas tank. And we don’t need some Washington think tank to tell us that it’s a problem when so much of our economic and national security depends on whether Saudi Arabia and Russia are in the mood to be nice to us on any given day.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 Stephen BurtSome people don\u0027t think it\u0027s basketball if no one dunks, and some commentators need a smackdown. Everyone else who enjoys NBA ball, however, ought to try this year\u0027s WNBA. Assists. Teamwork. Defense. Determination. The WNBA certainly has superstars: Chamique Holdsclaw (\"the Claw\"), a dramatic one-on-one player who can score from anywhere inside the three-point line; Katie Smith, the game\u0027s best pure shooter and one of its grittiest defenders, who can score from virtually anywhere outside the three-point line; Lauren Jackson, the Australian power forward who collects double-doubles the way kids collect action figures.read whole post | permalink | comments06.25.2005 David KirbyMany people dismiss this theory as pure bunk – as alarmist, fabricated and foolhardy as, say, insisting that Saddam had WMD’s. These naysayers desperately want the issue to just go away, and they want people like me to shut up. But this conflict, folks, is just getting started.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Paul FeigJust flipped past the NBC Evening News and Brian Williams was broadcasting from the site of the Billy Graham revival in New York. Now, while I know there is no separation of church and news and Billy Graham is a famous figure, does anybody else find it just a tad odd that a network news show would be using a religious revival as a backdrop?read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Byron YorkThe Washington Post reported that MoveOn political chief Eli Pariser \"disputed Rove\u0027s characterization of the petition calling for moderation and restraint, saying that the petition was a personal project before he was affiliated with MoveOn and that it was not on the group\u0027s Web site at the time of the Afghanistan war.\" But what I discovered in the course of researching my book, The Vast Left Wing Conspiracy, suggested that MoveOn was in fact opposed to the war in Afghanistan, and that MoveOn founders Joan Blades and Wes Boyd hired Pariser in significant part because of his activism against that war.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Trey EllisKarl Rove won’t apologize and those that love the administration now will only love it more after this dust up settles. \"I think Karl was very specific, very accurate, in who he was pointing out,\" communications director Dan Bartlett said. \"It\u0027s touched a chord with these Democrats. I\u0027m not sure why.\" See how Dan Barlett masterfully spins from defense to offense by saying, “I’m not sure why”? He leaves hanging in the air the implicit answer, “Because Democrats are girly-men metrosexuals, quick to cry and woefully unprepared to protect this nation against those that mean us harm.”read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Hooman MajdPerhaps Democrats should get behind introducing a bill in Congress re-instating the draft. But this time no college-deferments, no special Air National Guard escape routes, and no lottery: just straight to the army from seventeen to twenty-five. Pull the kids out of Choate, St. Paul’s, and Andover. Out of Dartmouth and Yale. Out of Wharton and Sloan. And out of their first years at Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch. Gee, I wonder what Jenna Bush looks like in fatigues?read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Arianna HuffingtonOkay, Russert Watch fans, this is the one we\u0027ve been waiting for. The Big Kahuna. The Super Bowl of Meet the Press shows. The chance to see what our favorite newsman is really made of. That\u0027s right, Tim\u0027s guest this week is Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, fresh off his rocky appearance in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Nathan GardelsA race is on between environmental destruction on a global scale and sustainable solutions. The consumer classes will have to downsize their appetites while the aspiring must de-industrialize their desires. But, can the rich West succeed in portion control any more than the perpetually backsliding dieter? Outside the monastery, is there any case in history in which \"homo economicus\" has voluntarily sacrificed expectations of more?read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Cenk UygurI remember a president who once said, “The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden. It is our number one priority and we will not rest until we find him.\" President Bush has a curious way of not resting. I’ve lost track of how many vacations Bush has taken since he made that statement on September 13, 2001.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Toby BarlowI don\u0027t know what it\u0027s like to be Oprah, a multi-millionaire denied access to luxury shopping in Paris. But from my limited experience locked out of CVS, I\u0027ve had a glimpse of what it must have been like. I feel her pain. And also tell her, hey, I just want to know, what can we do to make this right?read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Carl PopeThe Senate has decided to allow the federal government to start exploring coastal areas for oil and gas drilling, even if a state has made it clear that such drilling is economically and environmentally unacceptable. Coastal areas are, if this logic prevails, simply staging areas for even more imported oil and natural gas from the Middle East. And yet Congress still refuses to do anything to encourage better fuel economy in trucks, cars, and SUVs, even as the auto industry is reeling from its dependence on big, inefficient vehicles.read whole post | permalink | comments06.24.2005 Erica JongI was once the wife of a psychiatrist drafted into the US Army during the Viet Nam War. I know that there’s always the right way and the Army way. The Viet Nam war caused army doctors to learn special skills—like counseling victims of Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome or counseling the children of personnel who were traumatized or helping adolescents to deal with the distress of moving every two years when their parents were transferred. . . But never in my three years as a medical officer’s wife did I hear of trained specialists assisting torturers.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"Cheney Checks Into Vail Hospital...",".title":"","h2":"Cheney’s Health: What is the White House Hiding?Diners of the World, Unite!Viva Cheney!Another Fascist Move Into The BurbsPBS Controversy: The Bottom LineBush\u0027s Energy Plan: Short on Progress, Long on Political DistractionAttention Basketball Fans (part one)Mercury, Autism and the Coming StormThings That Make You Go \"Yikes\" ...Wasn\u0027t Rove Right About MoveOn?True Power Is Never Having to Say You’re SorryRevenge of the \u0027Girlie-Men\u0027The Russert Watch: The One We\u0027ve All Been Waiting ForCollapse or Massive Change?Where in the World is Osama bin Laden?Oprah\u0027s Paris Put-OffA Planet Far, Far AwayDoctors as Torturers","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Lobbyist Robbed Tribes To Fund Elite Prep School...Iran\u0027s Reformers Uneasy With Ahmadinejad Presidential Victory...Japan Unveils World\u0027s Fastest TrainDemocratic Party Needs More Hispanics...Italy Arrests 13 CIA Agents...Female Soldiers Targeted In Iraq...Promise Of Martyrdom Lures Foreign Jihadists...US Acknowledges Torture At Gitmo For First Time ...Prisoners To Design Own Jail...Gitmo Military Doctors Help Refine Coercive Interrogation Techniques ...High School Class Features 44 Valedictorians...White House Asks Christian Legal Society For Recommendations On Supreme Court ...\u0027You Don\u0027t Know The History Of Psychiatry. I Do\u0027...White House Says Rove\u0027s Comments \u0027Very Accurate\u0027...\u0027Men Are Far More Complex Than Advertisers Give Them Credit For...\u0027Soon Your Car Will Be \u0027Made In China\u0027...Corgan Says Smashing Pumpkins Will Regroup...Sappho Waits 2,600 Years For Publication...House Blocks Federal Coverage Of Viagra ...Justice Department Nudes Revealed After Aschroft Cover-Up...Autism Parents Now Potent National Force Against Vaccines Containing Thimerosal...HuffPo\u0027s David Kirby On Mercury, Autism and the Coming Storm...\u0027Operation Urban Harvest\u0027, Feds Raid Calif. Medical Pot-Clubs ...Air Traffic Controllers Caught Covering Up Mistakes...Has The Moon Grown?Miss World Claims \u0027I\u0027m Not The Creation Of A Surgeon\u0027...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 26 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 26 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL262004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Lobbyist Robbed Tribes To Fund Elite Prep School... in brief | comments Iran\u0027s Reformers Uneasy With Ahmadinejad Presidential Victory... in brief | comments Japan Unveils World\u0027s Fastest Train in brief | comments Democratic Party Needs More Hispanics... in brief | comments Italy Arrests 13 CIA Agents... in brief | comments Female Soldiers Targeted In Iraq... in brief | comments Promise Of Martyrdom Lures Foreign Jihadists... in brief | comments US Acknowledges Torture At Gitmo For First Time ... in brief | comments Prisoners To Design Own Jail... in brief | comments Gitmo Military Doctors Help Refine Coercive Interrogation Techniques ... in brief | comments High School Class Features 44 Valedictorians... in brief | comments White House Asks Christian Legal Society For Recommendations On Supreme Court ... in brief | comments \u0027You Don\u0027t Know The History Of Psychiatry. I Do\u0027... in brief | comments White House Says Rove\u0027s Comments \u0027Very Accurate\u0027... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette \u0027Men Are Far More Complex Than Advertisers Give Them Credit For...\u0027 in brief | comments Soon Your Car Will Be \u0027Made In China\u0027... in brief | comments Corgan Says Smashing Pumpkins Will Regroup... in brief | comments Sappho Waits 2,600 Years For Publication... in brief | comments House Blocks Federal Coverage Of Viagra ... in brief | comments Justice Department Nudes Revealed After Aschroft Cover-Up... in brief | comments Autism Parents Now Potent National Force Against Vaccines Containing Thimerosal... in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s David Kirby On Mercury, Autism and the Coming Storm... in brief | comments \u0027Operation Urban Harvest\u0027, Feds Raid Calif. Medical Pot-Clubs ... in brief | comments Air Traffic Controllers Caught Covering Up Mistakes... in brief | comments Has The Moon Grown? in brief | comments Miss World Claims \u0027I\u0027m Not The Creation Of A Surgeon\u0027... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050626020214,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
