{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From mediabistro.com08.04.2005 Arianna HuffingtonHere is how New York Times VP of corporate communications Catherine Mathis described Judy Miller this week: “Judy is an intrepid, principled, and Pulitzer-Prize winning journalist who has provided our readers with thorough and comprehensive reporting throughout her career.” Gee, Catherine, it looks like the Times and the board of The American Society of Journalists and Authors (ASJA) have very different definitions of “thorough and comprehensive” (let alone “intrepid” and “journalist”). The Society decided Tuesday to reverse an earlier decision to give its Conscience in Media award to Miller due to what ASJA president Jack El-Hai called “a feeling that Miller’s career, taken as whole, did not make her the best candidate for the award”. That’s like having a feeling that Rafael Palmeiro is not the best candidate for an Integrity in Sports award.A “thorough and comprehensive” look at Miller’s career reveals repeated examples of egregiously lousy reporting, a startling lack of objectivity, too-close-for-comfort relationships with dubious sources… and a penchant for far from thorough and comprehensive coverage. Leaving aside her well-documented buying of Ahmed Chalabi’s fabrications and fantasies, any rundown of Miller’s failings as a journalist has to include her “heard it from someone who heard it from someone” reporting on the WMD “silver bullet” scientist who turned out to be a dud -- and a sham...read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 David CornSupreme Court nominee John Roberts donated his legal services, when he was a corporate attorney, to gay rights activists challenging a voter-approved Colorado initiative that permitted employers and landlords to discriminate against gays and lesbians. So what are all the Supreme Court brawlers going to say about this? One small social conservative outfit -- Public Advocate -- has already called on Roberts to \"correct the record or withdraw\" as the nominee. But I wonder if the more significant social conservative organizations will swallow hard and stick with Bush\u0027s man. If they do, that ought to be fun to watch.read whole post | permalink | comments08.05.2005 Rep. Diane WatsonThe United Nations is made up of 191 nations, many of which are not democratic and whose interests run counter to our own. This is the nature of the beast. But in order to promote U.S. interests at the United Nations, the U.S. should have someone in the position who is willing to engage in the long process of diplomatic give and take -- not someone who has expressed his contempt for the United Nations, let alone diplomacy. When it comes right down to it, Bolton\u0027s peers at the United Nations will not be as pliant to his bullying tactics as his charges at the State Department. Maybe Mr. Bolton will soon learn an elementary schoolyard lesson: nobody likes a bully.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Emily LevineHard on the heels of the deaths of four farmworkers by heat-stroke -- hardly surprising, given that they work 10 hours a day in 120 degree heat -- an emergency order from Governor Schwarzenegger mandates that any farm worker showing signs of impending heat stroke be given five minutes to rest in the shade. Five minutes! Whoa, do they really need that much? That’s more time than it takes to order “Cesar Chavez: A Struggle for Justice” from Amazon.com.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Dal LaMagnaCould it be that talk of withdrawal from Iraq is simply a ploy with smoke and mirrors and untruths -- designed to offer hope to some while the killing still continues? President Bush said yesterday that our “timetable depends on our ability to train the Iraqis, to get the Iraqis ready to fight and then our troops will come home with the honor they have earned.\" Take that quote along with this statement by General Jack Keane, former vice chief of staff of the Army: “Insurgencies are difficult to counter, requiring ten to twelve years to defeat,” and we’re left feeling that all this withdrawal talk is simply hype... or as Norman Solomon writes, “The White House has launched a new phase of its propaganda siege for the Iraq war.”read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaInstead of \"The War on Terror\" various administration honchos (including Rumsfeld!) were starting to call it something like \"The Global Struggle Against Extremist Islamic Ideology.\" But Dubya knew better. He squashed that bug fast. He used \"The War on Terror\" slogan very pointedly in practically every other sentence of a short speech he gave before heading off to Crawford. Why? It\u0027s simple. Try to picture the title banner that whooshes into place every time Fox reports on Iraq reading \"The Struggle against Extremist Islamic Ideology\" instead of \"War on Terror.\" Just try to picture that.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Steve CobbleMs. Heinz, let me be blunt. It\u0027s time for justice. One year ago tomorrow, August 5th, the sleazy Swift Boat crowd ran their first attack ad on your husband. It was one of the lowest moments in American politics. And the elite media, the gatekeepers, just sat and watched, as if it were all just entertainment, a big show, a staged wrestling match between the Rock and Jesse Ventura. Which means if you want justice, you\u0027re going to have to do it yourself.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Gene StoneThere’s been a number of gay news items hitting the wires that haven’t been getting a great deal of coverage. Some are bad, some are worse. And actually, surprisingly, some are pretty good. The most surprising--and the one that the media may well pick up on--comes from the Los Angeles Times, which reports that Bush Supreme Court Nominee John Roberts once worked behind the scenes helping gay rights advocates prepare their arguments against the 1992 Colorado initiative allowing employers and landlords to exclude gays from jobs and housing. Robert’s side won, a big victory for gays (only Rehnquist, Scalia, and Thomas voted to uphold gay bias).read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Ingrid NewkirkOn March 7, 2004, I was on board a flight to Norfolk, Virginia which attempted to land when all other aircraft had fled the area due to a hurricane watch and severe crosswinds during a black thunderstorm we could see below us. We ran into wind sheer during each of two failed landing attempts -- one at an air force base nearby -- and were, in the pilot\u0027s words, \"blown out to sea.\" Cockpit recordings I obtained later show that the pilot entered the wind sheer warning area despite lightning strikes \"everywhere,\" had no required backup plan and by the time of our third attempted landing, hadn\u0027t enough fuel to go further. No one, including the crew, thought we would live, but we were \"lucky.\" Luck shouldn\u0027t play a role. However, Federal Aviation Administration complaints fell on deaf ears and Northwest Airlines simply assured us all that its pilots were well trained and that safety was their number one concern.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Dan CarolIn theory, in the wake of McCain-Feingold campaign law and the emerging era of MoveOn, Dean and small dollar Internet donations which brought John Kerry to parity with the Republicans, the Democratic Party and its affiliates no longer have to rely on soft money donations. So we\u0027re coming up to a big choice on media policy and who drives it. And our need for campaign checks from telecommunications companies is no longer as big an excuse for not doing the right thing. We can either follow the opportunities of community wi-fi and community Internet -- most recently touted yesterday by Thomas Friedman -- or we can lobby for Comcast and Adelphia on the wrong side of this issue.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Russell ShawIf the bombs were not dropped -- with all requisite horror duly demonstrated -- nukes would have been developed anyway. But the key difference is the world would not have had this atrocity and survivors thereof, to tell the tales of how nuclear weapons should never be used again. Absent this living legacy, whose to say that caution would not have prevailed during the Cuban Missile Crisis, or several other conflagrations? Were the deaths of 250,000 mostly innocent civilians an act of unintended but communal martyrdom? Have their deaths -- and the tortured testimony of many witnesses who survive to this day -- actually been the most persuasive argument against nuclear arms?read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Eric BoehlertIn the August issue of VF, James Wolcott wrote, \"Mr. Media would be much happier if Iraq would go away.\" And how. The press, and particularly television, long ago grew bored of the unpleasant insurgency story. But yesterday\u0027s roadside bombing—the deadliest of the entire war, claiming the lives of 14 Marines—forced the story back to the forefront, although just barely. At one point yesterday at the top of the hour on MSNBC, news of slain Marines was slotted in as the day\u0027s third most important story. The prize for indifference though, goes to the Wall Street Journal. Because here\u0027s how many stories the national newspaper published today detailing Wednesday\u0027s attack on Marines: 0.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Rebecca PidgeonI was just in London making a movie for an Indian/British co production company. I saw old friends. We were grown up, but still we talked about classmates. Who had done well, who was a prostitute, who was in jail, who was dead. After several glasses of champagne, one chap brought up 9/11. He said how it had come to symbolize something in Britain, something that he couldn’t quite explain very well, but reading between the lines it sounded to me as if he meant, in headline form, “arrogant America gets come uppance.” In a haze of jet lag and alcohol, I suggested he had no idea what he was talking about and that perhaps maybe he shouldn’t be such an ass. Things are a bit of a blur from that point on.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Danielle CrittendenWACO, TX (AP)—Prisoners of Camp Crawford complain of small cells, poor meals, constant surveillance, and disrespectful—even disdainful—treatment from Presidential staff. “Thirty-three days in this hell-hole feels like thirty-three years,” said a bitter long-time White House correspondent. \"We’re all billeted into these crappy Waco motels—you know, the kind they hose down with antiseptic every day and you’ve got one lousy blanket which is made of recycled Coke bottles or something.\" A Fox News camera man agreed. “Basically you sit around in baking heat, bored out of your mind. How many times can you visit the ‘Texas Sports Hall of Fame’ or beat Nora O’Donnell at Scrabble? Nothing happens, except maybe when one of the staff summons you to watch the President pulling brush. After a few minutes, they pile you back into the buses, and that’s it. It’s torture.”read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Richard DawkinsCongratulations to Sam Harris on a characteristically brilliant broadside. His book, The End of Faith is one of those books that deserves to replace the Gideon Bible in every hotel room in the land. Articles like Harris\u0027s are valuable, not because they will change the minds of religious idiots like Bush or those who voted for him, but because they will have a \u0027consciousness-raising\u0027 effect upon the intelligent. There are millions of intelligent atheists out there who are too frightened to come out and admit it, because American society has allowed itself to drift into a state where religious mania has become the respectable norm.read whole post | permalink | comments08.04.2005 Harry ShearerI’ve resisted writing about Lachlan Murdoch’s decision to leave the executive suite of the News Corporation until now because, like Lachlan’s dad, I’ve been “particularly saddened” by the development. Actually, Daniel Gross in Slate found that quote from Rupert’s weekend press release on the departure peculiar, alleging that Murdoch pere was not a man known for his emotions. On the contrary, I’d suggest he’s possessed of quite a few; the problem for outsiders may be that most of them are expressed in the keen, and requited, urge to nail someone’s penis to the floor.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Mark J. TerrillAP/Guillermo AriasAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Al-Jazeera via APTNAP/NASA TVHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Jacob SilberbergAP/Jaime PueblaFrom nypost.comAP/John SmockAP/Brian Branch PriceFrom news.independent.co.ukFrom yahoo.com","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Novak Walks Off Set And Avoids Rove Questions...CNN Suspends Him...See “Inexcusable And Unacceptable” Behavior…The Judy File: It Depends on What Your Definition of “Thorough and Comprehensive” IsHow To Spin This: John Roberts, Gay Rights Champion?John Bolton: Nobody Likes a BullyIronicPolitics as Usual?They can\u0027t give up \"The War on Terror\"An Open Letter to Teresa HeinzFlying Below the Gaydar (2)The Air France Crash Should Raise the Question: \"Who\u0027s Looking out for us up There?\"D/democratic Media Policy -- A Key CrossroadsThe Unspoken Lesson of Hiroshima and NagasakiHear No Evil...A Return to LondonConditions at Camp Crawford “shocking and inhumane” inmates complainComing Out Against Religious ManiaMurdoch Family Values","h3":"Sen. Arlen Specter Attacks Novak...77% Of Americans Think Admin. Is Hiding Something Or Lying In Plame Investigation...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”...Robert\u0027s Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right…Chief Justice Rehnquist Taken To The Hospital...Al Qaeda Vows More Attacks In New Tape…NASA Says No Need For Another Spacewalk...Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth...Earth\u0027s Air Discovered On Moon…Martha Gets Three Extra Weeks...Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire...China To Freeze Out Foreign Media...GOP Rep. On Fiscal Restraint: “Republicans Don\u0027t Even Pretend Anymore”...New Anti-Terrorism Guidelines: “Aim For The Head”...Admin. Flip-Flops On “War On Terror” Terminology...“Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.”3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War....OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews...27 Americans Killed In Iraq In Five Days…Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits...Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye...Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe...“I Want My Boobs Back”...McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir...Passengers Sue NYC Over Subway Searches...Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway PrisonEU Declares Cleavage Hazardous…Gay TV Network Now Tackles Music...London Bombers Used Commonly Available Products For Explosives...Tube Terror Video Game Sickens Londoners...Ice Shelf Collapse Biggest In 10,000 Years...Howard Stern Uncensored Comes To On-Demand TV...Yahoo Uses Music To Take On Google\u0027s Search Dominance...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 5 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 5 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP52004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/Mark J. Terrill Radical Right\u0027s James Dobson Compares Stem Cell Research With How “Nazis Experimented On Human Beings”... in brief | comments AP/Guillermo Arias Robert\u0027s Gay Rights Legal Work Sends White House Into P.R. Frenzy With Christian Right… in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite Chief Justice Rehnquist Taken To The Hospital... in brief | comments AP/Al-Jazeera via APTN Al Qaeda Vows More Attacks In New Tape… in brief | comments NASA Says No Need For Another Spacewalk... AP/NASA TV in brief | comments Discovery Astronauts See Widespread Environmental Destruction On Earth... in brief | comments Earth\u0027s Air Discovered On Moon… in brief | comments Martha Gets Three Extra Weeks... in brief | comments Roberts Did Not Report Lobbyist Work On Official Questionnaire... in brief | comments China To Freeze Out Foreign Media... in brief | comments GOP Rep. On Fiscal Restraint: “Republicans Don\u0027t Even Pretend Anymore”... in brief | comments New Anti-Terrorism Guidelines: “Aim For The Head”... in brief | comments Admin. Flip-Flops On “War On Terror” Terminology... in brief | comments “Chapelle’s Show Is Over, Man. Done.” in brief | comments 3/5 Americans Say US Too Quick To Go To War.... comments OK Mag Pays Jacko $2M, Jessica Simpson $200,000 For Interviews... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Jacob Silberberg 27 Americans Killed In Iraq In Five Days… in brief | comments AP/Jaime Puebla Viacom\u0027s 82 Year Old Redstone To Call It Quits... in brief | comments From nypost.com Broke NY Post To Give Murdoch\u0027s Son $18M Goodbye... in brief | comments Two Sisters Charged In London Bomb Probe... in brief | comments AP/John Smock “I Want My Boobs Back”... in brief | comments AP/Brian Branch Price McGreevey Telling All As “Gay American” In Memoir... in brief | comments Passengers Sue NYC Over Subway Searches... in brief | comments Yoga Leads to Insomnia, Aggression at Norway Prison in brief | comments EU Declares Cleavage Hazardous… in brief | comments Gay TV Network Now Tackles Music... in brief | comments London Bombers Used Commonly Available Products For Explosives... in brief | comments Tube Terror Video Game Sickens Londoners... in brief | comments From news.independent.co.uk Ice Shelf Collapse Biggest In 10,000 Years... in brief | comments Howard Stern Uncensored Comes To On-Demand TV... in brief | comments From yahoo.com Yahoo Uses Music To Take On Google\u0027s Search Dominance... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":42,"second":27},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
