{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From kingofsat.net08.14.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe week\u0027s hottest story on the HuffPost was Cindy Sheehan\u0027s ongoing Crawford standoff with the president. Don\u0027t miss Cindy\u0027s impassioned explanation of why \"This is George Bush\u0027s Accountability Moment,\" or the Sheehan takes of Christine Lahti, Norman Lear, Gary Hart, Walter Shapiro, Andy Stern, Rep. George Miller, and many more. And be sure and check out Margaret Carlson, Lt. Gen. Claudia Kennedy, Nicholas Von Hoffman, Stephen Elliot, and me on the surreal firing of a four-star general, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on vaccines and autism, Patt Morrison on I.D., Bill Diamond\u0027s hilarious letter to the Kansas School Board, Harry Shearer\u0027s cable news reviews you can use, Doug Wilson and Jane Wells reflecting on the deaths of Peter Jennings and Robin Cook, and a run of very funny stuff from Bob Cesca (here, here, here, and here).permalink | comments08.11.2005 Cindy SheehanThis is George Bush\u0027s accountability moment. That\u0027s why I\u0027m here. The mainstream media aren\u0027t holding him accountable. Neither is Congress. So I\u0027m not leaving Crawford until he\u0027s held accountable. It\u0027s ironic, given the attacks leveled at me recently, how some in the media are so quick to scrutinize -- and distort -- the words and actions of a grieving mother but not the words and actions of the president of the United States. But now it\u0027s time for him to level with me and with the American people. It\u0027s too late to bring back the people who are already dead, but there are tens of thousands of people still in harm\u0027s way.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Christine LahtiCindy Sheehan is my hero. She is the hero of all Americans who make up the 62% of us who oppose this war. As an American exercising her right to free speech, she is a brave, passionate, living example of democracy, and she has the undeniable force and the moral authority of a grieving mother. Being a mother of three, I can\u0027t even imagine the depths of the grief she must feel having lost her son in this horrific war. But I can imagine that her grief and rage -- her demand for justice and action -- is a force that is unstoppable. No wonder Bush is intimidated. No wonder he can\u0027t even walk down his driveway. He is scared shitless. Whether he acknowledges it or not -- whether his aides try to insulate him from the truth or not -- his hands are covered in the blood of Cindy Sheehan\u0027s son.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Norman LearI see now that “The Sheehan Family” has issued a statement distancing them from Mrs. Sheehan, because they “…support the troops, our country, and our President…” Is there anything Mrs. Sheehan is doing that would suggest to any reasonable person that this Gold Star mother doesn’t support our troops, our country, and the office of the President? No American -- let alone a Gold Star mother -- is required to agree with every decision her president makes in order to secure her good name as a citizen and as a supporter of our troops and our country.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Gary HartThe caskets keep coming home... with no public official to greet them or to respect them. They are the forgotten dead and they represent thousands more of the even more forgotten wounded. But wait. There is someone to hold the emperor to account. There is someone willing to look ridiculous, to be mocked and made a fool of. She is not a Senator. She is not a party leader. She is not in the regular establishment Rolodex of the Sunday talk producers. Yet, she holds the highest office available in a republic, that of citizen. When the last Marine leaves Iraq, dead or alive, she can claim more credit than them all. Because of the courage of one brave woman, she quite possible will have had more to do with finally bringing this great nation back to its senses... and to its principles. Remember her name. It is Cindy Sheehan.permalink | comments08.12.2005 Walter ShapiroThe moment that Hadley -- the top geopolitical advisor to the Most Powerful Man on This Planet -- spent 45 minutes with Sheehan, it became impossible to credibly dismiss her as a publicity-seeking nutcase rendered irrational by grief. The president\u0027s national security advisor is far too important to waste nearly an hour on missions of mercy to looney-tunes protesters. Do you think the foreign minister of Latvia would get 45 minutes with Hadley, even if he flew unannounced to Crawford?read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe time has passed when we can stand around waiting for a knight on a white horse to ride to our rescue. We’ve got to look to ourselves -- to the leader in the mirror. Our elected officials have woefully failed to provide the leadership needed on this most vital issue of our time. And stepping into that void is Cindy Sheehan. Inspiring us. Touching our conscience. Calling forth our courage and our commitment. Focusing our outrage. And acting as a catalyst for the tens of millions of Americans who know that the war in Iraq is a disgrace.permalink | comments08.09.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.The Institute of Medicine as well as the Centers for Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration base their defense of Thimerosal on four flimsy studies ginned up by the pharmaceutical industry and federal regulators who green-lighted the use of Thimerosal in the first place. Those fraudulent studies deliberately targeted European populations which were exposed to a fraction of the Thimerosal given to American children. A recent survey by United Press found that autism is virtually unknown among Pennsylvania\u0027s large Amish populations -- a strong indication that vaccines are indeed a principal culprit of the epidemic.permalink | comments08.13.2005 Margaret CarlsonI guess we could have guessed, but there it was on page A7 of the New York Times: sex had raised its ugly head and the distinguished, brilliant career of Byrnes was gone, poof, just like that. But here\u0027s what grabbed my attention. Way down in the piece, we learn that the officer appointed to determined if Byrnes should be court-martialed for a consensual affair is Gen. Dan K. McNeill. The Army has it wrong. If anyone should be court-martialed, it should be Gen. McNeill. Two prisoners were murdered on his watch and he covered it up.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 James PinkertonEvery American should spend time reading through at least some of the just-released transcripts of the oral histories from firefighters and other emergency workers who were present at Ground Zero on 9-11. To read those words is not only a fitting act of devotion, but also, as we near the fourth anniversary of 9-11, a bittersweet opportunity to remember what America was like when we were united -- united in grief, united in resolve, united in gratitude to those brave souls who went running up the stairs when others were running down.read whole post | permalink | comments08.09.2005 Andy SternEverybody’s looking for the new union movement these days. You can find it in Miami and Miami Beach. Just ask for Leydis Borrero. Leydis cleaned condos for ten years for Continental Group, the largest employer of condo workers. Her reward for a decade of loyalty and hard work was a paycheck of $7.25 an hour with no health insurance for herself or her four kids. When she joined together with her co-workers for a living wage, training opportunities, and family health care, Continental fired her.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Bill DiamondBill Diamond’s Criticisms of Evolution 1. What the hell happened to our tails, prehensile or otherwise? Seems to me a tail would be very helpful for balance, particularly among the elderly and people with new breast implants who might still be seeking their center of gravity. 2. Personally, I find the fact that Tay-Sachs disease afflicts mostly Jewish people to be kind of anti-Semitic. And just so I’m being clear here, it’s not that I wish the disease on other faiths. I’m just saying the fact that it wasn’t spread around more evenly among other faiths is, well, “suspicious” to say the least.permalink | comments08.12.2005 Lt. Gen. Claudia KennedyGenerally speaking, one of the most private groups of people in public service are general officers in the US Army. This is not a preference that comes with the stars, rather it is developed over decades of service to America in the Army. As officers become more senior, their privacy becomes more treasured and more fragile. So with this in mind, I would guess that this must be a very painful time for General Kevin Byrnes. I do not know anything about the circumstances of the recent announcement about his \"personal conduct.\" A banner on one of the cable TV news stations is my only \"source\" that something is amiss. But I do know Kevin Byrnes as a fellow officer.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Laurie DavidI\u0027ve always felt that it\u0027s going to take a higher power to move this country forward on dealing with the global warming crisis. And then, presto, a “higher” power appeared in the person of Commander Eileen Collins, an astronaut on the shuttle Discovery who, from her perch 220 miles above the earth, could see with her own eyes the environmental destruction that our government has been so blithely ignoring. Gale Norton, Secretary of the Interior, has gone so far as to prohibit federal employees of Glacier National Park from mentioning global warming as a possible cause when tourists ask about the ever-shrinking snowcaps. Fortunately, there was one federal employee beyond Norton\u0027s reach...permalink | comments08.11.2005 Carolyn StraussThe more light that gets focused on this woman the better. There is something so simple in her query and the force of her sacrifice makes it searing and indelible - a question that cannot now be lost in a tumult of false platitudes and tangles of words patriotic and security-minded. Her request seems so easy - just look me in the eye, talk to me, explain. Again, it\u0027s simple. Explain the mission. Explain why a son died. Any mother deserves that much.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Sarah JonesGeorge W. and his feckless flock of draft-dodging warhawks somehow wrested control of our country away from sane people by telling the public that they are what America stands for. They are what this country\u0027s all about, the heroes of folksy, all-American stories conjuring images of apple pie, baseball, and Mom. Except when it really comes down to it, they don\u0027t give a damn about Mom, especially not Moms like Cindy Sheehan who have made the sacrifice our phony ranch-hand-in-Chief pretends to understand in press conferences right before he gives everyone the bird.permalink | comments08.12.2005 James MooreIn every standoff there comes a time when the tide will turn in one direction. In our culture, these moments are palpable because a complicated question has been rendered into a simple confrontation between the just and the unjust, the big guy and the little guy, the powerful and the weak. And we all know who Americans choose in those kinds of fights. Cindy Sheehan, with her soft voice and steely determination, has given us a simple choice. We can stand with a mother who doesn\u0027t want other mothers to suffer the way she is suffering; or we can side with a president who offers us platitudes instead of exit strategies and unfounded optimism instead of honest logic. I\u0027m on Cindy\u0027s side.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Nicholas von HoffmanWhite House sources report that while Karl Rove is irked at Cindy Sheehan, the Gold Star mom, he is telling GOP operatives to thank their lucky stars the woman is not demanding to talk to President Bush about the price of gasoline. In addition to the Sheehan Texas camp-out, the big problem confronting Mr. Bush is the countdown to the 2,000th American death in Iraq. Bush strategists cannot decide if his best move is to hide the 2,000th body at Dover Air Force Base and make like it’s business as usual or apply the wisdom of Stalin and make public new figures revealing hundreds of thousands of other deaths, even if they are Iraqi.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Joan Juliet BuckThere are simple actions that can change the world. In Tiananmen square on June 4, 1989, as the tanks rolled in the quell the protests that had united students and workers, everyone scattered. Except one man who came out of the crowd and stood, calmly in front of the tanks. On CNN you couldn’t tell if he was purposeful , or dazed, but he did not move. The tanks did not roll over him. That moment was the signal for all the changes that followed.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Steve Cobble40 years ago, speechwriter Richard Goodwin wrote these inspiring words for President Lyndon B. Johnson, so he could introduce the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to Congress: \"At times history and fate meet at a single time in a single place to shape a turning point in man\u0027s unending search for freedom. So it was at Lexington and Concord. So it was at Appomatox. So it was last week in Selma, Alabama.\" Could it be that history and fate have followed Cindy Sheehan to a small crossroads in Crawford?permalink | comments08.12.2005 Rep. Bernie SandersThe President should hear firsthand from a woman whose views reflect those of tens of millions of Americans who believe that we have got to begin bringing our troops home as soon as possible. The President owes Ms. Sheehan and other families that lost loved ones in Iraq more than platitudes. He owes them and the American public an explanation about his plans for an exit strategy.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Jodie EvansThe first question of the morning pool came from a young soldier who had just returned from Iraq. He was polite, addressing Cindy as Ms. Sheehan. Surrounded by cameras he told her he was sorry for her son\u0027s death -- he said he had lost many friends in the Iraq war also. \"Death is a part of war and what we are doing is more important, bringing freedom to the world. Think of all the people who died for the freedom we enjoy. So your son\u0027s life is just a drop in the bucket.\" Those of us standing behind the cameras gasped, but Cindy continued to listen to him calmly and openly. She put her arm on his shoulder and, holding him to her side, walked with him out into the field.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Cenk UygurCindy Sheehan has been characterized as a flip-flopper, accused of putting on a public circus, lambasted as a publicity seeking grandstander and criticized for not truly speaking for her family since an aunt and a godmother Matt Drudge found somewhere in the Sheehan family disagrees with her. The conservative attack machine is in high gear in the efforts to tear this woman down. That made me think of how it would have been in the Civil Rights era if Fox News Channel, Rush Limbaugh, Matt Drudge and the rest of the gang were around back then...read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Alex KeyssarFor those of us of a certain age, it\u0027s hard not to be reminded of the mother\u0027s marches against the Vietnam war in the 1960s; busloads of middle-aged women were alot harder to dismiss (or denigrate) than shaggy haired radical protestors. Those mothers marches made a difference, contributing to the swelling of popular opposition to the war. If there were a military draft now, I suspect that President Bush would be encountering protesting mothers every time he appeared in public. As the war drags on, with no end in sight and more casualties every day, that might end up happening anyway.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Tom HaydenCasey Sheehan lives in his mother\u0027s being, and that\u0027s why Cindy Sheehan can\u0027t stop, won\u0027t stop. She shows us why and how to fight. She is wrecking the President\u0027s vacation and rupturing his control of the media. She is establishing the presence of an anti-war spirit among military families. What is interesting so far is that Bush, unlike Nixon, has not succeeded in generating a Gold Star Mothers for War. Is the sentiment that anti-Bush among all those families who are pondering how they lost their loved ones for a fabrication? Is that also why Rep. Walter Jones, a Republican whose district includes Camp Lejeune, has co-authored a House resolution for withdrawal? As in Vietnam, once again it appears for now that the soldiers withdraw first, with their hearts and minds, even as their bodies go through the motions. The spirits of the dead take point for the living.permalink | comments08.11.2005 Rep. Jim McDermottIf only we had a leader. If only he had a heart. The wounds that have killed, maimed and injured thousands of American soldiers in Iraq have been ripped open again deep in a heartless part of Texas. We grieve with Cindy Sheehan. We grieve over all the fallen heroes. As a medical doctor, I know that the process of grieving must reach closure. I can only hope that someone in this Administration comes to their senses and welcomes Cindy Sheehan in with open arms.permalink | commentsAli al-Saadi/AFPReuters/Kevin LamarqueFrom nytimes.comFrom caledonian-brewery.co.ukAP/Lauren ShayHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From gospelmusicchannel.comAP/NASAFrom www.walkenforpres.comFrom nytimes.comFrom thesundaymail.comAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"THE SLIMING OF IRAQ MOM CINDY SHEEHAN...Sunday RoundupThis is George Bush’s Accountability MomentCindy Sheehan Is My HeroAn American Mother Loses Her SonA Voice Crying in the WildernessWho Sent Hadley?Cindy Sheehan Steps Into the Leadership VoidVaccines and Autism: Looking for the Truth? Study the AmishThe Wrong GeneralLest We Forget 9-11Leydis Borrero: The New Union MovementAn Open Letter to the Kansas State Board of EducationSomething is AmissGlobal Warming: A Higher Power Weighs InCindy Sheehan\u0027s Simple RequestMoms Like Cindy SheehanTiananmen RanchGold Star MomSimple Actions That Can Change the WorldLexington. Selma. Crawford?The President Owes Ms. Sheehan More than PlatitudesOn Camp Casey...What Fox News Channel Would Have Done to Rosa ParksCindy Sheehan, American PatriotCindy Sheehan Can\u0027t Stop Won\u0027t StopAn Open Wound","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"“This President Should Be Glad He\u0027s Not Running For Re-Election”…Six US Soldiers Killed In Iraq, Roadside Bombings Up To 30 Per Week...Frank Rich: “The Country Has Already Made The Decision For Mr. Bush. We\u0027re Outta There”...Admin. Official: “What We Expected To Achieve Was Never Realistic”...Roberts: “Key Lieutenant In The Right-Wing Assault On Civil Rights Laws...”Bush Admin.’s Environmental Policy Makes Federal Judge Reluctant To See Pollution Cases…Global Warming Proven With Corrected Data Gathering…Wash. Post Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Organized “Freedom March”…Corporate Ex-Wives Going For The Jugular...Cindy Sheehan: “Over 700 People Showed Up At The Camp\"...Ad Campaign To Begin...Iran Built Nuclear Plant While Pretending To Negotiate With EU...TSA Considers More “Passenger-Friendly” Security Screening Guidelines...Congress Looks To Ground Space Shuttle For Good…New Hybrid Car Gets 250 Miles Per Gallon…“Car Whisperer” Lets You Listen Into Driver’s Conversations…Ad Campaign Looks To Shame Binge Drinking In UK, While Pubs Extend Hours...Bush And Rumsfeld Disagreeing On Iraq…$2.2M Bail Posted By Top Repub. Lobbyist Indicted For Wire Fraud…FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000...New Lawyer Steps In To Oversee White House Leak Probe...Reality TV\u0027s “Gospel Dream 2005”: “You’ll See Satan In Contestants Who Shouldn’t Be There”…Greece Plane Crash Kills All 121 Aboard...Harvard Launches Origins Of Life Project, “No Divine Intervention”...Frat Could Face Torture Charges, Judge Compares Case To Iraqi Prisoner Abuse…True Or False…Christopher Walken For President…You Decide…Mag: Americans Spent $8.4B On Plastic Surgery Last Year...Hollywood Soliciting Catholic Experts To “Soften” Da Vinci Code Movie…Human Cadavers Are Main Attraction At Upcoming Museum Exhibition...Radio Stunt Sends “Escaped Convicts” Hitchhiking, Scaring Drivers…Russell Crowe\u0027s $6 Million Phone Bill…Limp Bizkit Insurer Refuses Payout For Fan’s Death…$2M Fight Continues Between Van Halen And Baltimore Orioles…Google In Copyright Bind With New Search Engine…U.S. Fighter Jet Drops Bomb On Wrong Building In Australia…Four-Star General Disobeyed Direct Order To Break Off Affair…Petri Dish “Raised” Meat…Coming To Your Super Market…Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000…Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends...How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 15 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 15 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP152004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16“This President Should Be Glad He\u0027s Not Running For Re-Election”… in brief | comments Six US Soldiers Killed In Iraq, Roadside Bombings Up To 30 Per Week... Ali al-Saadi/AFP in brief | comments Frank Rich: “The Country Has Already Made The Decision For Mr. Bush. We\u0027re Outta There”... in brief | comments Admin. Official: “What We Expected To Achieve Was Never Realistic”... in brief | comments Reuters/Kevin Lamarque Roberts: “Key Lieutenant In The Right-Wing Assault On Civil Rights Laws...” in brief | comments Bush Admin.’s Environmental Policy Makes Federal Judge Reluctant To See Pollution Cases… in brief | comments Global Warming Proven With Corrected Data Gathering… in brief | comments Wash. Post Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Organized “Freedom March”… in brief | comments From nytimes.com Corporate Ex-Wives Going For The Jugular... in brief | comments Cindy Sheehan: “Over 700 People Showed Up At The Camp\"... in brief | comments Ad Campaign To Begin... in brief | comments Iran Built Nuclear Plant While Pretending To Negotiate With EU... in brief | comments TSA Considers More “Passenger-Friendly” Security Screening Guidelines... in brief | comments Congress Looks To Ground Space Shuttle For Good… in brief | comments New Hybrid Car Gets 250 Miles Per Gallon… in brief | comments “Car Whisperer” Lets You Listen Into Driver’s Conversations… in brief | comments From caledonian-brewery.co.uk Ad Campaign Looks To Shame Binge Drinking In UK, While Pubs Extend Hours... in brief | comments Bush And Rumsfeld Disagreeing On Iraq… in brief | comments $2.2M Bail Posted By Top Repub. Lobbyist Indicted For Wire Fraud… in brief | comments FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000... comments AP/Lauren Shay New Lawyer Steps In To Oversee White House Leak Probe... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From gospelmusicchannel.com Reality TV\u0027s “Gospel Dream 2005”: “You’ll See Satan In Contestants Who Shouldn’t Be There”… in brief | comments Greece Plane Crash Kills All 121 Aboard... in brief | comments AP/NASA Harvard Launches Origins Of Life Project, “No Divine Intervention”... in brief | comments Frat Could Face Torture Charges, Judge Compares Case To Iraqi Prisoner Abuse… in brief | comments From www.walkenforpres.com True Or False…Christopher Walken For President…You Decide… in brief | comments From nytimes.com Mag: Americans Spent $8.4B On Plastic Surgery Last Year... in brief | comments Hollywood Soliciting Catholic Experts To “Soften” Da Vinci Code Movie… in brief | comments Human Cadavers Are Main Attraction At Upcoming Museum Exhibition... in brief | comments Radio Stunt Sends “Escaped Convicts” Hitchhiking, Scaring Drivers… in brief | comments From thesundaymail.com Russell Crowe\u0027s $6 Million Phone Bill… in brief | comments Limp Bizkit Insurer Refuses Payout For Fan’s Death… in brief | comments $2M Fight Continues Between Van Halen And Baltimore Orioles… in brief | comments Google In Copyright Bind With New Search Engine… in brief | comments U.S. Fighter Jet Drops Bomb On Wrong Building In Australia… in brief | comments Four-Star General Disobeyed Direct Order To Break Off Affair… in brief | comments Petri Dish “Raised” Meat…Coming To Your Super Market… in brief | comments Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000… in brief | comments Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends... comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":3,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
