{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaI picked up the LA Times business section this morning and felt like I had been transported back to the Go-Go-Go 90s. Here was a story on how the CEOs at California’s top 100 publicly held companies had earned a collective $1.1 billion in 2004 -- a 20 percent increase from the year before. Contrast that with the 2.9 percent bump for the average worker. The upstairs/downstairs divide is bigger than ever.If the Democratic Party wants to get to the bottom of why working Americans -- as the cliché goes -- are voting against their economic interests, they may want to look at these latest numbers and own up to the fact that they are actually doing a lousy job representing those economic interests. And as Andy Stern points out in his post today, so should the American labor movement. Work that used to be the road to the American dream is now a path fraught with insecurity, fear, mounting credit card debt, and visits to the local food bank.Read More05.31.2005 Bill MaherWatching Memorial Day coverage, I don\u0027t know how this country keeps a straight face. So much rhetoric, so little action. So much about past wars, so little about doing something for the soldiers suffering right now in this one in Iraq/Afghanistan.read whole post | permalink | comments05.31.2005 Andy SternAt the 50th anniversary of the AFL-CIO the debate is in full swing. I say we need to change and build a new, growing, dynamic, modern labor movement for the 21st century. The current President, John Sweeney, says go slow -- it is unrealistic to expect us to change, and after all we cannot grow until we change public policy and labor laws. Sorry, but workers can\u0027t wait that long.read whole post | permalink | comments05.31.2005 David CornGeorge W. Bush doesn\u0027t disappoint. That is, if you expect him to dodge tough questions and misrepresent facts. The real disappointment is that the hound dogs of the press corps do not challenge him when he does so. They sit there well-behaved, wait to be called upon, and rarely think of tossing aside their prepared questions... Bush can tap-dance his way through a press conference because his not-so-grand inquisitors do nothing to change the tune.read whole post | permalink | comments05.31.2005 Paul RieckhoffPaul Krugman has it right – the military is at a breaking point because of the unfair burden it places on its all volunteer force. However, he makes a critical miscalculation when he writes that once the war in Iraq is done, the nation will have no problem finding enough volunteers to maintain our strength.read whole post | permalink | comments05.31.2005 Phil AngelidesMake no mistake about it, Schwarzenegger is bringing the right\u0027s agenda to the bluest of the blue states -- believing if they can win in California, they can win anywhere. And they\u0027re doing it with the same deceptive rhetorical flourishes that gave birth to such wonderful phrases as \"compassionate conservatism,\" \"Healthy Forests\" and \"Clear Skies.\" So, how are Schwarzenegger\u0027s and Bush\u0027s agendas alike? Let me count the ways...read whole post | permalink | comments05.30.2005 Joseph NyeFrance has voted \"non\" on the European constitution. Does the U.S. have a dog in this fight? Arguably yes. There is no part of the world with whom we share more crucial values (like democracy and human rights), and no area better able to help us with the threat we face from transnational terrorism. We have more to fear from a Europe that is too weak than a Europe that is too strong.read whole post | permalink | comments05.31.2005 Larry GelbartA is for Abu-Graib. Admission accomplished. Happily, all of the women responsible for perpetrating the torture, degradation and unspeakable humiliation have been named and/or punished. B is for Bolton, hard-driving, hard-headed, abusive, butt-kicking diplomat. C is for Congress. A debatable society -- formerly a separate branch of the US government.read whole post | permalink | comments05.30.2005 Randall RobinsonNews organizations are corporate and uncompetitive. Their owners are uniformly wealthy. Political campaigns are un-substantive, sudsy and, increasingly, downright demagogic. Spin doctors are in growing demand. We live in an image-only era. We have arrived at a point where trust must necessarily be blind. I once asked a member of Congress why he opposed voter registration efforts in his district, and was told, “I have all the voters I need.”read whole post | permalink | comments05.30.2005 Deepak ChopraIn the old reality progress comes from technology. In the new reality progress comes from exploring the untapped potential of consciousness. In the old reality disease is a constant threat. In the new reality individuals are learning that they can become healers. In the old reality terrorism holds populations in fear. In the new reality a majority of people have given up the outworn tactics of war and violence.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Hooman MajdEverybody, including most of the Democratic leadership, seems to have bought into the idea that we can’t leave Iraq, that we can’t leave something unfinished. That Iraq will become unstable, that the region\u0027s instability will affect our national security. That we’ll lose face. No, nothing will happen that won’t happen anyway. Every last soldier; just pack up and leave. It took twelve days to get to Baghdad? How about two months to leave.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Jim LampleyThe point about women in motor racing has been made before, by Shirley Muldowney and Lyn St. James and Janet Guthrie, among others. Yesterday Danica Patrick again made that point, but for the moment she did something a few of us who\u0027ve been to Pit Row might not have thought possible: she revived open-wheel racing in America. It\u0027s no small feat. Now let\u0027s see what the boys can do with it.read whole post | permalink05.30.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonThere were tales of “Jackson Juice” drugging, conspiracy plots, aborted planned kidnappings, and an alleged Beatle song book vendetta against him. There were serio-comic moments when Jackson stumbled into court in his pajamas, did a jig on his SUV, and revved up adoring fans from his hospital room window. In an interview midway through the trial, Jackson flipped the race card.read whole post | permalink05.31.2005 Jane WellsOur cell phones have quit working, and now the VHF radio signal is gone. My companions, part of the relief group, the International Medical Corps (IMC), don’t have to tell me that these could be signs of an impending Janjaweed attack. We have just passed a group of about 15 men in flowing white djellabas carrying kalashnikov rifles. I can spot another group of 25 men on camels up ahead. “OK, that’s it. We’re turning back.” I breathe again, but not for long because, despite the surprising allure of this unfamiliar landscape, filled with baobab trees and exotic wildlife, we soon spot a helicopter in the distance -- another bad omen.read whole post | permalink05.28.2005 James PinkertonSome will blame the United States for the failure of NPT to make any progress toward de-nuclearization. They will say that George W. Bush has made the US seem so scary and so lawless that other countries are in no mood to negotiate anything with us. But the deeper reality transcends personality, or party, or president. That deeper reality is that nuclear proliferation is inevitable, because the basic imperatives of power and politics are the same for all countries.read whole post | permalink | comments05.28.2005 Stephen ElliottI have been robbed at gunpoint. I\u0027ve been mugged, beaten up. It is wrong to think that I don\u0027t have compassion for victims of crime. I have also spent three months in a locked public juvenile facility, a miserable place with feces smeared along the walls, after which I was made a ward of the court and shuffled into the state juvenile welfare system where I saw first hand what happens to children we abandon to their own devices.read whole post | permalink | comments05.28.2005 Paul FeigMy solution to the whole problem is this: Let John Bolton have the gig. Maybe Bolton will have a sort of \"Local Hero\" experience, in which he comes in to his new job ready to get rid of the place but then the plucky residents wear him down with their homespun charms. Maybe Bolton will stumble into a local UN watering hole and suddenly find himself having the time of his life doing a karaoke duet of \"Love Lift Us Up\" with the French ambassador.read whole post | permalink05.29.2005 David CornSpeaking at one of his Orwellian, faux townhall meetings on Social Security in Greece, New York on May 24, Bush said, \"See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.\" I\u0027m guessing this is the first time in the history of the Republic that a president has publicly acknowledged he was catapulting propaganda at the American public.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"Vanity Fair: Former FBI Agent Mark Felt Is Deep Throat",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowSo Much Rhetoric, So Little ActionIt\u0027s Time for a Change at the AFL-CIOBush Bobs, Weaves, Misleads--and a Challenge to ConservativesThe Military Manpower Crisis -- My Letter to the NY TimesArnold Proves He\u0027s a Bush RepublicanEuroshock?A Grimmer PrimerAmerica\u0027s Coup From WithinThe Greatest Crisis in the WorldHasta La Vista, IraqA Sudden RevivalCelebrity, Sex and Race In The Jackson Trial/Pt.1Witness to DarfurProliferating Plowshares Into Nuclear SwordsWelcome To The Gang Violence And Juvenile Crime Prevention Act, Part 2 - A Note To My Detractors, A Solution OfferedCrybabies for BoltonBush Admits He Flings the SpinGee, We\u0027re Sooo Sorry: High Court Overturns Arthur Andersen ConvictionCalls To Resign And Secession Embattle AFL-CIO PresidentFOIA Docs: US Paid Up to $25K a Head for Gitmo Prisoners*** Exclusive*** Is Paramount Ready to Pull the Plug on Cruise and \u0027Mission: Impossible III\u0027?","h3":"First A Non Denial Denial by Woodward, Bernstein and Bradlee, Then Woodward ConfirmsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Bombers Kill 30 Iraq Police Day After Operation Lightning LaunchesIn Government Shakeup After France\u0027s \u0027Non\u0027 Vote, Chirac Appoints New PMZarqawi Says Was \u0027Lightly\u0027 Wounded on Website Audio MessageU.S. Forces Mistakenly Detain Sunni ChiefLast Great Wilderness of World Being Destroyed by Global WarmingAfter 18 Months Limbaugh Med Records Still Locked UpThat\u0027s a Minefield of ContaminationSoldiers of Christ: Profile of the National Religious Broadcasters ConventionThe Donald Hosts Fundraiser for Repub. Fla. Gubernatorial CandidateGOP\u0027s Specter Aims to Clarify Due Process Laws for DetaineesCell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. SongPhilly to Host Live Aid Concert for Ethiopian Famine ReliefTrojan Horse Enters Prime Time: Zucker\u0027s NBC OK\u0027s Condom AdsBush: Nobel Prize Winning Group\u0027s Report \u0027Absurd\u0027Cheney: Iraq Insurgency in \u0027Last Throes\u0027Bush\u0027s Political Capital Spent, Voices in Both Parties SuggestCan GE\u0027s Immelt Use Sex to Sell ... Coal?Private Planes Go Undercover for CIAGood Morning Diane? Goodbye Katie? Media\u0027s Latest ObsessionLove Can Be Stronger Than the Will to LiveChristian Slater Arrested For Groping WomanDanica Patrick\u0027s Debut Pumps Up Indy 500 Ratings By 40 PercentBush Thinking of Scalia, Not Thomas, for Next Chief JusticeNo Paperback Plans For Da Vinci Code, Even As Sales Slip","h5":"Euro Drops To Lowest Point Since OctoberCheck Out the Crazy Frog Axel F Ring Tone","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"APR JUN JUL 1 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR JUN JUL 1 2004 2005 2006APR JUN JUL12004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Bombers Kill 30 Iraq Police Day After Operation Lightning Launches in brief | comments In Government Shakeup After France\u0027s \u0027Non\u0027 Vote, Chirac Appoints New PM in brief | comments Euro Drops To Lowest Point Since October in brief | comments Zarqawi Says Was \u0027Lightly\u0027 Wounded on Website Audio Message in brief | comments U.S. Forces Mistakenly Detain Sunni Chief in brief | comments Last Great Wilderness of World Being Destroyed by Global Warming in brief | comments After 18 Months Limbaugh Med Records Still Locked Up in brief | comments That\u0027s a Minefield of Contamination in brief | comments Soldiers of Christ: Profile of the National Religious Broadcasters Convention in brief | comments The Donald Hosts Fundraiser for Repub. Fla. Gubernatorial Candidate in brief | comments GOP\u0027s Specter Aims to Clarify Due Process Laws for Detainees in brief | comments Cell Ring Tone Beats Coldplay To #1 U.K. Song comments Check Out the Crazy Frog Axel F Ring Tone in brief | comments Philly to Host Live Aid Concert for Ethiopian Famine Relief in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Trojan Horse Enters Prime Time: Zucker\u0027s NBC OK\u0027s Condom Ads in brief | comments Bush: Nobel Prize Winning Group\u0027s Report \u0027Absurd\u0027 in brief | comments Cheney: Iraq Insurgency in \u0027Last Throes\u0027 in brief | comments Bush\u0027s Political Capital Spent, Voices in Both Parties Suggest in brief | comments Can GE\u0027s Immelt Use Sex to Sell ... Coal? in brief | comments Private Planes Go Undercover for CIA in brief | comments Good Morning Diane? Goodbye Katie? Media\u0027s Latest Obsession in brief | comments Love Can Be Stronger Than the Will to Live in brief | comments Christian Slater Arrested For Groping Woman in brief | comments Danica Patrick\u0027s Debut Pumps Up Indy 500 Ratings By 40 Percent in brief | comments Bush Thinking of Scalia, Not Thomas, for Next Chief Justice in brief | comments No Paperback Plans For Da Vinci Code, Even As Sales Slip in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050601023036,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
