{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaIf there’s a Russert formula, beyond just being the Hack in Chief of the Beltwaystocracy, it’s this: Tim plays a news quote of some kind, then relentlessly goes after the guest for a reaction. Of course, the guests know by now that they can just give a non-answer answer and Tim will move on. But today, even the shtick was gone. Maybe what they say about Washington nightlife isn’t true, and Tim really tied one on last night, or maybe the first three installments of RussertWatch demoralized him, but today’s show, completely lacking in energy and real back and forth, should have been called “Read the Press.” The quotes were out of control. Quote after quote, sometimes three and four screens long (Warning: do not operate heavy machinery for at least an hour after attempting to read them at the end of my post.)First up was Congressman Curt Weldon (R-PA), just back from Iraq with the show’s other guest, Senator Joe Biden. Russert puts up a quote of a Washington Post article: “Rep. Curt Weldon ...said Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others are misleading Americans about the number of functional Iraqi troops.” He then asks Weldon “Who\u0027s misleading the American people and how?” Good question. Weldon gives a long answer, only not to the question that was asked. And Russert moves on. You see, all you have to do is the rhetorical equivalent of jingling a few shiny keys in front of Tim and he forgets all about what he wanted to know seconds before. Now on to Biden:READ MORE.06.09.2005 Jann WennerKarl Rove, Ken Mehlman, and Tom DeLay don’t even have to bother attacking Howard Dean anymore; their work is being done for them by the stalwarts of what’s left of the Democratic Party establishment. Dean says that the Republicans are essentially a party that is by, for, and of the white Christians -- which we all know is fundamentally true -- and all of a sudden we have Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi chiding him. Our guys are doing the work of the so-called GOP Echo Machine.read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.In the past four years the White House has altered, suppressed, or attempted to discredit close to a dozen major reports on global warming. My prediction: the emasculated stenographers who make up the White House press corps will ignore this latest outrage as they have prior Bush White House deceptions on critical public policy issues ranging from global warming, to the budget deficit, Medicaid and the war in Iraq.read whole post | permalink06.08.2005 Scott CarterHow would the Declaration of Independence, for instance, read if Phil Cooney had been able to red-pencil it before the Founding Fathers could post it? Would the headline reference to \"Thirteen United States of America\" been scratched through with the note \"delete Massachusetts, it\u0027s outside the mainstream?\" Would the phrase \"Nature\u0027s God\" have needed an extra dependent clause explaining that what was really meant was the \"God\" of the \"Christian\" right? And would the phrase \"the right of the People\" be scratched out in favor of \"the office of the Vice President?\"permalink06.10.2005 Rep. John F. TierneyAs the country struggles to bear the human toll of this war, it must also deal with the financial cost. To date, the U.S. Congress has approved more than $300 billion for funding for a seemingly endless conflict. To this end, I have offered a bipartisan bill, with my colleague Congressman Jim Leach (R-IA), to reestablish the \"Truman Committee,\" which would ensure that American tax dollars are being judiciously spent in Iraq and Afghanistan.read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Paul RieckhoffMilitary recruiting numbers are deep into the Porta-Potty. We have a manpower crisis on our hands. The Army is already 16 percent short of its year-to-date goal. They were short last month by a whopping 42 percent. Let’s break that percentage down. For April, the active-duty Army was short of its target of 6,600 by 3,379. Think about that. 3,379 short. We are at war, we have a population of over 290 million people, and we can’t get 3,379 people to join the fight? Wow. We would have an easier time convincing parents to send their kids to the Neverland ranch for a sleepover party.permalink | comments06.09.2005 Paul FeigDid you know that there\u0027s a lot of people in the UN building who don\u0027t even speak English? That people actually have to TRANSLATE what is being said for them? What kind of crap is THAT? I say that if Bolton comes around to your office and you can\u0027t hold a five-minute conversation with him about what bad shape the UN is in and what a waste of time you are for being there, then he has the right to toss your other-language-speaking butt out onto the street. And he’ll do it too.permalink | comments06.08.2005 Rep. Ed MarkeyTuesday, as he dined in the White House, one of British Prime Minister Tony Blair’s main objectives was to convince President Bush to agree to a new international agreement to curb climate change. Unfortunately, it seems that Mr. Blair arrived for dinner about four years too late. Based on documents recently procured, we now know that President Bush relied heavily upon the advice of oil giant Exxon when rejecting the Kyoto agreement.permalink | comments06.08.2005 Danielle CrittendenLIVE13 CONCERT FOR TEENAGE RELIEF Every day, thousands of American teenagers run themselves into debt. Although they live in one of the richest economies of the world, they are deprived of the most basic necessities: Playstation Portables, iPODS, cell phones, and Juicy Couture jeans. They are forced to borrow money for such necessities from their parents, or face extreme humiliation amongst their peers. Most of the time their parents will refuse to provide the necessary items or aid... By doubling allowances, canceling debt, and delivering justice to those under parental domination, Live13 could change the lives of thousands of American teenagers.permalink | comments06.08.2005 Rob McKayOur President likes to say he’s looking out for working Americans. He must mean those noble proletarians, our butlers, chauffeurs and elite estheticians. I don’t know precisely where I fall among the richest Americans -- somewhere near the top 1 percent -- but I think it’s important that we “people of wealth” start outing ourselves. Charity is not enough. We need to get behind advocates who are working to increase the minimum wage and to force corporations like WalMart to pay a living wage.permalink06.07.2005 Gary HartAs co-chair of the U.S. Commission on National Security for the 21st Century, I have been working with several of my colleagues to follow up on how many of our 50 specific recommendations for making America more secure have been adopted and implemented by the Bush administration more than four years after our final report. We know that it took a year and a half, and the 9.11 attacks, for the president finally to accept our pre-9.11 recommendation to create a Department of Homeland Security. But few, if any, of the other 49 recommendations have so-far been adopted.permalink06.06.2005 Harry ShearerI have to admit I was stunned to see Richard Ben Veniste of the Watergate prosecutor\u0027s office sitting (virtually) next to G. Gordon Liddy, convicted Watergate felon, to discuss the unmsking of Deep Throat. Did no one ask, \"Are we, by this pair of bookings, declaring a moral equivalency between the prosecutor and the ones he prosecuted?\" What other crime story would get such weirdly even-handed treatment? Can we look forward to Vincent Bugliosi and Susan Atkins side-by-side on Court TV for a leisurely look back at the Charles Manson case?permalink | comments06.06.2005 Bill DiamondA few readers have already questioned how open-minded I can be as Bill Diamond’s new public editor and to them I answer with two points: Screw. You. There’s a thick wall that separates me from Bill Diamond and trust me, if you knew Bill Diamond the way I know Bill Diamond, you’d have spent your whole life on the other side of that thick wall, too. I feel honored to be able to represent you, the readers. I will give it my all -- for you and for the graft that I love. Craft. Craft that I love.permalink | comments06.09.2005 Rep. Jim McDermottGiven the level of defense spending, it\u0027s fair to say that the United States has a few (thousand) military fighter jets parked on tarmacs around the world. Let\u0027s do something useful with them. Let\u0027s do something humanitarian with them. Let\u0027s do something long overdue by this President -- let\u0027s stop the genocide in Sudan\u0027s Darfur Region...read whole post | permalink06.09.2005 Laurie DavidAs Florida braces for what is predicted to be one of the worst hurricane seasons on record (a calamity scientists studying the impact of global warming have seen coming for years), I wonder if Philip A. Cooney will feel any pangs of remorse as the flood waters rise and the roofs go blowing away. Mr. Cooney is the White House official who edited government climate reports to make global warming seem like an uncertainty instead of a scientifically provable reality. I think of him as the Katherine Harris of climate change...permalink06.08.2005 Joseph NyeWe should not aim for hard or soft power, but to combine the two as a \"smart power.\" That is what we did in the Cold War. Our hard military power helped to deter Soviet aggression while our soft power ate away the basis of communism behind the Iron Curtain. When the Berlin Wall came down, it was under hammers and bulldozers, not artillery. We are failing to make that combination of hard and soft power in the so called \"war on terrorism\". We spend 450 times more on our hard military power than we do on our budget for public diplomacy (including broadcasts and exchanges). If we spent one percent, we would quadruple the expenditure for that particular instrument of soft power.permalink | comments06.07.2005 Rep. John ConyersAfter the abject failure of the media to expose the myth of WMD and Iraq, the cheerleading coverage of \"embedded\" reporters, and the transmission of propaganda to the American people (see Jessica Lynch\u0027s \"rescue\", Pat Tillman\u0027s tragic death, and the toppling of Saddam\u0027s statue), aren\u0027t we owed some good, sustained and thorough reporting on the Downing Street Memo?permalink | comments06.08.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThis is definitely not your father\u0027s anti-war movement. Unlike Vietnam, opposition to the war in Iraq is not being driven by the \"make love, not war\" crowd. Indeed, a growing number of conservative voices are being raised -- and asking whether the ongoing disaster in Iraq is draining precious resources from the war on terror (remember that?) and efforts to secure the homeland. So this is not war vs peace; it\u0027s war vs security.permalink | comments06.07.2005 Stephen ElliottGuantanamo, a city state of 10,000 with a high school, McDonalds, Starbucks, roads, and only one purpose, leased from Cuba for $3,500 a year ($2,000 worth of gold in 1903), is supposed to be the place where the really really bad guys go. And there are really really bad guys there, maybe as many as twenty. Fifteen have been designated for trial and four charged with crimes. There are three ways out of Guantanamo. The first is death -- suicide attempts are routine. The second is the court, but death is more likely. The third and best chance is if your country insists its citizens be released. That\u0027s what happened to Mamdouh Habib...permalink | comments06.09.2005 Lizz WinsteadThe administration should insist part of the funds for this new Stop Smoking Program go directly to Phillip Cooney -- that White House Oil Industry Whore AKA The Global Warming Crosser-Outer Guy -- to help write up some new warning labels more in line with Bush policy, like: \"Smoking during pregnancy causes low birth weight which could mean less stretch marks so you make the call.” Or: \"Cigarettes Kill your appetite.”permalink06.08.2005 Paul KrassnerCoulter and I both played pundit on a short-lived series, The Conspiracy Zone. During a commercial break, I suggested to her that because such conservative figures as Bob Barr and Phyllis Schafley had taken public positions usually ascribed to liberals, the labels “conservative” and “liberal” have become obsolescent, and I asked what she thought might be appropriate substitutes. “Americans and cowards,” she said.permalink | comments06.08.2005 Lawrence BenderWhen Arianna presented me with the Torch of Liberty award from the ACLU last week, they played a series of clips from my movies, ending with a speech Matt Damon gave in Good Will Hunting. I was struck with a new intensity by how incredibly relevant it is to what\u0027s going on in Iraq....\"they bomb the village where the rebels were hiding and fifteen hundred people I never had a problem with get killed. Now the politicians are sayin\u0027 \u0027send in the Marines to secure the area\u0027 \u0027cause they don\u0027t give a shit. It won\u0027t be their kid over there, gettin\u0027 shot. Just like it wasn\u0027t them when their number got called, \u0027cause they were pullin\u0027 a tour in the National Guard. It\u0027ll be some guy from Southie takin\u0027 shrapnel in the ass.\"permalink","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"\u0027Outrageous Misuse Of A House Of Worship ...\u0027On The Blog NowSlamming Dean: The Democratic Establishment Echoes the GOP Echo MachineWill the Emasculated Stenographers of the Press Overlook Yet Another White House Deception?Phil Cooney\u0027s Little Red PencilAccountability for IraqPentagon Hides Horrible Recruiting NumbersLet that fox into the henhouse!Blair Late to the Party: Exxon Gets the Last Word with Bush on KyotoA BAD WEEK FOR THE PARENTS OF TEENAGERSRevenge of the Hyper-RichNational Security: Is the Bush Administration Listening?Moral EquivalencyBill Diamond\u0027s New Public EditorOur Moral and Ethical Obligation to Stop the Genocide in the SudanThe Katherine Harris of Global WarmingHard and Soft PowerDid the Mainstream Media Get the Memo?Not Your Father\u0027s Anti-War MovementWhat Is Rumsfeld Defending?Choke And MirrorsGroucho Marx, Ann Coulter and Bob BarrIraq and Good Will Hunting","h3":"Frist\u0027s Finances Questioned; FEC ReviewingBlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming Reports\u0027Freedom Fry\u0027 GOP Congressman Wants Troops Out Of IraqMemo: US Iraq Invasion Involved \u0027Little Thought\u0027UK Ministers Told Make Legal \u0027Excuse\u0027 To Attack IraqDean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027Wal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ...Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 ScientologyWebsite Campaigns To \u0027Free\u0027 Katie Holmes From Tom CruiseThe Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ...Service Workers Board OKs AFL-CIO SplitNASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic CluesBeware The Charity Wristband Con ...Bedlam At Patriot Act Hearing ...Army Recruiting More High School Dropouts To Meet GoalsBush\u0027s Job Approval Ratings Sink To Lowest Level YetMicrosoft Gives Into China But Still Supports Gay RightsSecret Interrogation Log At Gitmo Revealed: \u0027Invasion Of Space By Female\u0027 One Drill To Break Detainees ...Republican Senator Says Shut It DownOnline Pokers Beware... Your Opponent May Be A RobotInstapundit Find: Army To Use Videocams In BattleDetox Debunked...Cox Likely To Be Questioned About Defrauding CaseAfter Loss Tyson Says \u0027I Don\u0027t Have The Stomach For This Anymore\u0027Afleet Alex Is First Over The Line At BelmontNot A Rockstar? Consider Adult Fantasy Camp...Women Have Midlife Crisis Too. And They Buy Cars...Wealthy Seek Newest Contraband: SunscreenG8 Agree To Debt Write-Off For Poor Nations","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 13 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 13 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL132004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Frist\u0027s Finances Questioned; FEC Reviewing in brief | comments Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming Reports in brief | comments \u0027Freedom Fry\u0027 GOP Congressman Wants Troops Out Of Iraq in brief | comments Memo: US Iraq Invasion Involved \u0027Little Thought\u0027 in brief | comments UK Ministers Told Make Legal \u0027Excuse\u0027 To Attack Iraq in brief | comments Dean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027 in brief | comments Wal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ... in brief | comments Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 Scientology in brief | comments Website Campaigns To \u0027Free\u0027 Katie Holmes From Tom Cruise in brief | comments The Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ... in brief | comments Service Workers Board OKs AFL-CIO Split in brief | comments NASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic Clues in brief | comments Beware The Charity Wristband Con ... in brief | comments Bedlam At Patriot Act Hearing ... in brief | comments Army Recruiting More High School Dropouts To Meet Goals in brief | comments Bush\u0027s Job Approval Ratings Sink To Lowest Level Yet comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Microsoft Gives Into China But Still Supports Gay Rights in brief | comments Secret Interrogation Log At Gitmo Revealed: \u0027Invasion Of Space By Female\u0027 One Drill To Break Detainees ... in brief | comments Republican Senator Says Shut It Down in brief | comments Online Pokers Beware... Your Opponent May Be A Robot in brief | comments Instapundit Find: Army To Use Videocams In Battle in brief | comments Detox Debunked... in brief | comments Cox Likely To Be Questioned About Defrauding Case in brief | comments After Loss Tyson Says \u0027I Don\u0027t Have The Stomach For This Anymore\u0027 in brief | comments Afleet Alex Is First Over The Line At Belmont in brief | comments Not A Rockstar? Consider Adult Fantasy Camp... in brief | comments Women Have Midlife Crisis Too. And They Buy Cars... in brief | comments Wealthy Seek Newest Contraband: Sunscreen in brief | comments G8 Agree To Debt Write-Off For Poor Nations in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050613012941,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
