{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From boston.com08.16.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWas the fear of additional legal steps being taken against Judy Miller the reason for Monday\u0027s preemptive PR campaign? Was this why Floyd Abrams went on Lou Dobbs and the New York Times did a glowing pro-Judy editorial?Note to the editors (1): No matter how many times you say it, covering for an illegal government leaker out to smear someone\u0027s reputation for political reasons, is NOT safeguarding freedom of the press.Note to the editors (2): You may want to tell your public editor not to quote the Times editor he quotes in Sunday\u0027s paper, laying out one of the Times\u0027 ethical guidelines: \"The Times\u0027s policy does not permit the granting of anonymity to confidential news sources \u0027as cover for a personal or partisan attack.\u0027\" So which is it, Times editors? Let\u0027s give Judy the benefit of the doubt for a minute and accept that she was a catcher, not a pitcher. Then, according to her own paper\u0027s ethical standards, if the person pitching to her is doing it for partisan reasons -- and is anybody doubting that? -- then there is no \"granting of anonymity\".read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Bob CescaHi Karen, I saw the news over the weekend about the president\u0027s low approval ratings; the bad news about the Iraq War (Frank Rich\u0027s column in the Times? Ouch!); the rising gas prices; that crazy woman on Bush\u0027s lawn; and Liberal-Media-Smearing-Karl-Rove-Gate (you can use that). So I sat down with my team and we came up with some suggestions to turn things around for your boss. -Invade something. America loves invasion. -The America Supports You Penguin March. (Have you seen that movie yet? They walk funny.)read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Steve CobbleWell, it\u0027s official. Sunday the AP certified W as reeling in the polls. Here\u0027s the Yahoo News online headline on Will Lester\u0027s AP story: \"Bush Approval a Low for Recent 2-Termers\". Here\u0027s my favorite line in the story: \"His ratings on everything from handling Iraq to the economy to Social Security and other domestic issues are at their lowest levels so far.\" And that\u0027s before the indictments...read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Justin FrankAlthough I would never make a medical diagnosis without examining a patient, I feel confident in my observation that George W. Bush is a new kind of bi-polar: the poles being indifference and destructive violence. His indifference to families who lost their sons and daughters in Iraq is now writ large – thanks to Cindy Sheehan and an ever-increasing group of parents who demand that Bush explain the \"noble cause\" for which their sons and daughters continue to be maimed and killed in Iraq. As Sheehan told the press on August 12, Bush has more time for Republican donors than for talking with bereaved families camped outside his Crawford fortress.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Jeff KeyThe \"W\" stickers are plentiful on base, as you can imagine. A lot of them buy it hook, line, and sinker. Most of the guys are awesome people, but as odd as it seems, they are not very informed politically. One of the young men I talked to this weekend didn\u0027t even know the name of the Vice President! Can you believe that? If things continue on the track that they are going, this young man could very likely die because of Dick\u0027s (et al.) antics...and the boy didn\u0027t even know his name.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Jane WellsCindy Sheehan’s action is far more than an outburst by a grieving and emotional mother (though there is plenty of power and plenty to admire in that). Her action is far more than one person’s anti-war, anti-Bush protest. This action is far more than liberal posturing. This action is grabbing attention because when there is wrong and injustice and senseless violence and death in the world, the desire for human dignity will prevail.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Deepak ChopraSpontaneous remission is a rare but spectacular phenomena. The cancer disappears spontaneously and there is still no adequate scientific explanation that satisfies physicians completely. When I was a medical student, spontaneous remissions were known as \"miracle cures.\" I personally do not like the term because a miracle camouflages our ignorance of what is really happening. When we do not have an explanation for something, we call it a miracle. When we have explanation for the same phenomenon, we call it science. Yesterday\u0027s \"miracles\" are today\u0027s science and today\u0027s miracles will be tomorrow\u0027s science.read whole post | permalink | comments08.16.2005 Norman HorowitzWas it just a moment ago that spokespeople for the administration expressed the notion that announcing a timetable to begin withdrawing troops would only embolden the insurgents? Of course that was then, and this is now, and I love that they can segue from one position to another without hardly taking a deep breath, or uttering even a quiet \"Whoops, things have changed.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Geoffrey R. StoneOn August 5, Prime Minister Tony Blair announced his intention to implement a series of new anti-terrorism measures, including compilation of a “database of those individuals whose . . . views pose a threat to Britain’s security,” deportation of any foreign national who justifies the use of “violence to further a person’s beliefs,” denaturalization of British citizens who engage in “extremism,” and criminal prosecution for “condoning or glorifying terrorism.” Tony Blair would do well to learn the lessons of American history...read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Paul RieckhoffHere we are, two and a half years into Operation Iraqi Freedom and still scraping to equip our men and women with the best equipment that we can. Some pogue in Washington continues to \"resource manage\" and \"risk manage\" our troops into shortages and out of their lives and body parts - that\u0027s why. The President has corrected his message machine lately to reinforce the fact we are at war. Yet, there is no call for sacrifice, no demand for industrial mobilization, and I guess it would be damn hard to demand your leaders work late to get these supplies into the pipe when you are on vacation.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Jamie CourtNo wonder George W. Bush is bicycling around Crawford with gasoline prices having jumped 20 cents in the past three weeks. July financial statements show oil companies making new world record profits on top of last year’s banner world record profits. It\u0027s manipulation of domestic refining capacity and inventories by American oil companies that\u0027s behind gasoline price spikes, not the traditional scapegoats of Big Oil. If any of the would-be Democratic presidential hopefuls had the courage to speak out now about the well documented rip-off maybe next summer would be different.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Kimberly BrooksI took my kids to see March of the Penguins the other night. In between the Red Vines and the popcorn, all I could think was: \"this is the most poorly designed animal I had ever seen.\" A more apt title is The Plight of the Penguin. Intelligent Designer? Give me a break.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Richard BradleyThanks in large part to Cindy Sheehan, people are starting to raise the issue of why Jenna and Barbara Bush aren\u0027t serving in the military. It\u0027s a tough question, but I think it\u0027s a fair one. The President of the United States is calling on American young people to volunteer to go to war, but his own daughters, who are certainly of the appropriate age, are better known for their drunken nightclub escapades than for any acts of patriotism. So here\u0027s a question I think a White House reporter should ask the president: \"President Bush, if your own two daughters won\u0027t enlist, how can you expect anyone else\u0027s children to join the military?\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Ari MelberLast week\u0027s news reveals a lot about America\u0027s political parties. Republicans felt the pressure from Cindy Sheehan\u0027s brave Crawford stand-off. They responded by closing ranks and trying to smear Sheehan as a lying traitor. Democrats felt the pressure from critics of a NARAL Pro-Choice America ad attacking John Roberts. They responded by disagreeing in public and NARAL pulled the ad. When politics get rough, the Republicans stick together and hypocritically turn up the heat. Too often, Democrats argue and worry that someone will get burned.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Rebecca PidgeonI once sat next to Frank Rich at a dinner party in New York. I was a young actress, just off the stage for the evening from the Atlantic Theatre Company’s production of “Dangerous Corner” by J.B. Priestly. I was a little over-awed to be sitting next to the man who could close a Broadway show with one vitriolic wave of his poison pen. I whipped up enough courage to say, “Gosh, Mr. Rich, you must have seen some historic productions in your time!” He turned to me with a look of real, genuine pain, and said rather miserably, “I have had to sit through some of the worst productions ever staged. Twenty years of terrible, awful theatre.\" I thought, “there’s a man who really hates his job!” The poor man! I’m glad he finally found a job he likes...read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Cindy SheehanGeorge Bush took a 2 hour bike ride on Saturday, and when he got back, he was asked how he could go for a two hour bike ride when he doesn\u0027t have time to meet with me, and he said: \"I have to go on with my life.\" WHAT!!!!!????? He has to get on with his life!!! I am so offended by that statement. Every person, war fan or not, who has had a child killed in this mistake of an occupation should be highly offended by that remark. Who does he think he is? If George or anybody else thinks I am leaving before my mission is \"accomplished\" they have another think coming. I will stay the course.read whole post | permalink | comments08.15.2005 Steve ColmanI co-wrote and performed in the Tony award-winning Russell Simmons Def Poetry Jam on Broadway. As part of the show, I performed an original poem called Terrorist Threat that attempted in a funny way to highlight the hypocrisy of the American generals leading the current war on terror. As part of the publicity we did during our Broadway run, Russell invited me to perform on the Montel Williams show. Well, right when I got to the part at the beginning of the poem where I call John Ashcroft and Katherine Harris terrorists, the studio audience went ballistic. A couple of lavender-haired women went flying past me with their walkers at impressive speeds.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Jim KraneAP/Katsumi KasaharaAP/ Lee Jin-manAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From capstrat.comFrom magazines.comAPFrom wwd.com","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Bill Frist Is A “Manipulator”, Says Trent Lott: “I Considered Frist\u0027s Power Grab A Personal Betrayal”…Preemptive PR: The Times Makes the Case for Judy... AgainAn Open E-mail to Karen HughesW stands for Way, Way DownUnmasking George W. BushCrawford BoundCivil Protest Is a Powerful ToolSponstaneous Remission in Cancer –- Part 1Our President and the TruthTony Blair\u0027s First AmendmentCore Deficits: Why Supplying Armor to Troops is Still a ProblemWho Isn\u0027t Afraid of Big Oil?Penguins Kill Intelligent Design TheoryAre the Bush Twins AWOL?Smears \u0026 Attack AdsThe \"Have a Heart\" TrapDay 9 at Camp CaseyTerrorist Threat","h3":"BlogsWal-Mart Profits Rise, But Remain Below Company Expectations...Breaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt…Official: All 153 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash...Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution...Bush Admin., Army Unsure About Iraqi Forces\u0027 Readiness…7.2 Earthquake Hits Japan, 59 Dead... Shakes Tokyo Skyscrapers...Roberts Called Rulings Against School Prayer “Indefensible”...Roberts Scoffed At Equal Pay For Women...Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller...Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”…Iraqi Consitution Impasse Centers Around Federalism, Islam, Resources, Kirkuk...“When People Are Not Truthful … [Fitzgerald] Believes Those People Should Be Punished”...Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”…After Posting $2.2M Bail, Concerns Top GOP Lobbyist Will Flee Country...Radical Right Slams Courts At “Justice Sunday II”, Calls Supremes An “Oligarchy”...Worst Drought Since \u002780s Turns Mississippi And Ohio Rivers Into Sandbars...The Sliming Of Iraq Mom Cindy Sheehan…Commission: Pentagon Overstated Amount Saved By Closing Bases 50 Percent...How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717 Michelle Malkin: 633,1872,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits...News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV...Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%...Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record…NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide…Posh Spice Has Never Read A Book, Including Her Autobiography…See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here...Babies On “No Fly Lists” Stopped At Airports…Yankees Trail Red Sox In Standings, Now In Website Rankings...North Korean News Database: “Over 50 Megabytes Of Hard-Core Stalinist Propaganda”...Maxim Extends Brand To Bedding, Radio... Now Nightclubs...Nationwide Gas Prices Set Another Record High...Sony Exec. On Box Office Slump: “The Summer Did Not Work Out”...Facebook.com To Expand To 2,000 Colleges...Reality TV\u0027s “Gospel Dream 2005”: “You’ll See Satan In Contestants Who Shouldn’t Be There”…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 16 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 16 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP162004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Wash. Post Backs Out Of Co-Sponsoring Pentagon Rally After Staff Revolt… in brief | comments Official: All 153 Passengers Killed In Venezuelan Plane Crash... in brief | comments Major Failure: Iraq Misses Key Deadline To Finish Constitution... in brief | comments AP/Jim Krane Bush Admin., Army Unsure About Iraqi Forces\u0027 Readiness… in brief | comments AP/Katsumi Kasahara 7.2 Earthquake Hits Japan, 59 Dead... Shakes Tokyo Skyscrapers... in brief | comments Roberts Called Rulings Against School Prayer “Indefensible”... in brief | comments Roberts Scoffed At Equal Pay For Women... in brief | comments AP/ Lee Jin-man Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: John Bolton\u0027s Visit To Judy Miller... in brief | comments Bush: “It’s Also Important For Me To Go On With My Life”… in brief | comments Iraqi Consitution Impasse Centers Around Federalism, Islam, Resources, Kirkuk... in brief | comments “When People Are Not Truthful … [Fitzgerald] Believes Those People Should Be Punished”... in brief | comments Sen. Biden: “The President\u0027s Got To Get Rid Of Rumsfeld”… in brief | comments After Posting $2.2M Bail, Concerns Top GOP Lobbyist Will Flee Country... in brief | comments Radical Right Slams Courts At “Justice Sunday II”, Calls Supremes An “Oligarchy”... in brief | comments Worst Drought Since \u002780s Turns Mississippi And Ohio Rivers Into Sandbars... in brief | comments The Sliming Of Iraq Mom Cindy Sheehan… comments Commission: Pentagon Overstated Amount Saved By Closing Bases 50 Percent... in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Ratings For Political Blogs... Progressive: Daily Kos: 3,836,836 Democratic Underground: 1,563,608 Raw Story: 1, 053,974 Conservative: Instapundit: 916,976 Little Green Footballs: 744,717 Michelle Malkin: 633,187 in brief | comments From capstrat.com 2,646 Post-It Note Tribute To Elvis Generating Millions Of Web Hits... in brief | comments News Corp. Names Roger Ailes Chairman Of Fox TV... in brief | comments From magazines.com Celeb Mag Circulation Skyrockets, In Touch Up 50%... in brief | comments Gas Jumped 18 Cents Last Week, Sets 15-Year Record… in brief | comments NBC Is Pinching Its Pennies Amid Ratings Slide… in brief | comments AP Posh Spice Has Never Read A Book, Including Her Autobiography… in brief | comments From wwd.com See Rupert Murdoch\u0027s Liquid Diet Here... in brief | comments Wal-Mart Profits Rise, But Remain Below Company Expectations... in brief | comments Babies On “No Fly Lists” Stopped At Airports… in brief | comments Yankees Trail Red Sox In Standings, Now In Website Rankings... in brief | comments North Korean News Database: “Over 50 Megabytes Of Hard-Core Stalinist Propaganda”... in brief | comments Maxim Extends Brand To Bedding, Radio... Now Nightclubs... in brief | comments Nationwide Gas Prices Set Another Record High... in brief | comments Sony Exec. On Box Office Slump: “The Summer Did Not Work Out”... in brief | comments Facebook.com To Expand To 2,000 Colleges... in brief | comments Reality TV\u0027s “Gospel Dream 2005”: “You’ll See Satan In Contestants Who Shouldn’t Be There”… in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050816153814,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
