{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaI’m starting a new feature: “Boswell Blogging.\" Time and time again when I’m out and about, someone says something interesting that I want to pass on to you. That’s when I’ll BozBlog. It happened yesterday over lunch with Arthur Schlesinger. So Dr. Schlesinger will be the first to take on the role of quotable Dr. Johnson, with me playing the part of his trusty scribe. “What Korea was to Truman, and Vietnam was to LBJ, Iraq will be to George W. Bush,” Dr. S. told me. In all three cases, the public grew weary of a drawn out war with no end in sight. History shows that there is nothing sacrosanct about wartime presidents. There is no guaranteed immunity for them.Like LBJ with Vietnam, Bush appears to be losing touch both with reality and with the sentiments of a growing majority of Americans. But, unlike Johnson, he seems strangely unaffected by the disconnect. Perhaps because he’s so convinced that God put him there. That He saved him from drinking and drugs so he could spread democracy in Iraq. But a combination of hubris and incompetence -- always a dangerous cocktail -- could well be his undoing. Unlike Truman and Johnson, he doesn’t have any more elections to lose -- but his party does. If only the Democrats would find their voice on the subject as 2006 approaches.READ MORE06.11.2005 Norm OrnsteinTom DeLay was outdistanced for the title of biggest embarrassment on Capitol Hill by the new leader and likely champion in that area, Jim Sensenbrenner. For those who don\u0027t follow the ins and outs of Washington, Sensenbrenner is the tall, round-faced chair of the House Judiciary Committee. He is also obdurate, nasty and a bully.read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 Rep. John F. TierneyAs the country struggles to bear the human toll of this war, it must also deal with the financial cost. To date, the U.S. Congress has approved more than $300 billion for funding for a seemingly endless conflict. To this end, I have offered a bipartisan bill, with my colleague Congressman Jim Leach (R-IA), to reestablish the \"Truman Committee,\" which would ensure that American tax dollars are being judiciously spent in Iraq and Afghanistan.read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Deborah RappaportLast year, a second grade teacher could spend a few hours a month learning the newest methods of teaching math to children with widely varying abilities and talents. This year, that same teacher has to spend those same hours plus many, many more making sure her students know how to take a multiple choice test on math facts she hasn’t had time to teach them yet. How are children being served by teachers who don’t have time to plan lessons that will engage them and make them want to come to school and learn?read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Alex KeyssarWe should not only close the prison, but we should return Guantanamo in its entirety to the Cubans. It is \"ours\" only because we seized it by force. Ee should recognize that not only in Cuba but throughout Latin America, Guantanamo is known as a symbol of American empire and of mistreatment of our hemispheric neighbors. What a delightfully positive (if unlikely) step it would be for the United States to announce that it was not only closing the detention center but returning Guantanamo itself to the country to which it rightfully belongs. Now that might be a way of turning a page in history...read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Paul FeigMany years ago I was a working actor and appeared in several TV commercials. And one of those was for Carl\u0027s Jr. Carl was a very religious guy, so much so that he handed out anti-abortion pamphlets on the set, as well as other religious literature. So, having switched on the TV the other day to see Paris Hilton writhing around half-naked with a hose while basically having oral sex with a Carl\u0027s Jr. hamburger, I had to wonder if Carl was still in charge of the company.read whole post | permalink | comments06.11.2005 Michael SmerconishI spoke to Debra Burlingame yesterday, and my heart hasn’t stopped racing since. She’s the sister of Charles F. “Chic” Burlingame, III, who was piloting American Airlines flight 77 when he was murdered by terrorists who then crashed into the Pentagon. Debra Burlingame is also the person who blew the lid off the planned International Freedom Center at Ground Zero. Prediction: her coming forward and energizing of Americans will kill current plans for the IFC -- as it should...read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 Harry ShearerAll winter long, MSNBC -- home of a quarter million regular viewers nationwide -- ran elaborately produced promos that said \"America\u0027s watching MSNBC.\" America was so not watching MSNBC that Osama Bin Laden was rumored to be hiding out on the set of \"Scarborough Country.\" Yesterday, the channel was awash with promos for Chris Matthews\u0027 \"Hardball,\" whereon Russell Crowe was supposed to be \"breaking his silence\" on the (cough) incident in New York. Might that be the same silence he broke on Letterman the night before?read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Nellie BDo drug busts count in the \"war on terror\"? They do when it\u0027s President Bush doing the counting. There was no shortage of coverage of the president\u0027s speech supporting extension of the Patriot Act, and his claim that the law was instrumental to \"charge more than 400 people in terrorism investigations since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and convict more than half.\" Nobody asked for particulars of that 400, but CJR Daily managed to dig up a relevant story from May in the Des Moines Register.read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Justin RaimondoThe deaths of Captain Phillip T. Esposito and Lieutenant Louis E. Allen, on Tuesday, near Tikrit, may be the definitive argument in favor of the view that this war is another Vietnam -- or worse. A report by CNN, just out, notes \"the U.S. Army disclosed that it is conducting a \u0027criminal investigation\u0027 into [their} deaths.....The Army is looking at a number of scenarios, including accidental death, attack by an intruder or infiltrator -- and fragging, which is the killing or wounding of a fellow soldier.\"read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 Karen FinleyThe Jackson Five provided a message that was comfortable for White America, a powerless child-speak that America could support without fear of losing White dominance. The J5 were Black males with no political agenda except fame, class and economic power. Buying into capitalism and keeping quiet on social issues would be rewarded. The Jackson Five was before the Huxtables, before Public Enemy, before Oprah.read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 Scott McConnellThere is no antiwar movement to speak of on the campuses, in the streets, or in Congress—this for a war far more misguided than Vietnam. Howard Dean–who has hardly smoothed his rough edges—now never speaks about the war, perhaps a testament to its popularity among his party’s major donors. Without an antiwar movement, Bush will keep pushing. He’s in his own bubble of righteousness, and the skeptics in his cabinet and the military have been purged.read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Andrea Batista SchlesingerToo often, the left operates in silos. There are the people who work on health care, and those who focus on economic development, and the environment, and voting rights, and too often, we operate in isolation from each other. We need to challenge those tired orthodoxies.read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Hooman MajdAn Iranian would only make the claim that Iran is supporting a Sunni insurgency to someone he knows is ignorant of the scale of Shia-Sunni enmity; apparently a gullible congressman will do fine.read whole post | permalink | comments06.10.2005 Christie HefnerDr. Mardge Cohen has done something miraculous by establishing a women\u0027s HIV clinic in Rwanda, working with a number of Rwandan women\u0027s groups and the Ministry of Public Health. What makes this work especially powerful to me, is that the women being provided care are those who were infected by rape during the genocide ten years ago. We in the U.S. and Europe turned our backs on Rwanda then -- we must not let it happen again.read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 Danielle Crittenden“Where’d you get your mullet?” Red Staters like receiving compliments from their politicians so long as they do not suspect they are being condescended to: saying “I like your mullet (or tattoo or new pick-up)” is less effective than asking where they got it, which implies you want one just like it...read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Bree WalkerWe are about to watch a President veto what just might be the most productive scientific health care breakthrough the world has ever seen. That he can bring himself to do this in the face of present-day potentials is mindboggling. That he can bring himself to do it in the face of what just might be possible in the future is somewhere beyond that. That he does it in the name of fundamentalist moral values which represent the views only of a distinct minority in this country is one more indicator of the need for the existing majority to coalesce and make its presence felt.read whole post | permalink06.10.2005 John DickerDon’t ask why I was on the Parents Television Council’s website. And please don’t ask why I needed to click the link to their Sex and The City campaign. Just know that I did. And now I\u0027ve got culture war shrapnel embedded in my backside...read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Jonathan AlterMany of the people at Fox are fine journalists and executives. But whomever was assigned to spread the \"dirt\" on me must have noticed that, while disclaimers are often appropriate, in the middle of a satirical piece it would have been unnecessary and ridiculous. They were just trying to shiv someone who had the temerity to make fun of their boss.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"Congress: We Want An Exit Strategy",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowBully for youAccountability for IraqNo Good Idea Left BehindGuantanamo: A Modest ProposalWow, talk about an about-face!Planned Desecration at Ground ZeroLies, Damned Lies, and PromosNews from the HeartlandThe Return of \"Fragging\"?Michael Jackson, About FaceWhere is the Antiwar Movement?Outthinking the RightCurt Weldon’s Wacky World of IntrigueSaving LivesThe Oprah Guide to Red State AmericaStem Cell Research Even Pro-Lifers Can LoveSex \u0026 The City: Secular Filth and Hot! Hot! Hot!Fox, Watergate and Intimidation Journalism","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming ReportsDean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027\u0027Meth Mouth\u0027 Ravages Teeth Across Rural America ...Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 ScientologyThe Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ...Porn On The Menu At Annual President\u0027s DinnerWal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ...Citigroup To Pay $2B In Enron SuitGovt Prosecutors Getting Smoked By Big TobaccoBig Troubles At Johnson \u0026 Johnson...UK Study Links Ibuprofen With Heart AttacksToday Show To Admit To Big Mistake, Sort Of ...Israel May Use Sound Weapon On Settlers...Army Responds To Tillman Family\u0027s Cries Of Cover-Up...Court Battle To Keep Strippers Within ReachSexual Predators Cost Catholic Church $1B And Counting ...Tulsa Zoo: God Created Animals ...Atrios: Fox News Ignores Americans Dead In Iraq ...Fox News Brawls With The Washington Post\u0027s Mark LeibovichFox News Slimes Newsweek\u0027s Jonathan AlterAnd Now A Republican Senator Says Shut Down Gitmo…G8 Agree To $55B Debt Write-Off For Poor NationsAfleet Alex Is First Over The Line At BelmontBedlam At Patriot Act Hearing ...Arlene Weakens After Causing Damage To Gulf CoastArmy Recruiting More High School Dropouts To Meet GoalsBush\u0027s Job Approval Ratings Sink To Lowest Level YetBush Dismisses Civil Liberties On Tour To Push Beefed-Up Permanent Patriot ActNASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic CluesBeware The Charity Wristband Con ...Jesse Helms: Integration Forced By ‘Outside Agitators Who Had Their Own Agendas’Pope: Immorality Leads To AIDS In AfricaRumsfeld Backtracking Yet AgainMichael Eisner, Going Out Like a MouseReal-Life \u0027Spiderman\u0027 Scales 62-Story Skyscraper, Police Waiting At TopBritish Bus Company Harnesses Power Of Sheep Urine...180,000 Dead In Darfur: Peace Talks Resume After 6 Month BreakNielsen Decides More People Are Watching TV, Not Less ...Bolton May Have Misused Classified IntelligenceSee Bolton Rip The UN","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 12 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 12 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL122004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Resigns: Bush Environmental Chief Who Doctored Global Warming Reports in brief | comments Dean:\u0027People Want Us To Fight\u0027 in brief | comments \u0027Meth Mouth\u0027 Ravages Teeth Across Rural America ... in brief | comments Cruise: Katie \u0027Digs\u0027 Scientology in brief | comments The Other Deep Throat Unveiled In England ... in brief | comments Porn On The Menu At Annual President\u0027s Dinner in brief | comments Wal-Mart PR Man Responsible For Nazi Ad Resigns ... in brief | comments Citigroup To Pay $2B In Enron Suit in brief | comments Govt Prosecutors Getting Smoked By Big Tobacco in brief | comments Big Troubles At Johnson \u0026 Johnson... in brief | comments UK Study Links Ibuprofen With Heart Attacks in brief | comments Today Show To Admit To Big Mistake, Sort Of ... in brief | comments Israel May Use Sound Weapon On Settlers... in brief | comments Army Responds To Tillman Family\u0027s Cries Of Cover-Up... in brief | comments Court Battle To Keep Strippers Within Reach in brief | comments Sexual Predators Cost Catholic Church $1B And Counting ... comments Tulsa Zoo: God Created Animals ... comments Atrios: Fox News Ignores Americans Dead In Iraq ... in brief | comments Fox News Brawls With The Washington Post\u0027s Mark Leibovich in brief | comments Fox News Slimes Newsweek\u0027s Jonathan Alter Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette And Now A Republican Senator Says Shut Down Gitmo… in brief | comments G8 Agree To $55B Debt Write-Off For Poor Nations in brief | comments Afleet Alex Is First Over The Line At Belmont in brief | comments Bedlam At Patriot Act Hearing ... in brief | comments Arlene Weakens After Causing Damage To Gulf Coast in brief | comments Army Recruiting More High School Dropouts To Meet Goals in brief | comments Bush\u0027s Job Approval Ratings Sink To Lowest Level Yet in brief | comments Bush Dismisses Civil Liberties On Tour To Push Beefed-Up Permanent Patriot Act in brief | comments NASA To Fire Rocket At Comet: July 4 Fireworks, Cosmic Clues in brief | comments Beware The Charity Wristband Con ... in brief | comments Jesse Helms: Integration Forced By ‘Outside Agitators Who Had Their Own Agendas’ in brief | comments Pope: Immorality Leads To AIDS In Africa in brief | comments Rumsfeld Backtracking Yet Again in brief | comments Michael Eisner, Going Out Like a Mouse in brief | comments Real-Life \u0027Spiderman\u0027 Scales 62-Story Skyscraper, Police Waiting At Top in brief | comments British Bus Company Harnesses Power Of Sheep Urine... in brief | comments 180,000 Dead In Darfur: Peace Talks Resume After 6 Month Break in brief | comments Nielsen Decides More People Are Watching TV, Not Less ... in brief | comments Bolton May Have Misused Classified Intelligence in brief | comments See Bolton Rip The UN comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":0,"second":24},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
