{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Matt Dunham07.08.2005 Arianna HuffingtonDon’t you love the way many in the media are trying to spin the London bombings? Instead of focusing on the bloody deconstruction of Bush’s “fight them there so we don’t have to fight them here” strategy, they are using it to promote Bush’s failing agenda. For instance, there was Stuart Varney on Fox, making the case that what happened in London “puts the number one issue right back on the front burner right at the point where all these world leaders are meeting. It takes global warming off the front burner. It takes African aid off the front burner.” So, Stuart, when exactly did global warming become a front-burner issue and the war on terror a back-burner one? Was it after the vice president spent the entire campaign trying to convince voters that another terrorist attack in America was imminent?The London bombings will not make global warming go away. The London bombings will not make the crises in Africa go away. They also won’t make it okay for Bush to appoint right-wing extremists to the Supreme Court or make his plan to privatize Social Security acceptable or make John Bolton a good choice for the UN. And they sure as hell don’t make Bush\u0027s lack of a plan for Iraq any less of a disaster for America.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Mabel McKeownWhen I woke up this morning, I felt that the mood in London had changed quite dramatically in a positive way. My friend came over to the house, and we decided, in order to rid ourselves of the anger and confusion we were feeling, we were going to get dressed up in proper clothes and re-claim our city. I decided that a pink skirt and ballet shoes were just right to parade in, and we took the tubes and the buses through London. We made sure to avoid the side streets now and proudly walked along the bus routes, being sure to salute the buses, in a distinctly un-British, smiley, uninhibited manner. We took our city back and looked at the place just as we have always seen it, as our home and a place to be hugely proud of.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Bertis DownsWe have had an interesting week here in London, from the amazing experience that was Live 8 last week, to Wednesday\u0027s excitement accompanying the city\u0027s winning of the 2012 Summer Olympic Games, to the devastation and sadness of yesterday\u0027s tube and bus bombings. Yet, through it all, London goes on. It remains unshakable, confident, sprawling, determined. There is a spirit and a soul here not found in other places, a remarkable spirit that makes London so special and civilized, even when things go terribly wrong like yesterday.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Deepak ChopraIn a very real way we are all part of the London tragedy. Everyone is caught in the tangled web of social injustice, economic disparities, ecological disaster, war, and terrorism. Unless we accept this fact, we will continue with our madness of an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Bill ScherHere’s a crazy idea for how the UK and the US could respond to the July 7 terror attack: get Osama bin Laden. Conveniently, our CIA chief says he has “an excellent idea where he is.” CNN, the BBC and others reported that his full remarks suggested he thinks Osama is in Pakistan. What’s stopping us? Pakistan, our “ally,” doesn’t allow US troops to enter its country in pursuit of terrorists. Bush needs to be asked the question: why do you continue to give Pakistan veto power over our national security?read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Josh SilverIt is during crises like London that we are reminded why the US public has a profoundly limited analysis and understanding of world politics and causalities of events such as these. Our fellow citizens’ view of the world is a reflection of the information we receive, and if you’re like the 58% of Americans who get their primary information from TV, you won’t know that US policy is spawning, rather than decreasing terrorism. Indeed, you won’t know about most issues that are not on the White House talking points or are not of interest to the top 50% of wage earners targeted by corporate media and their advertisers.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Hooman MajdWhile Tony Blair is right to say that we cannot let the terrorists win, shouldn’t we at least know or recognize what a win to them is? Terror should never be rewarded, but what if what the terrorist wants is what is right? What if what is a ‘win’ to the terrorist is what is right? Do we refuse to comply simply because the terrorist has acted? If you are a Briton, do you believe in the Iraq war? Do you believe in Britain’s continued part in the occupation? One has to wonder if the relatives of those who perished and were injured today feel quite the same way.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Irshad ManjiThe London transit bombings happened on a Thursday. Islam\u0027s holiest day of the week is Friday. That\u0027s when the most important sermons -- known as khutbas -- are delivered in mosques everywhere. Assuming we\u0027re serious that Islam means peace, we must demand that our Friday khutbas denounce the London terrorist explosions in unambiguous and unqualified terms. Here\u0027s what I predict will happen instead. The preachers will express condolences for the victims and condemnations of the criminals. Then they\u0027ll add, \"But Britain should have never invited this kind of response by joining America in the invasion of Iraq.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Thomas de Zengotita\"Better there than here\" will still work in some contexts. The thing to watch, though, the real barometer, is the \"It\u0027s time for Iraqis themselves to shoulder the burden\" theme. That\u0027s already out there among those who want a date certain for withdrawal, as a rational tactic. But it hasn\u0027t taken root as a mood. When Bushites start to say, in effect, \"Well, we\u0027ve done everything we can for them and they still won\u0027t defend their own country, the ingrates\"—that\u0027s when we\u0027ll know the worm has turned...read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 David SirotaMedia Matters points out that Fox News\u0027 top anchorman, Brit Hume, gave us a glimpse into just how cynical, greedy and disgusting the right-wing\u0027s outlook on the world is: \"My first thought when I heard - just on a personal basis, when I heard there had been this attack and I saw the futures this morning, which were really in the tank, I thought, \u0027Hmmm, time to buy.\u0027\" 7/7/05read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Kathryn IrelandThis morning I woke up to one of my best friends in a complete panic. We were to have breakfast, but her teenage daughter was interning at the British Museum, and she had just heard of \"the power surge\" that had occurred. I assured her it would be fine, but something told me it wasn\u0027t. I turned on the TV to hear that it wasn\u0027t only the tube, but a bomb on a bus. This was reported on Sky, and going back and forth from channel to channel we were getting all of these conflicting reports -- in fact what no one realized was that there were multiple attacks.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 David CornWith the Miller and Cooper cases resolved, we will be left with no new tea leaves to read. Fitzgerald\u0027s investigation will proceed under the cloak of secrecy that covers (or is supposed to cover) all federal criminal probes. So while it\u0027s been an exciting time for anyone yearning for details about Fitzgerald\u0027s work or for anyone wishing ill for Rove, those days may be over, as the investigation, like a submarine that occasionally has to surface, dives back into the deep, dark water. Let\u0027s hope this vessel does spring a leak or two.read whole post | permalink | comments07.08.2005 Deanne StillmanRush Limbaugh has turned Guantanamo Bay into a fraternity prank - which is no surprise because that\u0027s how he characterized the torture of prisoners at Abu Ghraib. In case you\u0027ve missed the latest hijinx, he\u0027s selling a line of Club Gitmo items such as T-shirts, mugs, and caps with guffaw-producing slogans like \"Your Tropical Retreat from the Stress of Jihad,\" \"I got my free Koran and prayer rug at Gitmo,\" and \"What happens in Gitmo stays in Gitmo.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Norm OrnsteinIt is time for the Huffington Post to launch a competition for the most memorable lines in political history. At lunch today, the discussion turned to Marion Barry, and I reminisced about a key element of his enduring legacy: \"The bitch set me up.\" It won\u0027t make number one on the list; my first-cut candidate there is \"I am not a crook.\" \"It all depends on the meaning of the word is\" will be somewhere up there.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Jay RosenI, for one, have had it with Robert Novak. And if all the journalists who are talking today about \"chilling effects\" and individual conscience mean what they say, they will, as a matter of conscience and pride, start giving Novak himself the big chill. If Novak says he can\u0027t talk until the case is over, then he shouldn\u0027t be allowed to publish or opine on the air until the case is over. He should know the rage some of his colleagues feel.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Randall RobinsonA few years ago, I was part of a delegation that met in Rome with Pope John Paul II to seek his support for broad debt relief to African countries. As the visibly ailing pope struggled to receive all twenty or so in our party individually, Mr. Bono, unbidden, shoved a pair of pink sunglasses onto the pontiff’s contorted face. Though no members of the working press were in the room, it was widely reported on the day following our meeting that “the Pope grabbed Bono’s trademark wraparound sunglasses and put them on.” Nothing could have been further from what, revealingly, really happened. I could not know then how prophetic Bono’s crude, ill-chosen gesture would one day prove to be.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Craig CrawfordIs President Bush testing the waters while across the Atlantic? Fueling rumors he\u0027ll pick Attorney General Alberto Gonzales for Supreme Court: \"I don\u0027t like it when a friend gets criticized. I\u0027m loyal to my friends. All of a sudden this fellow, who is a good public servant and a really fine person, is under fire. And so, do I like it? No, I don\u0027t like it, at all.\" -- Bush to reporters in Copenhagen, Denmark.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Eugene VolokhAs a matter of law and of morality, it\u0027s perfectly proper to keep an enemy soldier detained until he is no longer dangerous to us, even if that means he\u0027ll be locked up for the rest of his life. It\u0027s that; killing them on the battlefield; or letting them go so they can kill us.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Jann WennerAmid all the optimism surrounding Blair, Bono \u0026 Geldolf doing Live 8 and G 8, and the award of that most wonderful and pacific of international institutions and global brotherhood -- the Olympics -- what a grim thing to have happened. Violence rarely gets us anywhere; the PLO, the IRA, the SLA, among others have achieved so little with their terrorism. If the London bombings are the work of an Al Qaeda offshoot, then you have to fairly say, in the same way we condemn other\u0027s terror, this is in part the result of Bush\u0027s War on Iraq.read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 James P. RubinHaving always heard about the British behavior during the German bombing of London, the so-called “blitz,” I wondered what would happen today after news broke of the four bombs in the London subway and buses. Sure enough, there was no panic. There was even some stoic humor from the thousands who had to walk as public transportation ground to a halt. Of course, this was not the World Trade Center in scale, in scope, or in the horror. But still, it would have been easy for people to panic or evacuate the city. Instead just a mile from the bomb sites, normal life went on...read whole post | permalink | comments07.07.2005 Simon JenkinsNothing is achieved by responding to such terrorism in the way the terrorist most wants, by behaving differently. The terrorist most wants people to stop using the Tube. The terrorist wants tourists to stay away from the central area. The terrorist wants Londoners to remain at home, stop working, haul their children out of school. The terrorist wants shops and theatres to suffer, the Stock Market to crash, the Olympic spirit to fade. The terrorist wants everyone to feel perpetually terrorized, to look askance at every Arab faces and dress, to overreact, cut and run for cover from the world.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Lefteris PitarakisGetty/ Chip SomodevillaAP/Jose Luis MaganaAP Photo/Kathy WillensHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Sakchai LalitAP/Doug DreyerAP/George Widman","h1":"Death Toll Expected To Rise Above 50...",".title":"","h2":"Approve the Bush Agenda... or the Terrorists Win!Reclaiming LondonThere Will Always Be A London, I HopeThe Answer Is Still PeaceWhy Does Pakistan Have A Veto Over Our National Security?London: The Media Fail Again7/7Muslims Face a Test TodayRewrite PredictionsBrit Hume Goes On TV \u0026 Says He Wants to Profit Off the Terrorist AttackI Was in London This MorningTime for Rove Withdrawal?Rush Limbaugh\u0027s Strange Purpose-Driven LifeAnnouncing a New ContestTime for Robert Novak to Feel Some ChillLive-8 in PerspectiveIs It Gonzales?Detention of Enemy CombatantsLondon: What a Grim Thing to Have HappenedThe View from an American in LondonLondon Is Not To Be Terrified by Anyone","h3":"London Bombs Simple, Could Be Made By “Any Crook”...Families, Friends Search For Missing Loved Ones...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq...Rove Tight-Lipped On Role In Plame Case...Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted...Walt Disney Co., Disgruntled Disney Heir Call Truce...Bush Wants Lobbyist, $20M In TV Ads To Push Court Nominee...No Action On Global Warming After G8...Hurricane Lashes Cuba With 150 Mph Winds...New Bush Admin. Rules Will Withhold AIDS Groups\u0027 Funding…Baseball, Softball Get Bumped From 2012 Olympics...In Death, The Rich Feel Less Pain Than The Poor…Harrison Ford’s At The Door With Your Amazon.com Delivery…Saddam\u0027s Chief Lawyer Quits, Conflicts With Americans On Defense Team...Bremer Kept $600M Undocumented Iraq Slush Fund...NBC Loses Its Youth...$25K For A Round Of Golf With DeLay…Poll: 73% Of Americans Say US Should “Participate” In Kyoto...Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over”Think Your Mate Is Cheating? For $110 You Can Find Out...Wanted: A New Issue For Jeb Bush...Fox\u0027s Brit Hume: “When I Heard There Had Been This Attack And I Saw The Futures This Morning... I Thought, \u0027Hmmm, Time To Buy”German Company Gives Mount Rushmore Presidents A Facial...MTV Will Do-Over Live 8 Show Without Interuptions...The Chocolate Factory Meets Neverland Ranch…“Not Only Youngsters But Many Grown-Ups Are Sex Idiots”…Group Calls For DeLay Bribery Investigation...Largest U.S. Power Generator Taken To Court...Govt. Changes Definition Of “Terror,” Statistics Shift Dramatically…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 9 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 9 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG92004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Italy Will Pull Troops Out Of Iraq... in brief | comments Getty/ Chip Somodevilla Rove Tight-Lipped On Role In Plame Case... in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: The One Very Good Reason Rove Might Be Indicted... in brief | comments Walt Disney Co., Disgruntled Disney Heir Call Truce... in brief | comments Bush Wants Lobbyist, $20M In TV Ads To Push Court Nominee... in brief | comments No Action On Global Warming After G8... in brief | comments AP/Jose Luis Magana Hurricane Lashes Cuba With 150 Mph Winds... in brief | comments New Bush Admin. Rules Will Withhold AIDS Groups\u0027 Funding… in brief | comments AP Photo/Kathy Willens Baseball, Softball Get Bumped From 2012 Olympics... in brief | comments In Death, The Rich Feel Less Pain Than The Poor… in brief | comments Harrison Ford’s At The Door With Your Amazon.com Delivery… in brief | comments Saddam\u0027s Chief Lawyer Quits, Conflicts With Americans On Defense Team... in brief | comments Bremer Kept $600M Undocumented Iraq Slush Fund... in brief | comments NBC Loses Its Youth... in brief | comments $25K For A Round Of Golf With DeLay… in brief | comments Poll: 73% Of Americans Say US Should “Participate” In Kyoto... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over” in brief | comments Think Your Mate Is Cheating? For $110 You Can Find Out... in brief | comments AP/Sakchai Lalit Wanted: A New Issue For Jeb Bush... in brief | comments Fox\u0027s Brit Hume: “When I Heard There Had Been This Attack And I Saw The Futures This Morning... I Thought, \u0027Hmmm, Time To Buy” in brief | comments AP/Doug Dreyer German Company Gives Mount Rushmore Presidents A Facial... in brief | comments AP/George Widman MTV Will Do-Over Live 8 Show Without Interuptions... in brief | comments The Chocolate Factory Meets Neverland Ranch… in brief | comments “Not Only Youngsters But Many Grown-Ups Are Sex Idiots”… in brief | comments Group Calls For DeLay Bribery Investigation... in brief | comments Largest U.S. Power Generator Taken To Court... in brief | comments Govt. Changes Definition Of “Terror,” Statistics Shift Dramatically… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":32,"second":55},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
