{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"06.27.2005 Arianna Huffington \u0026 Yahoo’s Scott MooreScott: Arianna, welcome to Yahoo! [details] (we like that exclamation point after “Yahoo” btw). Just to kick this off, tell me why you decided to start the Huffington Post?Arianna: First things first: we like that exclamation point, too! I’ve been a huge fan of the blogosphere for a while now. I love the passion and the immediacy of blogging. And it struck me that while many of the most interesting things happening in our culture were happening online, many of the most interesting people I knew were not taking part. The Huffington Post group blog was an answer to that.Scott: I’ve been at Yahoo! a grand total of 8 weeks. Yahoo! today is literally at the intersection of Silicon Valley techno-culture and Hollywood media. Both camps are simultaneously intrigued and repelled. I expect we’ll produce beautiful children eventually, but the mating rituals can be awkward.Arianna: My theory is that you should go ahead, hop into bed, follow that passion… then work out who does the dishes and who takes out the trash later! And speaking of mating rituals, I love that we are the first blog you’ve had on Yahoo! They say you never forget your first!Scott: As a new Angelino, what three things do I need to keep in mind to survive, thrive and achieve bliss on the beach? In Seattle there’s a coffee shop on every corner. Here, there are yoga studios. Is yoga the answer to life?Arianna: Bliss on the Beach, is that a new cocktail? I personally think the answer to life in LA is doing yoga while watching Meet the Press, then posting your comments to our weekly Russert Watch blog. That’s how I spend my Sunday mornings. You should join me next week… I promise you’ll love the combination of Downward Facing Dog and Bending Over Backwards Russert. And at $20 a class, yoga is actually cheaper than coffee around here.Scott: I really love the fact that you’re bringing new voices into the blogosphere. In fact, one of the reasons we wanted to host Huffington Post blogs was that your roster doesn’t include the usual tired suspects. But why have a blog with celebrities -- don\u0027t they have enough outlets to say what they want to say? We know what Tom Cruise has to say about psychiatry!Arianna: Yes, but wouldn’t you love to hear what Larry David has to say about what Tom Cruise has to say about psychiatry? Or Norman Mailer? Or David Mamet? Or Mike Nichols? Plus, we’re bringing you these people unfiltered, unedited, uncensored, unrehearsed, unpredictable -- and in real time. It’s a No Publicists Zone.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Walter ShapiroThere is no better gauge to the political realities behind a war-time address than the rhetorical questions the president feels compelled to pose. When the Commander in Chief has to ask, \"Is the sacrifice worth it?\" you can intuit that the war has not been a glorious success.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Paul KrassnerI decided to watch Bush speak on ABC, but there was a commercial for a movie, so I thought I had the wrong channel. The movie was “Empire,” so it was appropriate after all. The all-military audience didn’t applaud Bush’s entrance, nor did they applaud his applause lines, except for the one where Bush said that U.S. troops wouldn’t leave Iraq until we won. I hope I didn’t miss anything while I ran to get my calendar... He is our Cheerleader-in-Chief.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Larry DavidIf they hate Hollywood so much, maybe they should just start making their own movies and TV shows. In fact, we should just split into two different countries. Then, after our stem cell research gives us the cure for all these diseases, they’ll all be trying to get across the border for our medicine, but our minutemen won’t let them. And we’ll have a lot of minutemen. I think I’ll be a minuteman. “Sorry, but our scientists worked very hard to come up with a cure for Parkinson’s and there’s only enough medicine for our people. So beat it.\" ...Well there’s only one way I can get to sleep now. It always works. Sure, wake her up. That’s just what every Jewish woman wants. Sex in the middle of the night. Go ahead. This I want to see.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Rep. Charles RangelAs we\u0027re waiting for the President\u0027s speech, I\u0027m telling you -- as an American with a heavy heart -- that this war is going to get much worse. Even some of the hawkish members of Congress are disheartened. The President\u0027s going to say that if you don\u0027t support the war, you\u0027re against the troops. That\u0027s nothing but politics. He doesn\u0027t believe that Americans are entitled to know how we got into the war, and refuses to reveal how he plans to get out. The President is like a person in a dark room feeling the walls for the light. We want to make certain that the President tells us what he is doing, and we won\u0027t agree to anything less.permalink | comments06.28.2005 John ZogbyIn many ways, this season of discontent resembles 1992, when voters turned on another President Bush. But the more apt comparison may not be 1992, but the period immediately following World War Two. Back then, the returning veterans rejected ideological dreamers and wanted a strong dose of realism in their leaders. The veterans who entered politics -- best represented by John F. Kennedy and Richard M. Nixon, both of whom won House seats in 1946 -- were moderate and pragmatic. Both men captured the “Vital Center,” a phrase coined by historian Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. to describe the emergence of an era where winners extolled their management skills and downplayed any ideological predilections.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Paul RieckhoffMr. President, we don’t need to be told that the insurgents intend to shake our will, because we’ve sifted through the havoc wreaked by even the crudest weapons, then watched our friends sent home, changed forever. We don’t need to be told that your administration is committed to taking care of the Troops, because we’ve already gotten the bill you sent us for the meals we ate while recovering at Walter Reed. We don’t need to be told that flak jackets and safer Humvees are on the way, because we’ve already learned that a phone-call home and a few hundred bucks is probably the quickest way to get body armor.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Jamie CourtIn a salute to George Orwell -- whose birthday passed on Saturday -- President Bush is poised to sign the Junk Fax Protection Act, legislation which in fact allows for more junk faxing. All junk faxers have to do is claim they had a prior business relationship with you and they can fax away. So if you\u0027ve ever flown an airline, it can fax you about those cheap seats to Cancun.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Richard BradleyLike Larry David, I often don\u0027t sleep well. My nightime soliloquies are slightly different, though....Tomorrow: pay bills. Mortage. Maintenance. Health insurance. Definitely health insurance. Car insurance. Car payment. Home owner\u0027s insurance. I\u0027ll bet Larry David doesn\u0027t have to worry about that. Plus, his wife is hot. Smart, too. Electric bill. Phone bill. Cable bill. Credit cards. American Express. Visa. Be nice to be able to give more money to charity. Do you really need that HBO? If you keep thinking about this stuff, you\u0027re never going to get to sleep. I wonder where my ex-girlfriend is now...read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Jay RosenMailer\u0027s writings were important to me because they sustained the illusion that journalistic prose could be the most exciting kind of prose. I still believe that, even though it rarely happens. The way Mailer did journalism, something happens to the character in the story, who is also our correspondent on the scene. A truth is revealed, and emotion is restored to events. In Mailer\u0027s best reports, something also happens in the life of the nation.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Timothy NaftaliThe gory details of the FBI\u0027s blunders before 9/11 are revealed in \"A Review of the FBI\u0027s Handling of Intelligence Information Related to the September 11 Attacks,\" a startling document released earlier this month as the result of a defense motion in the Zacharias Moussaoui trial. The report deserves much more attention. Amongst the weeds here are the reasons why citizens should be very skeptical of official descriptions of the health of our counterterrorism system.read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Charlie CrayToday\u0027s Democratic Policy Committee Hearing was another jawdropper. Rory Mayberry, a former manager of Halliburton\u0027s mess halls in Iraq, testified that KBR fed U.S. troops expired food on a daily basis, and fed Turkish and Filipino workers \"leftover food in boxes and garbage bags after the troops ate,\" while using beef, chicken, salads and sodas intended for the troops to cater parties and barbeques for KBR management and employees.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Laurie DavidWhat gives with the Wall Street Journal? It seems like it is suffering from a bad case of journalistic schizophrenia. The paper’s news section has recently featured several important and factually accurate articles about global warming and the spreading of false information by ExxonMobil. But last week the paper ran a lead editorial so filled with lies, misstatements, and moldy, long-discredited theories it’s like the Journal was running a reprint from the early 80s. You could park an elephant in the credibility gap.read whole post | permalink | comments06.28.2005 Kathy FrestonA word or so on relationships. Since I counsel people on how to get into them and then how to navigate them, I tend to hear the same questions come up over and again, so I thought this might be a good place to address them. There seems to be a theme, a common thread which sews together the struggle to get it right. \"How do I find the right guy? Is she the one for me? Is it possible to rekindle the passion we once had? Or do I even want to?\" And finally, \"Is this all there is?\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Tom WatsonAh, the Greatest American. As in Ronald Reagan, our 40th President, who defeated Abe Lincoln, Martin Luther King, Jr., George Washington and Ben Franklin to cop the top spot in the brilliantly conceived contest created by A\u0026E and America Online -- a contest cleverly promoted but clearly rife with voter fraud. How else to explain the triumph of Reagan over two Founding Fathers, one civil rights legend, and the man who saved the Union?read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Bill DiamondSeems to me that concern for the environment just hasn’t reached its tipping point, something that was driven home this morning when I saw the story on the front page of the LA Times about Gov. Schwarzenegger’s plan to spend billions of California’s tax dollars to promote the use of solar power. Well, at the risk of sounding naive, the idea seems like a no-brainer to me, particularly in light of another LA Times piece in the very same edition that pointed out that Saudi Arabia is on the verge of depleting its oil reserves.read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Michelle PileckiWriting about recent shifts in the Roman Catholic Church in an op-ed in Catholic Online, the junior Senator from Pennsylvania says about the recent clergy abuse scandals: \"It is startling that those in the media and academia appear most disturbed by this aberrant behavior, since they have zealously promoted moral relativism by sanctioning \"private\" moral matters such as alternative lifestyles.\" Despite what his detractors may argue, Sen. Santorum is no dummy. And he can be quite charming. But he does have this knack for turning a phrase that turns stomachs.read whole post | permalink | comments06.27.2005 Harry ShearerSunday morning, Donald Rumsfeld made the rounds of the TV yakfests, talking up the war. One of Rumsfeld\u0027s stops was on Meet the Press where, just before going on the air, the old master administered a bit of crucial spin to the host and moderator (and NBC Washington bureau chief). Here\u0027s the video clipread whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"\u0027Is The Sacrifice Worth It?\u0027...Just In: HuffPost First Blog on Yahoo! NewsRhetorical Verdict: A C-Minus SpeechCapsule ReviewThe Roving Thoughts of a Liberal InsomniacThis War Is Going To Get Much WorseThe Lost CenterTroops Respond to President\u0027s Speech -- \"We Need Honest Answers, Not Pep Rallies\"Junk Fax Bush ASAP!Sleeping Poorly with Larry DavidDon\u0027t Be a Blogger Manqué, Norman MailerThe FBI and CounterterrorismWhistleblowers Describe Halliburton\u0027s \"Free Fraud Zone\"The Wall Street Journal\u0027s Global Warming SchizophreniaOn RelationshipsThe Greatest AmericanConvening a Solar PanelRick Makes It EasyRummy Spins Russ","h3":"Journalist Will Serve Jail-Time Before Revealing Source...U.N. Alleges U.S. Detaining Terrorism Suspects On Warships...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Radical Christian Group Protests At Soldiers\u0027 Funerals....Taliban Claims Responsibility For US Helicopter Crash...Is Black-Market Baby Formula Financing Terror?$13B Multinational Nuclear Fusion Reactor Slated For France...NASA Shuttle Mission Set Despite Safety Concerns...Terror Alert Prompted By Faulty Analysis Of Al Jazeera Ticker...After Religious Controversy, Rabbi To Advise Air Force Academy...Saudis Release New List Of Terrorist Suspects...Commandment Decision Opens \u0027New Frontier\u0027 For Preserving \u0027Christian Heritage\u0027...Frist\u0027s Finances Subject Of Federal Election Commission Complaint...Bush Calls Bloodshed In Iraq \u0027Worth It\u0027...Wal-Mart Heir Killed In Plane Crash...Released Guantanamo Detainees Recall Koran Desecration...Report Finds Siegfried \u0026 Roy Tiger Was Not Hungry, No Terrorist Activity...Millitants Upstage Transvestites At Show...Santorum Blames Catholic Sex Scandals On Boston, \u0027Seat Of Academic, Political And Cultural Liberalism\u0027Straw Based Fuel To Power G8 Leaders\u0027 CarsTreasury Secretary Says Record Oil Prices Hurting US Economy...Starbucks To Exclusively Sell Bob Dylan CD...Congressional Payroll Safe From Terrorist Attack...Pentagon Auditors Question Halliburton About $152K \u0027Movie Library Costs,\u0027 $1.5M Tailoring Bill...British Online Poker Site Worth $9.1B...Clinton Visits Bushes In Maine...Bloggers Lobby Against Federal Regulation...\u0027Lord Of The Rings\u0027 Director Claims Underpaid By $100M…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 29 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 29 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL292004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Radical Christian Group Protests At Soldiers\u0027 Funerals.... in brief | comments Taliban Claims Responsibility For US Helicopter Crash... in brief | comments Is Black-Market Baby Formula Financing Terror? in brief | comments $13B Multinational Nuclear Fusion Reactor Slated For France... in brief | comments NASA Shuttle Mission Set Despite Safety Concerns... in brief | comments Terror Alert Prompted By Faulty Analysis Of Al Jazeera Ticker... in brief | comments After Religious Controversy, Rabbi To Advise Air Force Academy... in brief | comments Saudis Release New List Of Terrorist Suspects... in brief | comments Commandment Decision Opens \u0027New Frontier\u0027 For Preserving \u0027Christian Heritage\u0027... in brief | comments Frist\u0027s Finances Subject Of Federal Election Commission Complaint... in brief | comments Bush Calls Bloodshed In Iraq \u0027Worth It\u0027... in brief | comments Wal-Mart Heir Killed In Plane Crash... in brief | comments Released Guantanamo Detainees Recall Koran Desecration... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Report Finds Siegfried \u0026 Roy Tiger Was Not Hungry, No Terrorist Activity... in brief | comments Millitants Upstage Transvestites At Show... in brief | comments Santorum Blames Catholic Sex Scandals On Boston, \u0027Seat Of Academic, Political And Cultural Liberalism\u0027 in brief | comments Straw Based Fuel To Power G8 Leaders\u0027 Cars in brief | comments Treasury Secretary Says Record Oil Prices Hurting US Economy... in brief | comments Starbucks To Exclusively Sell Bob Dylan CD... in brief | comments Congressional Payroll Safe From Terrorist Attack... in brief | comments Pentagon Auditors Question Halliburton About $152K \u0027Movie Library Costs,\u0027 $1.5M Tailoring Bill... in brief | comments British Online Poker Site Worth $9.1B... in brief | comments Clinton Visits Bushes In Maine... in brief | comments Bloggers Lobby Against Federal Regulation... in brief | comments \u0027Lord Of The Rings\u0027 Director Claims Underpaid By $100M… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050629030336,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
