{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaYou see a scandal on the front page of the New York Times and you assume that steps will be taken. Wrongs will be righted. Villains will be brought to justice. You can scratch it off your mental checklist: Done. But time and time and time again that turns out not to be the case. Take Wednesday’s revelations about how Philip Cooney, an oil-industry lobbyist-turned-White House official, did extensive re-write work on gov’t reports to make it sound as if global warming weren’t really that big a problem -- indeed, that it might not be a problem at all. I guess Michael Crichton was too busy -- or too pricey.Haven’t we seen this story before? On the front page of the New York Times? It was June 2003, when the paper of record reported on how the White House had made so many changes to a section of an EPA report on climate change that Christie Todd Whitman finally threw up her hands and pulled the section on global warming altogether. It was outrageous… and soon forgotten. Another front-page casualty. We can’t let that happen this time -- which is why this is a perfect story for the blogosphere… READ MORE06.09.2005 Jann WennerKarl Rove, Ken Mehlman, and Tom DeLay don’t even have to bother attacking Howard Dean anymore; their work is being done for them by the stalwarts of what’s left of the Democratic Party establishment. Dean says that the Republicans are essentially a party that is by, for, and of the white Christians -- which we all know is fundamentally true -- and all of a sudden we have Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi chiding him. Our guys are doing the work of the so-called GOP Echo Machine.read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Andy SternIt was a rainy day yesterday in San Francisco, but not nearly as dreary a day as it was for workers at General Motors learning about 25,000 good American jobs from the \"GM\" economy heading overseas. On average, jobs leaving America pay $22,457 more than the jobs being created. Tell that to your kid. We are in the midst of the most massive transformation of our economy in history, and there is no road map. But so far the signs along the way are not encouraging.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Rep. Ed MarkeyTuesday, as he dined in the White House, one of British Prime Minister Tony Blair’s main objectives was to convince President Bush to agree to a new international agreement to curb climate change. Unfortunately, it seems that Mr. Blair arrived for dinner about four years too late. Based on documents recently procured, we now know that President Bush relied heavily upon the advice of oil giant Exxon when rejecting the Kyoto agreement.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Scott CarterHow would the Declaration of Independence, for instance, read if Phil Cooney had been able to red-pencil it before the Founding Fathers could post it? Would the headline reference to \"Thirteen United States of America\" been scratched through with the note \"delete Massachusetts, it\u0027s outside the mainstream?\" Would the phrase \"Nature\u0027s God\" have needed an extra dependent clause explaining that what was really meant was the \"God\" of the \"Christian\" right? And would the phrase \"the right of the People\" be scratched out in favor of \"the office of the Vice President?\"read whole post | permalink06.09.2005 Laurie DavidAs Florida braces for what is predicted to be one of the worst hurricane seasons on record (a calamity scientists studying the impact of global warming have seen coming for years), I wonder if Philip A. Cooney will feel any pangs of remorse as the flood waters rise and the roofs go blowing away. Mr. Cooney is the White House official who edited government climate reports to make global warming seem like an uncertainty instead of a scientifically provable reality. I think of him as the Katherine Harris of climate change...read whole post | permalink06.09.2005 Carl PopeThe press is suddenly digging up Cooney\u0027s previous history. There\u0027s a major expose in The Guardian about his collaboration with Myron Ebell of the Competitive Enterprise Institute in undermining EPA Administrator Christy Todd Whitman. Frankly I am amazed. This two-year old story is being covered as if it were fresh. The press could have covered this when Ebell and Cooney first got together, and their joint emails were first released. And all the press yesterday missed Bush\u0027s personal fingerprints in this episode...read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 Chris MooneyNot only has the White House done this before; it has been previously caught in the act for it by Andy Revkin and the Times. So there\u0027s a very long history here, and the current news is just one episode among many. Moreover, despite this long history, and despite repeated complaints from government scientists and whistleblowers, the Bush administration shows no inclination of ceasing to interfere with government climate science on a regular basis. Indeed, it refuses to admit there\u0027s even a problem.read whole post | permalink | comments06.09.2005 David CornAppearing before the Ohio State Highway Patrol Academy today, George W. Bush gave a speech lauding the Patriot Act and calling for its extension and expansion. He did his best to make it seem that all the provisions of the act--and the new ones his administration wants to add to the law--are strictly monitored and controlled by judges. But judges are playing a limited role, and Bush is trying to cut them out of the picture in certain instances. For some reason, he didn\u0027t tell the state highway patrol officers that.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Rob McKayOur President likes to say he’s looking out for working Americans. He must mean those noble proletarians, our butlers, chauffeurs and elite estheticians. I don’t know precisely where I fall among the richest Americans -- somewhere near the top 1 percent -- but I think it’s important that we “people of wealth” start outing ourselves. Charity is not enough. We need to get behind advocates who are working to increase the minimum wage and to force corporations like WalMart to pay a living wage.read whole post | permalink06.09.2005 Paul RieckhoffMilitary recruiting numbers are deep into the Porta-Potty. We have a manpower crisis on our hands. The Army is already 16 percent short of its year-to-date goal. They were short last month by a whopping 42 percent. Let’s break that percentage down. For April, the active-duty Army was short of its target of 6,600 by 3,379. Think about that. 3,379 short. We are at war, we have a population of over 290 million people, and we can’t get 3,379 people to join the fight? Wow. We would have an easier time convincing parents to send their kids to the Neverland ranch for a sleepover party.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Michael O\u0027HanlonDespite all the data, I am as perplexed as ever about where Iraq is headed. In the economic realm, Iraqis today are often wealthier than they were before the invasion. There is more bustle in streets and markets. There is a new stock market that is expanding rapidly and trading billions of shares a month. The Internet has finally arrived in Iraq as well. That said, there are huge problems. Average electrical power availability and the unemployment rate both appear much worse than in Saddam\u0027s day, for example. And the violence has been horrible.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Nellie BThe old news is Iraqi vs. Iraqi. The new news is American vs. American. Marines say that security guards of Zapata Engineering were \"firing at and near civilian cars on the street.\" The Zapata employees say that, once in Marine custody, they were mistreated and taunted with lines like \"How does it feel to be a big, rich contractor now?\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 James BoyceI’m not psychic but I can tell you what’s going to happen in Iraq. Because while I can’t see the future, I’ve gotten better at looking in the rear view mirror. If you study George Bush’s policy reversals, you’ll see that they are so dramatic and quick, they end up working for him. He comes across as decisive as he goes from dumb to dumber and a good portion of America applauds. It’s a beautiful thing to watch. And it just might be Karl Rove’s greatest strength.read whole post | permalink06.09.2005 Jane WellsArianna, as this is the first genocide of the 21st Century, why not keep track of the Darfurian dead, too, and the number of days since President Bush last mentioned Darfur, along with the Iraqi dead, Hollywood politics and Deep Throat?read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Paul KrassnerCoulter and I both played pundit on a short-lived series, The Conspiracy Zone. During a commercial break, I suggested to her that because such conservative figures as Bob Barr and Phyllis Schafley had taken public positions usually ascribed to liberals, the labels “conservative” and “liberal” have become obsolescent, and I asked what she thought might be appropriate substitutes. “Americans and cowards,” she said.read whole post | permalink | comments06.08.2005 Stephanie SandbergHere comes Hillary, which reminds me: what is it, honestly, about her that’s so deeply hateful to the conservative right? She is bright and articulate in a way that comes along rarely in a generation; she’s thoughtful, efficient, political, ambitious, confident, unapologetic, possibly ruthless. She believes in God. Of course her stands on the issues are of her party, but so were Dick Gephardt’s. I don’t believe he was often used to rally the conservative faithful.read whole post | permalink06.08.2005 Joseph NyeWe should not aim for hard or soft power, but to combine the two as a \"smart power.\" That is what we did in the Cold War. Our hard military power helped to deter Soviet aggression while our soft power ate away the basis of communism behind the Iron Curtain. When the Berlin Wall came down, it was under hammers and bulldozers, not artillery. We are failing to make that combination of hard and soft power in the so called \"war on terrorism\". We spend 450 times more on our hard military power than we do on our budget for public diplomacy (including broadcasts and exchanges). If we spent one percent, we would quadruple the expenditure for that particular instrument of soft power.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"Sexual Predators Cost Catholic Church $1B And Counting ...",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowSlamming Dean: The Democratic Establishment Echoes the GOP Echo MachineA Dreary Day at GMBlair Late to the Party: Exxon Gets the Last Word with Bush on KyotoPhil Cooney\u0027s Little Red PencilThe Katherine Harris of Global WarmingBetter Late Than NeverThe Stories Behind the StoryBush, Check Your Briefing Book!Revenge of the Hyper-RichPentagon Hides Horrible Recruiting NumbersMixed Messages on IraqInternecine WarfareHere Come the Republicans to Save the Day. In Iraq.Arianna, Let\u0027s Call a Spade a SpadeGroucho Marx, Ann Coulter and Bob BarrGhosts of Hillary Past?Hard and Soft Power","h3":"BlogsRaw Story: Dems To Hold Hearings On Downing Street MinutesBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworkInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Tulsa Zoo: God Created Animals ...Govt. Told Witnesses To Soften Up On Big TobaccoInternal Docs: White House Official Played Down Emissions\u0027 Links to Global WarmingCall For Crackdown On Public Sector Online Porn Use...UN: Detailed Nuke Bomb Plans Missing...US Withholds UN Dues To Push ReformBush Admin. Says No To Germany\u0027s Security Council BidMajor Repub. Donor Offered Whopping Windfall From Bush Admin. For Land DealRepublican Congressman Says CIA UnfitLimbaugh: Dems Are \u0027More Fearful Of Christians Than They Are Of Al Qaeda\u0027Killer Moths Newest Ally In War On Drugs...$215M Of Ohio Worker\u0027s Fund Lost: Docs Show Gov. Knew, Dems Say \u0027Cover-Up\u0027Gov. Tells Gay Vets.: Get Out Of Texas If You Don\u0027t Like Our LawsMore Trouble For Delay...Googlers Innovate With New Map ServiceBritish Paper: Exxon Had \u0027Active Involvement\u0027 In Shaping Bush Climate PolicyG8 Scientists To Bush In Unprecedented Statement: Act Now - Or Else...Planted WH Reporter Jeff Gannon\u0027s Back With New WebsitePoll: First Time Majority Says Iraq War Has Not Made U.S. SaferRepublican Doctors Campaign Photos With Dean\u0027sFDA Official: New Safety Panel Is \u0027Biased\u0027 And \u0027Cannot Be Trusted\u0027Study: Women\u0027s Orgasms Partly Determined By GenesMore Than 50% of Americans Develop Mental Illness During Their Lives, Says NIHUS to NYC.: Return $44M in Sept. 11 AidSportscaster Bob Costas Hired As Regular \u0027Larry King Live\u0027 SubstituteFan Makes $100K For Watching And Blogging About Dukes Of HazzardBush: Patriot Act Thwarted Terrorists...Ethics Committee Shuts Down Over DeLay ProbeEfforts To Limit Power Of Intelligence Director Negroponte…DC Corporate Love Highest In YearsIs 40 The New 30?Babyface a Losing Look for Politicians600,000 More Millionaires in 2004 ...Report: FAA Inspections Inadequate...Army Likely To Fall Short Of Recruiting GoalsMilitary Investigates US Guards For Shooting At Soldiers And CiviliansScientists Flubbing Facts For Results ...Chimps May Hold Clues To AIDS CureParamount to Proceed with Mission: Impossible III After Tom Cruise Gives in to Studio Demands. New Deal Saves Studio Millions.Did Reader’s Digest Sell Its Soul To The Church Of Scientology To Get Cruise...Homer Honks Go Wild...Simpsons Movie In PreproductionPilots Guilty Of Being Drunk In CockpitGreenberg Quits AIG BoardTo DC Commuters: \u0027Watch, Ride, And Report\u0027Blair Pushes Global Warming And Africa Aid With BushIn California Father And Son Charged With al-Qaida LinkState Abstinence-Education Gives Students False InformationHollywood Foots Bill for Spy CamsMiramax To Release 10 Movies Caught In \u0027Weinstein-Disney Buzz Saw\u0027See Bolton Rip The UN","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 10 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 10 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL102004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Tulsa Zoo: God Created Animals ... in brief | comments Govt. Told Witnesses To Soften Up On Big Tobacco in brief | comments Internal Docs: White House Official Played Down Emissions\u0027 Links to Global Warming comments Call For Crackdown On Public Sector Online Porn Use... in brief | comments UN: Detailed Nuke Bomb Plans Missing... in brief | comments US Withholds UN Dues To Push Reform in brief | comments Bush Admin. Says No To Germany\u0027s Security Council Bid in brief | comments Major Repub. Donor Offered Whopping Windfall From Bush Admin. For Land Deal in brief | comments Republican Congressman Says CIA Unfit in brief | comments Limbaugh: Dems Are \u0027More Fearful Of Christians Than They Are Of Al Qaeda\u0027 in brief | comments Killer Moths Newest Ally In War On Drugs... in brief | comments $215M Of Ohio Worker\u0027s Fund Lost: Docs Show Gov. Knew, Dems Say \u0027Cover-Up\u0027 in brief | comments Gov. Tells Gay Vets.: Get Out Of Texas If You Don\u0027t Like Our Laws in brief | comments More Trouble For Delay... in brief | comments Googlers Innovate With New Map Service in brief | comments British Paper: Exxon Had \u0027Active Involvement\u0027 In Shaping Bush Climate Policy in brief | comments G8 Scientists To Bush In Unprecedented Statement: Act Now - Or Else... in brief | comments Planted WH Reporter Jeff Gannon\u0027s Back With New Website in brief | comments Poll: First Time Majority Says Iraq War Has Not Made U.S. Safer comments Republican Doctors Campaign Photos With Dean\u0027s in brief | comments FDA Official: New Safety Panel Is \u0027Biased\u0027 And \u0027Cannot Be Trusted\u0027 in brief | comments Study: Women\u0027s Orgasms Partly Determined By Genes in brief | comments More Than 50% of Americans Develop Mental Illness During Their Lives, Says NIH comments US to NYC.: Return $44M in Sept. 11 Aid comments Sportscaster Bob Costas Hired As Regular \u0027Larry King Live\u0027 Substitute in brief | comments Fan Makes $100K For Watching And Blogging About Dukes Of Hazzard comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Bush: Patriot Act Thwarted Terrorists... in brief | comments Ethics Committee Shuts Down Over DeLay Probe in brief | comments Efforts To Limit Power Of Intelligence Director Negroponte… in brief | comments DC Corporate Love Highest In Years in brief | comments Is 40 The New 30? in brief | comments Babyface a Losing Look for Politicians in brief | comments 600,000 More Millionaires in 2004 ... in brief | comments Report: FAA Inspections Inadequate... in brief | comments Army Likely To Fall Short Of Recruiting Goals in brief | comments Military Investigates US Guards For Shooting At Soldiers And Civilians in brief | comments Raw Story: Dems To Hold Hearings On Downing Street Minutes in brief | comments Scientists Flubbing Facts For Results ... in brief | comments Chimps May Hold Clues To AIDS Cure in brief | comments Paramount to Proceed with Mission: Impossible III After Tom Cruise Gives in to Studio Demands. New Deal Saves Studio Millions. comments Did Reader’s Digest Sell Its Soul To The Church Of Scientology To Get Cruise... in brief | comments Homer Honks Go Wild...Simpsons Movie In Preproduction in brief | comments Pilots Guilty Of Being Drunk In Cockpit in brief | comments Greenberg Quits AIG Board in brief | comments To DC Commuters: \u0027Watch, Ride, And Report\u0027 in brief | comments Blair Pushes Global Warming And Africa Aid With Bush comments In California Father And Son Charged With al-Qaida Link in brief | comments State Abstinence-Education Gives Students False Information in brief | comments Hollywood Foots Bill for Spy Cams comments Miramax To Release 10 Movies Caught In \u0027Weinstein-Disney Buzz Saw\u0027 in brief | comments See Bolton Rip The UN comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times National Post (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Network ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":25,"second":39},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
