{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/LM Otero08.12.2005 Arianna HuffingtonThe right wing attacks on Cindy Sheehan -- desperate, pathetic, and grasping at straws -- expose much less about their target than about the attackers. I mean, trying to slime a grieving Gold Star mom because she is inconveniently questioning the reasons her son was sent off to die in Iraq? Why that would be like trashing a much-decorated war hero or outing an undercover CIA agent… Oh, right. How much longer can the Bushies get away with mauling the very values they profess to stand for before their supporters start getting wise to the fact that the only value they really value is power?After the Cindy as Flip-Flopper story was revealed as a very poorly done hatchet job, a second load of sludge was quickly dumped: the ludicrous statement from the (ahem) “Sheehan Family” condemning Cindy’s “political motivations and publicity tactics”. Where do I start with this piece of manufactured offal? The only name attached to the “Sheehan Family” statement belongs to Cherie Quartarolo who describes herself as Casey’s aunt and godmother. So did I miss something? Since when does godmother outrank mother? What I really want to know is: how does Casey’s second-cousin-twice-removed feel about Cindy’s vigil? How about his ex-brother-in-law’s cleaning lady?read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Cindy SheehanWe are here at the Crawford Peace House now. I came here so angry and I have been so encouraged and overwhelmed by the support from all over. I was thinking that there is no reason for us progressive liberals to be angry anymore. We have the power. One mom has shown that ordinary citizens can make a difference. We the people have to hold George Bush accountable. We have to make sure he answers to us. If he doesn\u0027t have to answer to Congress, or the media, we will force him to answer to us.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Craig CrawfordAlthough you could see this coming, the Democrats in Washington and the geniuses who advise them are still on the sidelines, arguing among themselves, as usual, about whether to embrace Cindy Sheehan. But they have become so irrelevant to the war debate that it doesn\u0027t much matter. Still, it will be interesting over the next few days to see if any prominent Democrats seek photo opportunities with Sheehan or come to her aid in any way. For it looks like things could get ugly at Camp Sheehan. The President\u0027s supporters are now showing up to confront her. That\u0027s all we need: Warring factions in an open field this close to Waco.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Margaret CarlsonI guess we could have guessed, but there it was on page A7 of the New York Times: sex had raised its ugly head and the distinguished, brilliant career of Byrnes was gone, poof, just like that. But here\u0027s what grabbed my attention. Way down in the piece, we learn that the officer appointed to determined if Byrnes should be court-martialed for a consensual affair is Gen. Dan K. McNeill. The Army has it wrong. If anyone should be court-martialed, it should be Gen. McNeill. Two prisoners were murdered on his watch and he covered it up.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Hooman MajdThe first goal for Iran was her almost complete victory in Iraq (and the nought for the west is the very quagmire that is that first goal). The second goal is the subject of this piece, the nuclear score, and the third is President Bush\u0027s backing off any threats to bar President Ahmadinejad from coming to New York to attend the U.N. General Assembly on September 14th (Mr. Bush can\u0027t be reading the Huffington Post, can he?). In a classic Iranian twist, that third goal wasn\u0027t dependent on the U.S. issuing or denying Mr. Ahmadinejad a visa (for either way Iran scored, and scored well), but merely on the subject being raised in the first place, which is why our score remains firmly stuck at zero.read whole post | permalink | comments08.13.2005 Bob CescaChickenhawks of the nation, I give you \"Gallagher\u0027s Army.\" Go to Mike\u0027s site and enlist now, Chickenhawks of the nation. You\u0027ll receive your very own uniform made of a finely woven blend of polyester and bullshit; a supersoaker with a year\u0027s supply of mercury-contaminated water; the official Rush Limbaugh Pilonidal Cyst Seat Cushion; and a wad of tissues sized to fit comfortably within your underpants (the Chickenhawk uniform code smartly requests \"front side only, please\").read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Lt. Gen. Claudia KennedyGenerally speaking, one of the most private groups of people in public service are general officers in the US Army. This is not a preference that comes with the stars, rather it is developed over decades of service to America in the Army. As officers become more senior, their privacy becomes more treasured and more fragile. So with this in mind, I would guess that this must be a very painful time for General Kevin Byrnes. I do not know anything about the circumstances of the recent announcement about his \"personal conduct.\" A banner on one of the cable TV news stations is my only \"source\" that something is amiss. But I do know Kevin Byrnes as a fellow officer.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Nicholas von HoffmanWhite House sources report that while Karl Rove is irked at Cindy Sheehan, the Gold Star mom, he is telling GOP operatives to thank their lucky stars the woman is not demanding to talk to President Bush about the price of gasoline. In addition to the Sheehan Texas camp-out, the big problem confronting Mr. Bush is the countdown to the 2,000th American death in Iraq. Bush strategists cannot decide if his best move is to hide the 2,000th body at Dover Air Force Base and make like it’s business as usual or apply the wisdom of Stalin and make public new figures revealing hundreds of thousands of other deaths, even if they are Iraqi.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Rep. Bernie SandersThe President should hear firsthand from a woman whose views reflect those of tens of millions of Americans who believe that we have got to begin bringing our troops home as soon as possible. The President owes Ms. Sheehan and other families that lost loved ones in Iraq more than platitudes. He owes them and the American public an explanation about his plans for an exit strategy.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Steve CobbleC\u0027mon, Arnold, Cindy Sheehan\u0027s from California. Why are you being so shy? Why haven\u0027t you picked up the phone and called your buddy, George? Why don\u0027t you tell him that\u0027s one of your constituents out there in the hot sun, and her son was one of almost 200 of your constituents that have died in Iraq so far, and you think it\u0027s only fair that Cindy -- and everyone in your state -- should get some answers? Why so quiet and meek? You\u0027re always playing a tough guy in the movies, and George always talks about being \"resolute\"; but suddenly you\u0027re so shy, and he\u0027s in hiding... Is Conan afraid to call Custer?read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 James MooreIn every standoff there comes a time when the tide will turn in one direction. In our culture, these moments are palpable because a complicated question has been rendered into a simple confrontation between the just and the unjust, the big guy and the little guy, the powerful and the weak. And we all know who Americans choose in those kinds of fights. Cindy Sheehan, with her soft voice and steely determination, has given us a simple choice. We can stand with a mother who doesn\u0027t want other mothers to suffer the way she is suffering; or we can side with a president who offers us platitudes instead of exit strategies and unfounded optimism instead of honest logic. I\u0027m on Cindy\u0027s side.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Timothy NaftaliCindy Sheehan\u0027s courageous personal demonstration is a source of shame: not directed at her, of course, but at the fact that the people elected to demand better from the White House are too busy, afraid or \"loyal\" to ask why one should stay a course that is not smart. This need not be an argument for immediate withdrawal, by the way. But what is needed is a better explanation for what we are doing in Iraq today besides making it easier for suicide bombers to kill the sons of other Cindy Sheehans.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Rep. George MillerGiven the enormous loss Cindy has suffered, a meeting is not too much to ask. These soldiers’ families -- and all Americans -- are owed a real explanation, not just talking points, about how the Administration got everything so tragically wrong. By seeking answers to these questions, Cindy is simply doing the job that Congress should have already begun, but has failed to. Our nation owes Cindy Sheehan a debt of gratitude for her efforts to uncover the truth.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Robert GreenwaldCindy and the other members of military families, many of whom have had their children, husbands, wives, brothers and sisters killed, have taken their pain and grief, and focused it on the cause: the Bush administration and its policies. I have had the great honor of working with these folks over the last two years and they are the most inspiring people I know. Let us all support them however we can. The loss of their family members will never be forgotten or healed, but we can put our hearts, souls and bodies into the fight to end this insanity.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Chuck GutensonTo extend their quest for power and wealth, the administration was willing to sacrifice the meager wealth of others (to fund the war) and in too many cases to sacrifice the children of others. Like the mother who recently claimed that, though she supports the war, \"military service isn\u0027t for our son. It isn\u0027t for our kind of people,\" this administration simply does not see a problem with sending troops to be killed and maimed while judging that such sacrifice is \"not for their kind of people.\" Overwhelmingly, they did not serve; overwhelmingly, their children do not serve.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Robert SchlesingerJohn Roberts should be glad he\u0027s not a member of the press. The future Supreme Court nominee worked -- pro-bono -- to help gay rights activists. Yet social conservatives brush off this particular bit of judicial bonhommie as Roberts simply doing his job. So one is forced to wonder what sort of superman is this John Roberts that he possesses these extraordinary powers of self-discipline of being able to put aside his personal feelings -- block out his own biases as it were -- when working on hot-button issues. He must be a superman because, judging from what conservatives say about the media, one would think that the ability to work around one\u0027s own prejudices when doing a job is rare indeed if not wholly unknown.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Dr. Ralph DittmanIf, in fact, stem cell dedifferentiation really worked, it would be the mana we all crave. As is, it\u0027s just another ingredient in the morass being concocted by Chef Senator Doctor Frist, President \"Do-I-allow-the-destruction-of-life-in-order-to-advance-science\" Bush, and the always well-intentioned, right wing minority to feed the uninformed American public. Banning SCNT would be a scientific disaster. It would be like asking an artist to paint a canvas without using his/her brushes. Yes, it could be done...but what a mess.read whole post | permalink | comments08.12.2005 Walter ShapiroThe moment that Hadley -- the top geopolitical advisor to the Most Powerful Man on This Planet -- spent 45 minutes with Sheehan, it became impossible to credibly dismiss her as a publicity-seeking nutcase rendered irrational by grief. The president\u0027s national security advisor is far too important to waste nearly an hour on missions of mercy to looney-tunes protesters. Do you think the foreign minister of Latvia would get 45 minutes with Hadley, even if he flew unannounced to Crawford?read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Rick BowmerFrom GFK.NOP/CNNAP/Lauren ShayAP/Mark J. TerrillFocus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson.Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From nydailynews.comAP/Ric FrancisAPAP/Brian K. DiggsAP/Mike Derer","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Cindy Sheehan: “Over 700 People Showed Up At The Camp Yesterday\"...It Takes a Village to Smear Cindy SheehanWe Have the PowerMommie Dearest Bedevils BushThe Wrong GeneralIran 3, The West 0Chickenhawks Have An Army, TooSomething is AmissGold Star MomThe President Owes Ms. Sheehan More than PlatitudesConan \u0026 CusterTiananmen RanchCindy Sheehan and James MadisonA Meeting Is Not Too Much to AskThe Fight to End this InsanityYou Are the Man!Roberts\u0027 ProfessionalismStem Cell Debate: The Plot ThickensWho Sent Hadley?","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: O’Reilly And Malkin\u0027s Pathetic Campaign To Smear Cindy Sheehan…Ad Campaign To Begin...Bush: Force On Iran Would Be Considered As Last Option…Global Warming Proven With Corrected Data Gathering…Bush And Rumsfeld Disagreeing On Iraq…Study: Iraq War Hurting American Brands…Natl. Council of Churches Tells “Justice Sunday” To Keep Religion And Politics Separate…Pentagon Wants Drug Companies To Pay It Hundreds Of Millions Of Dollars…$2.2M Bail Posted By Top Repub. Lobbyist Indicted For Wire Fraud…FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000...Frist Trying To Weaken Campaign Finance Laws...Internet Fraud Rising, Scams Net $2.75B A Year…Owner Of Catering Company That Sparked Airline Strike Spent $10M On Party…New Lawyer Steps In To Oversee White House Leak Probe...Vanity Fair Article Calls NYT, Time Mag “Part Of The Conspiracy” In Plamegate...Dell’s Earnings Lowest In Four Years, Bargain Prices Cramped Revenues…Oil Prices Hit $67, Breaking Records...Realtor Association Says Home Prices Are \u0027Close To A Peak\u0027...Amazon.com To Pay $40 million In Patent Lawsuit…Patent Flub May Make Apple Pay Microsoft Everytime An Ipod Sells...Mexican Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers to Thwart Mass Chatting…How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late...Hollywood Soliciting Catholic Experts To “Soften” Da Vinci Code Movie…$2M Fight Continues Between Van Halen And Baltimore Orioles…Google In Copyright Bind With New Search Engine…U.S. Fighter Jet Drops Bomb On Wrong Building In Australia…Four-Star General Disobeyed Direct Order To Break Off Affair…Petri Dish “Raised” Meat…Coming To Your Super Market…Trump Slams Former Tyco CEO For “Lack Of Taste”, “Tackiness”...Sagging Sales Push Tommy Hilfiger CEO To Cut His Pay By $214K…Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000…Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends...The New Yorker, Brought To You Exclusively By Target…Chinese Set Up Clinics To Cure Internet Addicition...Jennifer Connelly Enjoys Reading, Shopping Online… While Having Sex…Chinese Farmer Sues Volkswagen For Stealing “Anti-Theft Technology”…Jessica Simpson Attacked By Mob On Rodeo Drive…Censored “Housewives” Creating Stir on Chinese Airwaves...Atkins, Tupac Voted America’s Least Favorite Dead Celebs...All Bets Are On $3 A Gallon By End Of Year...“You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 13 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 13 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP132004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: O’Reilly And Malkin\u0027s Pathetic Campaign To Smear Cindy Sheehan… Ad Campaign To Begin... in brief | comments Bush: Force On Iran Would Be Considered As Last Option… in brief | comments Global Warming Proven With Corrected Data Gathering… in brief | comments AP/Rick Bowmer Bush And Rumsfeld Disagreeing On Iraq… in brief | comments From GFK.NOP/CNN Study: Iraq War Hurting American Brands… in brief | comments Natl. Council of Churches Tells “Justice Sunday” To Keep Religion And Politics Separate… in brief | comments Pentagon Wants Drug Companies To Pay It Hundreds Of Millions Of Dollars… in brief | comments $2.2M Bail Posted By Top Repub. Lobbyist Indicted For Wire Fraud… in brief | comments FEC Busts Tom DeLay, Failed To Report Over $300,000... comments Frist Trying To Weaken Campaign Finance Laws... in brief | comments Internet Fraud Rising, Scams Net $2.75B A Year… in brief | comments Owner Of Catering Company That Sparked Airline Strike Spent $10M On Party… in brief | comments AP/Lauren Shay New Lawyer Steps In To Oversee White House Leak Probe... in brief | comments Vanity Fair Article Calls NYT, Time Mag “Part Of The Conspiracy” In Plamegate... in brief | comments Dell’s Earnings Lowest In Four Years, Bargain Prices Cramped Revenues… in brief | comments Oil Prices Hit $67, Breaking Records... in brief | comments Realtor Association Says Home Prices Are \u0027Close To A Peak\u0027... in brief | comments Amazon.com To Pay $40 million In Patent Lawsuit… in brief | comments Patent Flub May Make Apple Pay Microsoft Everytime An Ipod Sells... in brief | comments Mexican Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers to Thwart Mass Chatting… in brief | comments AP/Mark J. Terrill Focus On The Family\u0027s James Dobson. How To Catch Your Child\u0027s Homosexuality... Before It\u0027s Too Late... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From nydailynews.com Hollywood Soliciting Catholic Experts To “Soften” Da Vinci Code Movie… in brief | comments AP/Ric Francis $2M Fight Continues Between Van Halen And Baltimore Orioles… in brief | comments AP Google In Copyright Bind With New Search Engine… in brief | comments U.S. Fighter Jet Drops Bomb On Wrong Building In Australia… in brief | comments Four-Star General Disobeyed Direct Order To Break Off Affair… in brief | comments AP/Brian K. Diggs Petri Dish “Raised” Meat…Coming To Your Super Market… in brief | comments AP/Mike Derer Trump Slams Former Tyco CEO For “Lack Of Taste”, “Tackiness”... in brief | comments Sagging Sales Push Tommy Hilfiger CEO To Cut His Pay By $214K… in brief | comments Go On A Concert Date With Arnold For $100,000… in brief | comments Publisher “Systematically Bought The Silence” Of Schwarzenegger\u0027s Ladyfriends... in brief | comments The New Yorker, Brought To You Exclusively By Target… in brief | comments Chinese Set Up Clinics To Cure Internet Addicition... in brief | comments Jennifer Connelly Enjoys Reading, Shopping Online… While Having Sex… in brief | comments Chinese Farmer Sues Volkswagen For Stealing “Anti-Theft Technology”… in brief | comments Jessica Simpson Attacked By Mob On Rodeo Drive… in brief | comments Censored “Housewives” Creating Stir on Chinese Airwaves... in brief | comments Atkins, Tupac Voted America’s Least Favorite Dead Celebs... in brief | comments All Bets Are On $3 A Gallon By End Of Year... in brief | comments “You Call Yourself A Christian; I Call You A Hypocrite”... comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":50,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
