{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.10.2005 Arianna HuffingtonHere’s all the proof you need that the lunatics have taken over the Pentagon and DoD asylums (that is, if the lunacy of their Iraq policies hadn’t already convinced you): Four-star General Kevin Byrnes, the third most senior of the Army’s 11 four-star generals, was sacked over allegations that he had an extramarital affair. Meanwhile, Lt. General Ricardo Sanchez, the senior commander in Iraq during the Abu Ghraib torture and abuse scandal, is being considered for promotion to, yep, four-star general. Something here doesn’t add up. Would the Army really can a four-star General with 36 years of service, three months shy of his retirement, because he screwed someone other than his wife… in the middle of a war? Is this what it takes for Rummy and company to continue seeing themselves as paragons of virtue who will do whatever is necessary to hold people accountable for their private conduct…while turning a blind eye to the wanton assault on decency and morality that has marked our handling of Abu Ghraib, Guantanamo Bay, and Bagram? In other words, it’s the s-e-x, stupid! The GOP base will eat it up. A little unnerved that Roberts gave a freebie to the gays? Don’t sweat it. The Bush administration demonstrates it will not stand for a leader who breaks his vows (other than vows to fire anyone involved in the Plame leak, that is)...read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Bob CescaThe Pentagon announced today that it\u0027s endorsing the most awkwardly named event in the history of commemorative events: the America Supports You Freedom Walk. The September 11, 2005 event will commemorate the fourth anniversary of 9/11, culminating in a free concert by country musician Clint Black. At first glance, \"America Supports You Freedom Walk\" looked like a typo which was intended to read: \"America Supports Your Freedom Walk\". However, upon further investigation, the title is as it reads in the Pentagon\u0027s press release. America supports me freedom? Excellent. Rumor has it that the first 10 marchers for you freedom will get a chance to enter the Rummy-Tron glass booth filled with $1000 in \"free cash\"...read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Bill DiamondBill Diamond’s Criticisms of Evolution 1. What the hell happened to our tails, prehensile or otherwise? Seems to me a tail would be very helpful for balance, particularly among the elderly and people with new breast implants who might still be seeking their center of gravity. 2. Personally, I find the fact that Tay-Sachs disease afflicts mostly Jewish people to be kind of anti-Semitic. And just so I’m being clear here, it’s not that I wish the disease on other faiths. I’m just saying the fact that it wasn’t spread around more evenly among other faiths is, well, “suspicious” to say the least.read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaI haven\u0027t seen Bill O\u0027Reilly so flummoxed since Al Franken took him down at that LA book fair last year, though this was much subtler. He had to grin and swallow it all because he was interviewing the mother of a dead soldier. O\u0027Reilly was obliged to blend his most unctuous pretense-of-fairness manner (\"I\u0027ll give you the last word\") with his most over-bearing bullyboy style as he tried to manipulate and finally bludgeon this poor woman into conceding his point with questions like -- (rough quote) \"You know Michael Moore, you know he hates our country. If you had to choose between him and President Bush, who would you choose?\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Eric BoehlertAgreed. It was must-see TV. And not only because what it revealed about Bill O\u0027Reilly -- he was forced into a four corners delay after he realized the mess he was in with Dolores Kesterson, mother of slain Chief Warrant Officer Erik Kesterson -- but also what the segment revealed about president Bush, who apparently tried to bully the grieving mother when she questioned him about his war of choice. Kesterton reports that she met Bush he \"got right in my face, eyeball-to-eyeball, nose-to-nose this close, toe-to-toe and he said, \"I\u0027m George Bush, President of the United States, and I understand you have something to say to me privately...\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Craig CrawfordThis could be a perfect storm for a media frenzy, the political world\u0027s answer to the Aruba chase. Mainstream media appears ready to join the blogosphere in covering Cindy Sheehan, the mother of a fallen soldier who has been staging an anti-war vigil near President Bush\u0027s Texas ranch since Saturday. The Associated Press reports that Sheehan is \"drawing supporters from across the nation.\" Today\u0027s arrival of Secretary of State Condi Rice and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld at the Bush ranch is likely to draw more media attention...read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Harry ShearerUh-oh, am I getting sucked in? Night 2 of Live and Direct provided the day\u0027s best laugh. Rita is getting all the Big Interviews, including a near-exclusive with, drum roll, please, Miss Heidi Fleiss. She, as it turns out, is back on her feet (metaphorically speaking), and she\u0027s doing an interview with Rita to announce the construction of her new brothel in Nevada (\"it\u0027s legal!\"). She promises the most beautiful girls in the world, suites themed around famous designers -- do I hear the approach of lawyers? -- and then, because it\u0027s Rita, Heidi Fleiss confided that this isn\u0027t the end of her ambition. Two thirds of the wealthy people in the world made their money in real estate, she points out, and so...her ambition is to build \"affordable housing.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Paul KrassnerPeople keep getting grants just to fuck around with our memories. Last week, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published a paper about a team of researchers that successfully turned people off strawberry ice cream by manipulating the subjects to believe that the foods made them sick when they were children. Meanwhile, psychiatrists at Cornell University are carrying out tests using beta-blockers to help people who have witnessed traumatic events, such as the recent bombings in London, to block out their distressing memories. There are concerns that a drug which can alter memories could also be misused, maybe by military leaders who might want their soldiers to become desensitized to violence...read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Marc CooperA cycle of \"ethnic replacement\" has brought in one wave after another of ever poor, ever more marginal Mexican immigrants to do the heavy work of picking and packing our produce. The growers -- many of them large corporate enterprises -- elude all moral and legal responsibilities by hiring these workers through unscrupulous middle-man labor contractors who are quick to exploit the docile, undocumented work force. Call it the New Grapes of Wrath, the Appalachia of the West, a Modern Harvest of Shame. All cliches. But all of them unfortunately accurate.read whole post | permalink | comments08.11.2005 Robert Schlesinger\"While the White House plays catch-up in studying Roberts\u0027s past, it is facing complaints from some of its conservative supporters about what they feel has been a stumbling campaign for the nominee,\" the Washington Post\u0027s Jo Becker reports. We know from previous press reports that the administration had spent months laying the groundwork for the Roberts nomination. So let\u0027s see: The administration made a major policy decision, though they did it in secret while avowing that no decision had been made; they made a great show of consulting with allies and rivals alike before announcing their fait accompli; then it turns out they wholly underestimated the source and force of opposition to their plan. Have we seen this somewhere before?read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonMy friend and I watched looters gleefully make mad dashes into the corner grocery store; their arms bulged with liquor bottles and cigarette cartons. Suddenly, my friend shouted out as if he was speaking to an audience, “Maybe now they’ll see how rotten they treat us.” The “they” was the white man. His words were, angry, and bitter. Yet underneath there was a subtext of hope that the mass orgy of death and destruction that engulfed the block we lived on and the surrounding blocks during the harrowing five days and nights of the Watts riot in August 1965 might improve things for blacks...read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Michelle PileckiGee, so the Bush Administration figures to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks with a free country music concert. Some folks think that\u0027s a little raw, given that the 9/11 scars are still kinda raw. \"How about telling Mr. Rumsfeld to leave the memories of Sept. 11 victims to the families?\" fumes one such family member to the New York Daily News. Preceding the musical festivities is an \"America Supports You Freedom Walk\" from the Pentagon to the National Mall, tying up the 9/11 attacks and the war in Iraq in one neat package. I suppose I should be happy that we\u0027re not yet at the point of \"9/11 Anniversary Sales\" and assorted tchotchkes. Oh, wait, we did that....read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Nicholas von HoffmanArmy Gen. Kevin P. Byrnes, whose four stars were not awarded him by the Michelin Guide, has been kicked into early retirement for extramarital schtuppage with a civilian woman who has no connection with the government. So much for the old adage that you can get away with it if you do it out of town. The Army doesn’t mind if you lose a battle as long as you keep it zipped. Lincoln is supposed to have said, when told that the victorious Grant had a weakness for the bottle, send him a case of the stuff. Maybe the American high command can put away its Bibles long enough to tell somebody, “Fuck your brains out if that’s what it takes. Just win one, will ya?”read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Jane WellsRobin Cook, the former British Foreign Secretary, died Saturday, while hiking a Scottish peak with his wife. Reading Cook\u0027s obituaries and final comments it is hard not to think of Cindy Sheehan, camped outside Bush\u0027s ranch Prairie Chapel in the blistering August heat, awaiting the chance to talk to the President about her opposition to the Iraq war. Her son was killed there last year and she has become a dedicated anti-war activist. Cook\u0027s final words echo in my ears and I\u0027m sure they would in hers if she has heard them: \"It is dire. I mean, frankly, it is worse than my greatest fears.... Those that advocated the war on the basis that Iraq would be a blow against terrorism have made an immense blunder for which we will be paying the price for a long time to come.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.10.2005 Hooman MajdTehran, August 10 - Tehran residents are not just speculating on the outcome of the nuclear chess game but also on whether their new president will be denied a visa to the U.S. to attend the U.N. General Assembly in September. The nuclear issue and a visa for Mr. Ahmadinejad are more closely related than one might think. The State Department spokesman, Adam Ereli, has refused in the last two days to elaborate on the U.S. position other than to say it is under consideration. But one has to assume that the Bush administration realizes that virtually nothing, short of a military strike against Iran right now, would unite the nation behind President Ahmadinejad (and harm the reform movement) more than his being denied a visa to visit the U.N....read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Pablo Martinez MonsiviasAP/Vahid SalemiRod Aydelotte/ Waco Tribune HeraldAP/Pentagon HandoutAP/Mark HumphreyAP/Hadi MizbanHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Jan Bauer/APwww.visual.skFrom costco.com“Atelier De Cannes”, 1958From www.mrc.orgFrom SI.comFrom radarmagazine.comFrom www.accessallareas.se","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"At Rummy\u0027s Bizarro Pentagon, Torture is Rewarded While Sex is a Firing OffenseFrom The Makers of The Global Struggle Against ExtremismAn Open Letter to the Kansas State Board of EducationCindy Sheehan Has a FriendCindy Sheehan Has a Friend, Cont\u0027dProtester Mom Draws A CrowdThe Cosby CultPavlov\u0027s RatSour GrapesRoberts reduxWatts Riots--Forty Years After The Flames/Pt.2Fade to BlackUnauthorized Alley CattingReflections on Robin Cook and Cindy SheehanA Visa For A President","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Police Arrest Fugitive Couple in Columbus, OH...Oil Prices Surge To $65 A Barrel...White House Suppressing 50,000 Pages Of Roberts Docs...Conservative Group Pulls Support For Roberts... Prez: “Others Feel The Same Way”...Defiant Iran Resumes Full Uranium Conversion Operations...Truck Carrying 19 Tons of Explosives Crashes, Guts Highway in UT...Bush Continues To Stonewall, Won\u0027t Meet With Mother Who Lost Son In Iraq...FBI Sees Big Threat From Chinese Spies...Four Star General Dismissed Over “Inappropriate Relationship”...FEMA Tricked Into Paying For 203 Funerals...Air Force Colonel Busted For Vandalizing Cars With Pro Bush Stickers...Kansas Schools OK Criticism Of Evolution In Teaching...Falwell Says “Vote Christian In 2008”...“Most Popular Use Of The New Online Technology”: Godcasting...Senior Iraqi Official Kidnapped, Five U.S. Soldiers Killed...Female Circumcision Uncovered In Iraq...Journal Of A Jihadist: London Is “Vital Organ Of The Minions Of The Devil”...Drug Researchers, Doctors Leaking Secrets To Wall Street For Big Bucks....Apology Issued for Video of Auschwitz Depicted as Giant Rave Party...1 in 25 Fathers Unknowingly Raising Another Man’s Child…Costco.com To Sell A Picasso...Space Tourism: $100M For All-Expense Paid Trip To The Moon...MSNBC Prez To Keith Olbermann: “I Don\u0027t Care If You Don\u0027t Come To Work Tomorrow”...Gov. Bush Calls Mascot Ban “Ridiculous”…“How Politically Correct Can We Get?”…Japanese Musicians Defying Contracts To Join iTunes...Who At Vanity Fair Is Leaking The Magazine’s Secrets?Gap Launches New Striptease Ad Online...Chubby Band Storms Out Of BBC Interview After “Fat” Insult...Report: 1/4 Lie On Resume...Fueled By ABC Hit Shows, Disney Profits Surge 41%...Judge Says $140M Golden Parachute For Ex-Disney Prez OK...Superhuman Hearing Coming Soon...Is Novak In Right Wing Catholic Sect Opus Dei?Italian PM\u0027s “Obsession\": Adding Most Influential Paper To His Media Empire...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 11 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 11 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP112004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Police Arrest Fugitive Couple in Columbus, OH... in brief | comments Oil Prices Surge To $65 A Barrel... in brief | comments White House Suppressing 50,000 Pages Of Roberts Docs... AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivias in brief | comments Conservative Group Pulls Support For Roberts... Prez: “Others Feel The Same Way”... in brief | comments AP/Vahid Salemi Defiant Iran Resumes Full Uranium Conversion Operations... in brief | comments Truck Carrying 19 Tons of Explosives Crashes, Guts Highway in UT... in brief | comments Rod Aydelotte/ Waco Tribune Herald Bush Continues To Stonewall, Won\u0027t Meet With Mother Who Lost Son In Iraq... in brief | comments FBI Sees Big Threat From Chinese Spies... in brief | comments AP/Pentagon Handout Four Star General Dismissed Over “Inappropriate Relationship”... in brief | comments FEMA Tricked Into Paying For 203 Funerals... in brief | comments Air Force Colonel Busted For Vandalizing Cars With Pro Bush Stickers... in brief | comments Kansas Schools OK Criticism Of Evolution In Teaching... in brief | comments AP/Mark Humphrey Falwell Says “Vote Christian In 2008”... in brief | comments “Most Popular Use Of The New Online Technology”: Godcasting... in brief | comments AP/Hadi Mizban Senior Iraqi Official Kidnapped, Five U.S. Soldiers Killed... in brief | comments Female Circumcision Uncovered In Iraq... in brief | comments Journal Of A Jihadist: London Is “Vital Organ Of The Minions Of The Devil”... in brief | comments Drug Researchers, Doctors Leaking Secrets To Wall Street For Big Bucks.... comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Jan Bauer/AP Apology Issued for Video of Auschwitz Depicted as Giant Rave Party... in brief | comments www.visual.sk 1 in 25 Fathers Unknowingly Raising Another Man’s Child… in brief | comments From costco.com “Atelier De Cannes”, 1958 Costco.com To Sell A Picasso... in brief | comments Space Tourism: $100M For All-Expense Paid Trip To The Moon... in brief | comments From www.mrc.org MSNBC Prez To Keith Olbermann: “I Don\u0027t Care If You Don\u0027t Come To Work Tomorrow”... in brief | comments From SI.com Gov. Bush Calls Mascot Ban “Ridiculous”…“How Politically Correct Can We Get?”… in brief | comments Japanese Musicians Defying Contracts To Join iTunes... in brief | comments From radarmagazine.com Who At Vanity Fair Is Leaking The Magazine’s Secrets? in brief | comments Gap Launches New Striptease Ad Online... in brief | comments From www.accessallareas.se Chubby Band Storms Out Of BBC Interview After “Fat” Insult... in brief | comments Report: 1/4 Lie On Resume... in brief | comments Fueled By ABC Hit Shows, Disney Profits Surge 41%... in brief | comments Judge Says $140M Golden Parachute For Ex-Disney Prez OK... in brief | comments Superhuman Hearing Coming Soon... in brief | comments Is Novak In Right Wing Catholic Sect Opus Dei? in brief | comments Italian PM\u0027s “Obsession\": Adding Most Influential Paper To His Media Empire... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050811081540,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
