{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaTalk about shitty timing. Tom Friedman’s take that \"liberals don’t want to talk about Iraq\" appeared at precisely the moment when liberals have begun to find their voice on Iraq -- although they are far from singing from the same hymnbook. In fact, there are now so many proposals and resolutions flying around the Hill calling on Bush, at a minimum, to begin laying the groundwork for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq, that you can’t tell the players without a program. In any case, the tide has clearly turned among liberals. The question is why? Were they waiting for the 1,714th U.S. soldier to die? Or might it have something to do with the latest poll numbers, showing nearly six in 10 people want us to start bringing the troops home.My buddy Harry Shearer is right: I hate polls as much as he does. Even when they force Democratic leaders to finally do the right thing. That’s no way to run a party -- or a country.06.16.2005 Harry ShearerIt\u0027s a sad litany of excuses Howard Kurtz pries out of the editors of mainstream newspapers as to why they gave the original Downing Street Memo such cursory, if any, attention. My favorite is Tim Russert\u0027s, who says he\u0027s learned that anything from the British press has to be vetted first. This is about a Times of London report, quoting, by name, the head of MI6, Richard Dearlove, issued during the height of the British election, at which point neither the Prime Minister nor any of his minions denies the authenticity of the published memo. Yeah, gotta do some heavy vetting.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Richard BradleyThis trickle of corruption will become a torrent as Bush\u0027s second term winds down. That\u0027s the way second terms work -- especially when you have a president who polices the morals of everyone except the people who happen to work for him.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Rep. Jan SchakowskyLast week, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report [PDF] showing that between 2002-2004, the Department of Defense declared $33 BILLION worth of purchased goods to be \"excess\" - materials it didn\u0027t need or didn\u0027t end up using. Not only did DoD accumulate a surplus of materials about half the size of the total budget of the Department of Education or the Department of Health and Human Services, but it also lost weapons critical to our national security, and bought duplicates of materials that it had thrown away.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Hooman MajdSenate Democrats yesterday petulantly blocked President Bush’s appointment of Dina Powell to become Deputy Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy...Karen Hughes, announced in March as Mr. Bush’s choice for the top job in the field, and Dina Powell are the wrong people to lead our efforts to better explain and sell America to a skeptical and unwilling audience.read whole post | permalink | comments06.16.2005 Marc CooperIt was a quarter-hour of fizzed-out bromides that the Governor discharged while the crowd jeered on. He closed out his soggy talk with this admonition on traveling the road to success: “Remember one thing --There’s only one obstacle: you and your mind.” That’s some good advice that the Governor himself ought to take some time to ponder as he blindly pushes the state toward an unwanted and unnecessary $100 million showdown.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Bill HillsmanMaybe you heard Kinky Friedman on Don Imus\u0027s show; maybe you didn\u0027t. But if you\u0027re interested in the future of politics in general (and independent politics in particular), you need to turn your eyes towards Texas. In the midwest, where I live, you can literally sense a change in the weather before it happens. It\u0027s very still; then the atmosphere gets electric, the temperature drops, the wind begins to pick up, and you know you\u0027re about to be in for something sudden and dramatic.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 AJ JacobsInteresting editorial by Stacy Schiff in today\u0027s New York Times on the dangers of interactive truth. The piece is pegged to the LA Times\u0027 plan to have wiki-editorials - interactive online editorials that readers can alter to reflect their own ideas, half-baked or otherwise. Schiff suggests we institute wiki-tax returns. An excellent idea. Also, might I add: Wiki-Constitution. Wiki-Commandments. Wiki-Sports Scores. Wiki-Stock Quotes. Wiki-SupremeCourtDecisions.read whole post | permalink06.16.2005 Bree WalkerOne more reason to get behind the stem cell watch: new brain cells have been created by a U.S. scientist, offering more hope for curing Alzheimer\u0027s, Parkinson\u0027s and Epilepsy. It\u0027s a considerable accomplishment in the face of the Bush Administration\u0027s continued aggression against science in the name of religio-conservative political appeal.read whole post | permalink06.15.2005 Charlie CrayFirst Bush wants us to privatize social security and turn our retirement over to Wall Street and the NASDAQ. Then he tells us that the guy who we should trust to track down dishonest banksters and keep the bubble-brains from making the market go bust is Rep. Chris Cox, the Congressman who drafted the legislation that has made it difficult for defrauded investors to recover any money from corporate criminals and their aiders and abettors.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Seth GreenlandI was intrigued when a friend suggested I read Joy Nicholson\u0027s new novel The Road To Esmerelda since she said it called to mind Robert Stone, a writer I greatly admire. The story concerns a young American couple traveling in Mexico on the eve of the Iraq invasion. The reception they receive is unpleasant. They come to regret not booking at Club Med. Take some Graham Greene, add a dash of Malcolm Lowry, and serve chilled. Joy Nicholson is not writing chick lit.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Trey EllisWhen the Weekly Standard arrived in my mail today I was shocked. I like to think of myself as the neocons\u0027 sworn enemy, so why would they think I would want to read well-lubricated puff pieces on Donald Rumsfeld and Billy Bush and then wash all that dreck down with a Christian chaplain\u0027s defense of Gitmo? Oh wait, my bad, that\u0027s not the Weekly Standard, that\u0027s Esquire magazine, once the most insightful men\u0027s magazine ever.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Nellie BBy golly, the US media are waking up to the Downing Street Memo. In fact, figuring that where there\u0027s one memo to leak, there must be more, The Los Angeles Times has borrowed the full collection from The Times of London writer Michael Smith, for the latest chapter in how the Bush and Blair administrations were figuring out how to justify invading Iraq while telling the rest of us that they really wanted to avoid war.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Paul LoebI follow Iraq pretty closely, but was taken aback when Charlie Clements, now head of the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee, described driving in a Baghdad neighborhood six months before the war “and a building would just explode, hit by a missile from 30,000 feet –‘What is that building?’” Clements would ask. “’Oh, that\u0027s a telephone exchange.’” Later, Clements heard a U.S. General boast “that he began taking out assets that could help in resisting an invasion at least six months before war was declared.”read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Paul FeigNow that Dr. Frist\u0027s diagnosis via videotape of Terri Schiavo seems to have been ... um ... completely wrong, does this mean the Schiavos can sue him for medical malpractice? Maybe we need a new law in this country covering examinations through an electronic medium. Anybody want to sponsor the Blockbuster Bill? The Netflix Initiative? Or maybe this can be the new and improved Terri\u0027s Law. Just brainstormin\u0027 here.permalink | comments06.15.2005 Allan GersonAmazingly, it took a federal court ruling, just last Monday, to make clear that corporations can\u0027t get away with murder, including aiding and abetting. The Talisman Energy Co. of Canada (with offices in New York) was culpable of having aided and abetted the government of Sudan in its genocidal campaign against its citizens in the South by ethnically cleansing vast swaths of land intended for Talisman\u0027s oil drilling.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Carl PopeWhen Treasury Secretary O\u0027Neill and EPA Administrator Whitman made the mistake of taking the President\u0027s promise of action on global warming seriously and proposed that it be mentioned in the State of the Union, the reactionary right, led by columnist Bob Novak, went nuts. Both Whitman and O\u0027Neill became \"targets of opportunity.\" Bush backed down and declared that once again the science on global warming was \"incomplete.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Michael ShermerSince the U.S. Constitution prohibits public schools from promoting any particular brand of religion, this has led to the oxymoronic movement known as “Intelligent Design” (ID) where ID (aka God) miraculously intervenes just in the places where science has yet to offer a comprehensive explanation for a particular phenomenon. ID used to control the weather, but now that we have a science of meteorology He has moved on to more obdurate problems, such as the origins of DNA or the evolution of cellular structures such as the flagellum.read whole post | permalink06.15.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonClarence Thomas flatly said that the state can and should be allowed to do as it pleases in crafting rules of criminal procedures. In other words if a state wants to discriminate in jury selection it should be allowed to do so. That means black and Latino defendants can be tried by all white juries, poor defendants by wealthy jurors, and young defendants by senior citizens. Thomas would toss the notion that defendants should be tried by a jury of their peers.read whole post | permalink | comments06.15.2005 Danielle CrittendenWe hope you enjoy your stay with us, however long it may be. Our accommodations have recently been renovated to meet every international standard . This year we received the coveted Five Bamboo Shoot Award for best detention facility. Conde Nast put Guantanamo at the top of its “Small Luxury Prisons of the World.” There are those who return to Guantanamo again and again who will tell you: It’s not just a resort. It’s a way of life.read whole post | permalink | comments","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"NY Times/CBS Poll: 71% of Americans Say Congress Does Not Share Their PrioritiesLiberals Finally Find Their Voice on Iraq... Thank You, Mr. GallupWhy the New Memos MatterThe Decline and Fall of a Second TermThe DoD Money PitImage, ShmimageArnold Gets A Kollyfornia Kreamin\u0027Getting More Independent-MindedWiki-truthNew Brains We Could All UseCox and friends poke holes in S-OxSummer readingSay It Ain\u0027t So, Esquire?DSM: The PrequelsMORE DAMNING THAN DOWNING STREETPaging Dr. Frist, Dr. Fine, Dr. Frist!US Federal Court: Corporations, Foreign or Domestic, Can be Held Liable for Complicity in GenocideWill the Circle Be Unbroken?ID Works in Mysterious Ways: Evolution Denial \u0026 Intelligent DesignMethod to Thomas\u0027 MadnessWelcome to Guantanamo Bay Ranch and Day Spa","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersNational News NetworksInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ...Hidden Provision In Terrorism Bill Protects Drug Companies From Autism LawsuitsEnough Is Enough, House Votes To Curb Patriot Act ...ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ...Iraqi Leaders Reach Compromise on Constitution ...Bipartisan Iraq Withdrawl Resolution Introduced In House ...O\u0027Reilly \u0027Both The Times And Organized Crime Routinely Engage Assassins\u0027Kabbala Water Can Cure Cancer ...NY Tribe Sues For $1.7 Billion In Hamptons Real Estate ...African Children Trafficked To UK, Used For Human Sacrifices ...Today’s Death Toll Rises: 6 US Servicemen, 8 Iraqi Officers KilledVerizon, Nissan, American Airlines Say No More Money For DeLay ...Frist Now Scrambling: I Never Made The Schiavo DiagnosisAwkward Squeeze Now Gentle Breeze As \u0027Puffer\u0027 Machines Replace Airport FriskingPoll: Public Image Of Supreme Court Falls To New LowOverlooked... Anti-Gays vs. Ford: Anti-Gays BlinkedPoll: Canadians Believe Bush And bin Laden Are Equal ThreatsInside Einstein\u0027s Brain. Literally ...AFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ...Head Of English Church: Web-Based Media \u0027Paranoid Fantasy... Dangerous Bigotry\u0027 ...Cub Reporter Sean Penn Exclusive ...Moses Spearheads Israeli Oil Exploration ...Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027Reporter Toting Fake Bomb Waltzes Into Sandhurst, Photographs Prince HarryExhausted By Scandal, DeLay Aide Quits\u0027Michelangelo Code\u0027 Uncovered In Sistine Chapel...Bush Advisors Crowd Highest Tax Brackets ...More Cruise: Hires Scientology Minder For Katie ...Sick Of MJ...Jon Stewart Explains...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 17 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 17 2004 2005 2006MAY JUN JUL172004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16ABC Flips: To Now Air \u0027Killed\u0027 Robert Kennedy Jr. Interview. ABC Responds ... in brief | comments Hidden Provision In Terrorism Bill Protects Drug Companies From Autism Lawsuits in brief | comments Enough Is Enough, House Votes To Curb Patriot Act ... in brief | comments ABC\u0027s Moran Asks McClellan Hard Questions ... in brief | comments Iraqi Leaders Reach Compromise on Constitution ... in brief | comments Bipartisan Iraq Withdrawl Resolution Introduced In House ... in brief | comments O\u0027Reilly \u0027Both The Times And Organized Crime Routinely Engage Assassins\u0027 in brief | comments Kabbala Water Can Cure Cancer ... in brief | comments NY Tribe Sues For $1.7 Billion In Hamptons Real Estate ... in brief | comments African Children Trafficked To UK, Used For Human Sacrifices ... in brief | comments Today’s Death Toll Rises: 6 US Servicemen, 8 Iraqi Officers Killed in brief | comments Verizon, Nissan, American Airlines Say No More Money For DeLay ... in brief | comments Frist Now Scrambling: I Never Made The Schiavo Diagnosis in brief | comments Awkward Squeeze Now Gentle Breeze As \u0027Puffer\u0027 Machines Replace Airport Frisking in brief | comments Poll: Public Image Of Supreme Court Falls To New Low in brief | comments Overlooked... Anti-Gays vs. Ford: Anti-Gays Blinked in brief | comments Poll: Canadians Believe Bush And bin Laden Are Equal Threats comments Huff Post Updates: Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blogs Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Inside Einstein\u0027s Brain. Literally ... in brief | comments AFL-CIO Possibly Splitting Up ... in brief | comments Head Of English Church: Web-Based Media \u0027Paranoid Fantasy... Dangerous Bigotry\u0027 ... in brief | comments Cub Reporter Sean Penn Exclusive ... in brief | comments Moses Spearheads Israeli Oil Exploration ... in brief | comments Tehran Times: \u0027U.S. And Terrorists Form Unholy Alliance Against Iran\u0027 in brief | comments Reporter Toting Fake Bomb Waltzes Into Sandhurst, Photographs Prince Harry in brief | comments Exhausted By Scandal, DeLay Aide Quits in brief | comments \u0027Michelangelo Code\u0027 Uncovered In Sistine Chapel... in brief | comments Bush Advisors Crowd Highest Tax Brackets ... in brief | comments More Cruise: Hires Scientology Minder For Katie ... in brief | comments Sick Of MJ...Jon Stewart Explains... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Post New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Globe and Mail (CA) The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India National News Networks ABC CBS CNN FOX MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines Yahoo! AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix","article":""},"timeStamp":20050617041131,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
