{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"08.07.2005 Arianna HuffingtonA well-connected media source e-mailed to say that the most interesting development on the Miller story is coming from inside the Times: \"I gather that Doug Jehl, who is a dogged and respected reporter, has been assigned to do an in-house investigative report for the Times and that he is already cutting pretty close to the bone. Several editors he has spoken to are now asking themselves why there wasn\u0027t more questioning of whether Miller\u0027s silence reflects a fear of incriminating herself rather than betraying a source. I predict this will start to unravel in the next couple of weeks -- if only because the Times is afraid of getting scooped again by outside rivals.\" A different source within the Times confirmed that Jehl is indeed on the story, having been given the assignment not from New York but from the paper\u0027s Washington bureau. According to another source within the Times, the DC office has put in a dedicated phone line specifically for the purpose of receiving Judy\u0027s collect calls from prison -- which are then forwarded to whoever it is she wants to talk to. It\u0027s been dubbed \"the Judy Line\"...read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Stephen ElliottCindy Sheehan is camped out on a road near the President\u0027s ranch. She wants to talk Mr. Bush. She\u0027s upset because her child was killed in the Iraq war. The situation is incredibly tense. The administration wants to be polite to a mother who has lost her son in Iraq. But what I\u0027m waiting for is the backlash. At what point will the smear campaign launch against Cindy Sheehan the way it did against Joe Wilson. And I guess that point is right now.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Doug WilsonI was lucky to have served as a young foreign service officer in London concurrently with a group of American journalists which included Len Downie of the Washington Post, Alan Otten of the Wall Street Journal, and Peter Jennings of ABC. My tenure as Embassy London\u0027s press officer in the late \u002770\u0027s was dominated by the Iran hostage crisis. Peter Jennings\u0027 dogged coverage of the takeover of Embassy Tehran and the 444-day captivity of American diplomats (including three USIA colleagues) stood out in the broadcast media. He was determined not just to provide the facts but to provide a deeper context for understanding the facts. Peter had a sense of history, a understanding of change, an appreciation of tides and cycles that shaped the presentation of events....read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Dal LaMagnaHow can the reason or reasons for conducting a preemptive strike against another country change after the fact? Even the first President Bush understood this, when he and Brent Skowcroft wrote in a 1998 Time magazine article, “Trying to eliminate Saddam, extending the ground war into an occupation of Iraq, would have violated our guideline about not changing objectives in midstream, engaging in \"mission creep,\" and would have incurred incalculable human and political costs.” Those incalculable costs are now happening daily.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Earl Ofari HutchinsonSaudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal told reporters recently that relations with the U.S. “couldn’t be better.” The prince could afford to be cheery and expansive. The royal kingdom literally has the U. S over a barrel, that is the roughly 10 million barrels that Saudi Arabia pumps out daily, about 11 percent of the world’s total. Bush officials desperately need their oil. U.S. dependency on Saudi oil is greater now than it was before the 9/11 attacks, and that mocks Bush’s claim that the U.S. can and will at least any time soon wean itself off Saudi oil, or dictate to the Saudi’s how they should run their government, or diplomatic policy.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Eric BoehlertThe New York Times today profiles Cindy Sheehan, the 48-year-old mother from Vacaville, CA., whose Army son was killed in Iraq last year. She is staging a bring-the-troops-home vigil outside president Bush\u0027s ranch in Crawford, Texas where he\u0027s spending his summer vacation. The Times reports that much to the White House\u0027s chagrin, Sheehan has been \"transformed into a news media phenomenon.\" But has she?...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Harry ShearerFor the last few weeks, I\u0027ve pointed out how...demure Tim Russert has been in acknowledging his own role in the Plame/Novak/Rove story. It happened again this Sunday in a completely different context. The topic was the role of religion in the nomination of John Roberts. Russert mentioned, just after introducing guest Mario Cuomo, that he had worked for Cuomo twenty years ago. Good disclosure. But since the subject at hand was one\u0027s Catholic faith, and how it affected one\u0027s professional temperament, might it have been appropriate for Russert also to mention that he shared the nominee\u0027s faith? Sure, it\u0027s a tricky business, but co-religion might have a greater impact on his willingness to pose tough, impolite queries than a two-decade-old work relationship with one of the guests. Misdirection, thy name is MTP.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Laurie DavidI\u0027ve always felt that it\u0027s going to take a higher power to move this country forward on dealing with the global warming crisis. And then, presto, a “higher” power appeared in the person of Commander Eileen Collins, an astronaut on the shuttle Discovery who, from her perch 220 miles above the earth, could see with her own eyes the environmental destruction that our government has been so blithely ignoring. Gale Norton, Secretary of the Interior, has gone so far as to prohibit federal employees of Glacier National Park from mentioning global warming as a possible cause when tourists ask about the ever-shrinking snowcaps. Fortunately, there was one federal employee beyond Norton\u0027s reach...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Mark GreenEighty labor, civic and civil rights leaders convened Saturday morning for an 8AM breakfast at Paschal’s restaurant in Atlanta to kickoff this historic day. It was an impressive and spirited crowd. There was John Sweeney and Andy Stern (now of rival labor factions), as well as voting rights advocates Wade Henderson, Ted Shaw and Bruce Gordon, the new head of the NAACP. Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois was applauded for being so right about Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo torture, even if he used an excessive analogy. And he told a warm story about how he gave Judge John Roberts a biography of Judge Frank Thompson, a courageous southern judge on racial justice. “Even judges need heroes,” Durbin told Roberts...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Bill DiamondJust read the transcript of Marilyn Monroe\u0027s last shrink session, wherein she describes how she stood naked in front of a full-length mirror and took stock of her 36-year-old body. Always ready for a challenge, I decided to drag out my full-length mirror to determine how my 43-year-old body stacks up. Marilyn Monroe: \"My breasts are beginning to sag a bit.\" Bill Diamond: My breasts appear in pretty good shape, though it\u0027s kind of hard to tell because they\u0027re covered in hair, some of it gray. Winner: Draw...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Fred StembottomSpeed-ups. Wage stagnation policies. Two-tiered wage systems. Worker isolation. These are some of the names of the classic Unfair Labor Practices that my friends experience everyday. But they don\u0027t even know that there are such things as Unfair Labor Practices! Watch \u0027em go off like rockets when you give them a NAME for what they suffer everyday -- just a name for Christ\u0027s sake. They go ballistic and are ready for anything. We are not dumb asses down here on the loading docks of America! Everyone can recognize when they are being ripped off. But what is long gone down here -- LOOOOONNGGGG gone -- is a Democratic Party that helps us know our rights -- or even WANTS us. And what IS here is a Republican Party that DOES want us.read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 James MooreAmerica paid little note to the passing of Johnny Mata. He died in the opening days of the war in Iraq, and his small town American storybook life ended in an early, needless tragedy. His wife Nancili did not get to see her husband for a final time when his body was returned. Brutalized by gun fire, she became convinced what was left was not the man she loved. “I thought about seeing his body, and then another day I talked to my priest, the chaplain, and it made me realize it wasn’t gonna be Johnny any more,” she told me. “It was just a body. And the way my husband always was, he was clean, always good-looking, detailed, and he would like to be remembered the way he was.\"read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Jay WinstenStarbucks prides itself on its social consciousness, and, indeed, the company has sponsored important initiatives. However, Starbucks\u0027 newest pro-social campaign -- to help provide clean drinking water to children in impoverished nations -- shows a poverty of imagination and boldness. Starbucks has partnered with Ethos Water, a new brand of bottled spring water, with the aim of doing good by doing well. The promo displays in Starbucks stores read, “Dream Big. Ethos Water. Helping children get clean water.” But the campaign’s fine print suggests that Starbucks and Ethos Water will do a little bit of good while doing very well for themselves...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Paul BegalaGeorge W. Bush will pardon Karl Rove. I know I\u0027m getting WAY ahead of the facts, but this thing has the smell of a serious legal problem for the Bush Administration. Say Mr. Fitzgerald indicts Mr. Rove. Maybe for violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act, maybe the Espionage Act (which outlaws mishandling classified information). Perhaps the charge is a criminal cover-up -- obstruction of justice, perjury, conspiracy or lying to a federal investigator. What does the President do? What does he say? As a former White House speechwriter, I\u0027ve taken the liberty of drafting the speech for Mr. Bush...read whole post | permalink | comments08.07.2005 Richard ValerianiPresident Bush endorses \"intelligent design\" theory of human evolution. Just some wishful thinking on his part...Coincidentally, The History Channel is running a documentary entitled \"Ape to Man.\" Will Ken Tomlinson order an investigation into \"liberal bias\"?...Robert \"No Facts\" Novak utters a barnyard profanity and walks off a TV talk show while it\u0027s on the air. Maybe he just went to take a leak.read whole post | permalink | comments08.08.2005 Deepak ChopraRecently, a close friend of mine made the remark that our emotions for the most part are basic, primal, immature and unevolved. Ever since then, I have been ruminating on the veracity of this statement. Like most \"truths,\" this seems to be equally true and untrue -- and therefore, possibly a half truth. In nature\u0027s scheme, nothing is wasted. The universe is a big jigsaw puzzle where everything seems to fit...read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Max BlumenthalThe killing of 19 Ohio servicemen in two days has shattered the morale of Brook Park, Ohio. On Wednesday, residents were told that 14 members of the Marine battalion headquartered in an old schoolhouse in town had been slain in Iraq. That was only five hours after they were told five other Marines in the battalion were killed in an insurgent ambush. While the people of Brook Park were searching for a glint of meaning in the fact that so many of their sons lost their lives in some insane desert slum at the hands of a nebulous, nihilistic enemy, some of the war on Iraq\u0027s most ardent supporters saw no reason for doubt. Indeed, back at the College Republican headquarters of Fort Chickenhawk, every day is Saturday...read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Richard BradleyThe Rolling Stones catalogue has just been released on iTunes, and a quick perusal of it makes a few things obvious.1) They used to be really good. 2) Now, they suck. 3) It\u0027s very likely that they\u0027ve put out more greatest hits albums than albums of new material. 4) They are corporate whores...read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Craig CrawfordMany thought that President Bush and Republican congressional leaders blundered last March when they rushed to intervene in the court battle over a dying woman’s feeding tube. Sure, the polls showed that most Americans thought it was out of line for Congress to pass a law ordering federal courts to review the case. But the maneuver served a hidden purpose that White House insiders only now will admit. It helped save House Majority Leader Tom DeLay from the media wolves then chomping on his ethical problems. The risky Schiavo vote four months ago paid off big time for Bush just before Congress recently left town for a month, when DeLay took command of CAFTA arm-twisting and won a 217-215 photo finish in the House.read whole post | permalink | comments08.06.2005 Hooman MajdFor the Europeans to not recognize that Iranian pride would not allow for them to close their heavy-water plant at Arak and to permanently cease all nuclear fuel cycle activities is rather astonishing from the ground here in Tehran, and can only mean that the proposals were either meant to be rejected or are a reaction to earlier Iranian threats to resume conversion activities. Isolating Iran was ineffective in the past, and a military strike against Iran might very well inflame an already very hot Middle East. One hopes that somehow, somewhere, cool heads are preparing to get back to the negotiating table...read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Gino DomenicoAFP/Behrouz MehriAP/Greg BakerAP/NASA TVAP/Gerald HerbertFrom time.comFrom adoyle.comAP/Arctic National Wildlife RefugeFrom nytimes.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Armando FrancaFrom wired.com/Courtesy of A9.comFrom FCC.govAP/Yehuda GoldmanFrom static.howstuffworks.comFrom www.nabanet.comAP/Rikard Larma","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"The Expanding Judy FileMother of Fallen Soldier Becomes Victim of Smear CampaignPeter JenningsWhy Are We in Iraq?The Saudi Oil Peril To The U.S.CNN Hearts Britney SpearsThe Russert Watch -- Pattern RecognitionGlobal Warming: A Higher Power Weighs InMarching for Voting, 1965-2005Marilyn and MeThis Is Angry. I Am Yelling. But I Am a White, Male Truckdriver...Johnny Came HomeStarbucks, Dream Bigger!I Predict: Bush Will Pardon RoveNews of the Week in ReviewEmotions: Basic, Primal, Immature, Unevolved?Of Warriors and ChickenhawksRolling Stones and Corporate WhoresHow Schiavo Helped Pass CAFTAA Long Week For Tehran","h3":"ABC News Anchor Peter Jennings Dies...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Iran Resumes Nuclear Program...US Pushes For UN Action...U.S. Troop Levels Likely To Rise In Iraq Before They Fall...UN Oil-For-Food Official Pleads Guilty To Fraud, Money Laundering...Oil Hits Record $64 Per Barrel...Shuttle\u0027s First Landing Attempt Scratched...Foam Issues Delay Atlantis Shuttle Launch…Judy Miller And Cheney\u0027s Chief Of Staff Met To Discuss Plame...Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: The Expanding Judy File...Time Mag Hires New White House Reporter...Military Drafts War Plans To Counter Terror Attacks In US...FBI Hunting Down Radical Right\u0027s Terrorists In US...“Backdoor Budget Chicanery”... GOP Still Pushing Drilling In Alaskan Refuge...North Korean Demand Ends Nuclear Arms Talks...Bush\u0027s Poll Numbers In Free Fall...Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source...Madonna Pursuing Beckhams As Kabbalah Converts...Amazon\u0027s A9.com Photographing Millions Of Streets... Taking On Google, Microsoft, Yahoo Maps...FCC Hires Conservative Advisor To Combat Indecency...Google Bans News Agency For Googling And Reporting Its CEO\u0027s “Private” Info…Census: L.A. Has More Jobs, But N.Y. Pays Better...Researcher Develops Shark Repellent...Banks Tapping Illegal Immigrants For New Market...Study: Teens Get Booze From Parents, No Need For Fake ID\u0027s...Catholic League Pressures Changes For Screen Version Of Da Vinci Code ...Bill Clinton Urges Britons To Elect Tony Blair\u0027s Wife...After Slump, NBC Trying For Comeback...Israeli Finance Minister Netanyahu Resigns Over Gaza Withdrawal Plan...99-lb Woman Eats 35 Bratwursts In 10 Minutes...Pam Anderson Sued For Not Being “Available” Enough…CIA Officer: We Let Bin Laden Slip Away, Pentagon Did Not Provide Enough Support…","h5":"See Novak\u0027s CNN Meltdown…","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 9 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 9 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP92004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Iran Resumes Nuclear Program... in brief | comments AFP/Behrouz Mehri US Pushes For UN Action... in brief | comments AP/Greg Baker U.S. Troop Levels Likely To Rise In Iraq Before They Fall... in brief | comments UN Oil-For-Food Official Pleads Guilty To Fraud, Money Laundering... in brief | comments Oil Hits Record $64 Per Barrel... in brief | comments AP/NASA TV Shuttle\u0027s First Landing Attempt Scratched... in brief | comments Foam Issues Delay Atlantis Shuttle Launch… in brief | comments Judy Miller And Cheney\u0027s Chief Of Staff Met To Discuss Plame... AP/Gerald Herbert in brief | comments Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: The Expanding Judy File... in brief | comments Time Mag Hires New White House Reporter... From time.com in brief | comments Military Drafts War Plans To Counter Terror Attacks In US... in brief | comments From adoyle.com FBI Hunting Down Radical Right\u0027s Terrorists In US... in brief | comments AP/Arctic National Wildlife Refuge “Backdoor Budget Chicanery”... GOP Still Pushing Drilling In Alaskan Refuge... in brief | comments North Korean Demand Ends Nuclear Arms Talks... in brief | comments Bush\u0027s Poll Numbers In Free Fall... in brief | comments Rove\u0027s 20-Year History As Novak\u0027s Source... From nytimes.com comments See Novak\u0027s CNN Meltdown… comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Armando Franca Madonna Pursuing Beckhams As Kabbalah Converts... in brief | comments From wired.com/Courtesy of A9.com Amazon\u0027s A9.com Photographing Millions Of Streets... Taking On Google, Microsoft, Yahoo Maps... in brief | comments From FCC.gov FCC Hires Conservative Advisor To Combat Indecency... in brief | comments Google Bans News Agency For Googling And Reporting Its CEO\u0027s “Private” Info… in brief | comments Census: L.A. Has More Jobs, But N.Y. Pays Better... in brief | comments AP/Yehuda Goldman Researcher Develops Shark Repellent... in brief | comments Banks Tapping Illegal Immigrants For New Market... in brief | comments From static.howstuffworks.com Study: Teens Get Booze From Parents, No Need For Fake ID\u0027s... in brief | comments Catholic League Pressures Changes For Screen Version Of Da Vinci Code ... in brief | comments Bill Clinton Urges Britons To Elect Tony Blair\u0027s Wife... in brief | comments From www.nabanet.com After Slump, NBC Trying For Comeback... in brief | comments Israeli Finance Minister Netanyahu Resigns Over Gaza Withdrawal Plan... in brief | comments AP/Rikard Larma 99-lb Woman Eats 35 Bratwursts In 10 Minutes... in brief | comments Pam Anderson Sued For Not Being “Available” Enough… in brief | comments CIA Officer: We Let Bin Laden Slip Away, Pentagon Did Not Provide Enough Support… in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050809013801,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
