{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.06.2005 Arianna HuffingtonHello from Aspen. Last night, I was at the Aspen Institute\u0027s Ideas Festival. Chris Matthews was moderating an after-dinner discussion at the \"Belly-Up Bar\" between Ted Olson and David Boies. Olson summed up the president\u0027s High Court strategy: nominate someone who will both satisfy the base and get confirmed. And Boies predicted that if Bush nominates Alberto Gonzales, he\u0027d be confirmed. But a Gonzales nod clearly won’t appease the right wing base, which is pushing the president hard on his choice to replace Justice O’Connor. How hard? Well, the other day, I suddenly found myself, for the briefest of seconds, sympathizing with the guy who gave the legal go-ahead to the torture techniques employed at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo.That’s right, Dobson and Bauer and Schlafly and Perkins, and groups like Focus on the Family, the Family Research Council, and Concerned Women for America have been so focused on sticking a knife through Gonzales’ Supreme Court chances that hearing their collective pining for “another Scalia or Thomas”, and reading rants like the National Review’s “conservatives would be appalled and demoralized by a Gonzales appointment,” I actually had a brain freeze moment where, I’m ashamed to admit, I thought: Gee, I hope Bush picks the man who thinks the Geneva Conventions are “quaint”. I wonder if that’s what happened to Boies too when he made his prediction, without voicing any concern, that Gonzales would be confirmed.read whole post | permalink | comments07.06.2005 Deanne StillmanEveryone is wondering what will happen to Matt Cooper now that Time Magazine has turned over his notes. Speaking from experience, I can say that he\u0027s going to run into trouble. And my notes were simply subpoenaed - NOT given up. One of the first things people ask me about Twentynine Palms is, wasn\u0027t I scared to write it? After all, I was hanging out with bikers, gangbangers, Marines with violent histories in non-war zones, lots of people who just wanted to be left alone, including all manner of felons. But the one thing that scared me the most during the nearly ten years I worked on my book was not bikers or killer Marines but Cap Cities/ABC, a major media empire, telling me to turn over my notes.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Christie HefnerObama indicated that he did not believe a sufficient number of Republican Senators would break with the White House to prevent the nuclear option being either used or a sufficiently viable threat to allow the President to put on the court whomever he wanted. He went further to say that while various parliamentary maneuvers could slow down the appointment of ultra-conservatives to the bench, ultimately the way for Democrats to influence the courts is to win elections.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Michelle PileckiSo a bunch of right-wing talk-show hosts are heading on a Truth Tour of Iraq to report on the \"success\" of the war? The most recent press casualty, Knight Ridder\u0027s Yasser Salihee, was apparently shot by a US sniper. He told KR\u0027s bureau chief that despite the danger, he wanted to be a reporter \"because I found it very important to tell the people outside about what\u0027s really going on.\" Gee, that sounds almost like what the \"Truth Tour\" intends, but Iraqi journalists tend to be less sanguine about the \"success\" of the war.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Harry ShearerIt took a while for the news to reach these shores, but Spanish voters in the Galicia region have turned out the Popular Party. The reason this item, normally trivial to American readers, might have garnered some journalistic oxygen is that we were assured by so many suddenly learned authorities on the Spanish electorate just last year that the defeat of the very same party in national elections was a sad signal that said electorate had gone Old Europe and voted out its pro-Iraq War leadership to appease the terrorists who bombed the Madrid train station days earlier.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Craig CrawfordTo those commenters on my earlier posting who are so focused on Karl Rove as the possible source being protected by Matt Cooper and Judith Miller, I gotta bring up the longstanding principle in criminal law: Sometimes the guilty go free to protect the innocent. We need a federal shield law. If putting Cooper/Miller in chains for four months helps get that done, their sacrifice is worth it and worthy of support.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Cenk UygurIf O\u0027Connor is replaced by an even more conservative justice, there is an excellent chance that the wall between church and state will come crumbling down. And if it does, we need to ask ourselves one important question – which Church should we meld with the state?read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Toby BarlowThanks to the Republican efforts, conversations between young white working class eighteen year-olds now run along these lines: GREG: Hey Cheese. What are you doin’? CHEESE: Yo, blood, I’m just heading down to the recruitment center. GREG: Naw way, you’re kidding. Didn’t you read that Victor Navasky piece in The Nation? According to my man Mr N, Rumsfeld’s plan for a smaller quick-hit army continues to backfire. Our troops are undermanned, under-equipped and vulnerable.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Kevin BleyerToday is July 5th, and I’m celebrating my independence from independence. Who’s with me? Ever since I declared my independence (gosh, it’s seems so long ago now -- what’s it been…200 years?), I’ve been lonely. My neighbors don’t swing by to say hello all that often, and when they do, it’s usually to borrow sugar subsidies and trade agreements. I don’t think they truly enjoy my company. I don’t know – it’s just a feeling I get.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellI have a call in to Bob Luskin, Karl Rove’s lawyer, but I’m not holding my breath for a call back. He knows I know too much, since I broke the story last week that his client is one of the secret sources Matt Cooper has been protecting for the last two years. I have three questions for Luskin: You’ve said Rove is not a target of the investigation. Is he a subject of the investigation? Since Time delivered its e-mails to the prosecutor on Friday, have you asked the prosecutor whether Rove’s status has changed from witness to subject -- or subject to target? You told Newsweek that your client “never knowingly disclosed classified information.” Did Rove ever unknowingly disclose classified information?read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Alan DershowitzOne of the dangers inherent in jailing journalists for not disclosing confidential sources, is that this draconian punishment can be invoked selectively against targeted journalists. Two excellent and independent reporters may go to jail while Robert Novak has not -- to my knowledge -- been presented with the tragic choice of disclosure or imprisonment. Why has he been exempted? Is it because he toes the administration\u0027s line? Is it because he knows whether Karl Rove was the source? An explanation for this apparent double standard is called for!permalink | comments07.05.2005 James MooreThe simple, unavoidable truth is that Karl Rove orchestrated the leak of Valerie Plame\u0027s identity. No one who knows this man and has watched him work has any doubt that Rove came up with the idea of the leak and then set the plan in motion. Having watched him as he leaked, lied, obfuscated, and denied for political goals over the past 25 years, my own conviction of Rove\u0027s involvement is unwavering. He has a history of seeking revenge and the Texas landscape is cluttered with political cadavers he left behind before departing for the big show.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Ari Rabin-HavtThe contrast Live 8 and the surrounding issues of global poverty create with the MTV culture is staggering. While most of the worlds population does not have enough to eat, the message of these reality shows is that with the right house, makeup, clothes, car (with the requisite 8 DVD players, smoothie machines and 20 inch rims) and with plastic surgery to look like a favorite celebrity, you too can be cool – and nothing is more important than that.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 Jay WinstenIt’s not clear whether Live 8’s stated goal to “Make Poverty History” reached the crucial “threshold of credibility” with the general public and the news media, rendering it a viable objective for a campaign. Skepticism about the realism of the goal was widespread in U.S. media accounts of Live 8 this past weekend, even among writers sympathetic to the cause.read whole post | permalink | comments07.05.2005 David SirotaA lot of people have asked me which races in 2006 are going to be most crucial. The disgusting Katherine Harris of Bush-Gore 2000 fame is running in Florida - should defeating her be progressives\u0027 biggest priority? Or what about taking out wild-eyed right-wing lunatic Sen. Rick Santorum in Pennsylvania? Both of these races are definitely important. But if you are a progressive who wants to start seeing some fundamental, long-term change, there\u0027s one race in 2006 that stands head and shoulders above the rest in terms of significance: The race to replace retiring Sen. Jim Jeffords in Vermont.read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Army Quietly Pays Halliburton $1B More For Same Services In New Iraq Contract...Gonzales: Why the Enemy of Our Enemy Isn’t Really Our FriendThere\u0027s A Reason It\u0027s The First AmendmentConversation with Senator ObamaTruth or ConsequencesBurying the FollowupRE: Matt, Do The Perp WalkWhich Church Wins?Word Up, DudeHappy Fifth of JulyThree Questions for Karl Rove\u0027s LawyerWhy Is Novak Skating on Rove/Plame Affair?Karl and KarmaLive 8 vs. RealityLive 8--What\u0027s Next?The Most Important U.S. Senate Race in 2006","h3":"Prosecutor Pushes Jail For Time Mag Journalist…BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: Three Questions For Rove\u0027s Lawyer...European Nations Speed Deportations, Launch “Migrant Air”...Astrologer Sues NASA For $300M, Comet Explosion Would “Deform Her Horoscope”...Western Nations Spend 25 Times More On Defense Than Aid...Conservative Media Head To Iraq For “Truth Tour”...New York\u0027s Final Pitch For 2012 Olympics...Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure...Lance Armstrong Takes Tour De France Lead...China, Former Soviet States Press For US Withdrawl From Military Bases...Senator Santorum: Stay At Home, Moms!“Credible Evidence” Iran\u0027s President Elect Involved In Triple Murder...Iraq Insurgents Attack Arab And Muslim Diplomats...Couples Attempt 31-Hour Record For World\u0027s Longest Kiss...70M Year Old Dinosaur Track Found In Alaska Park...A Mansion For A Presidential Pardon...Rep. Katherine Harris Pushed Kabbalah Cure For Tree Disease...Martha Named M. Diddy In Prison, Lockdown Is “Hideous”...Disney Trades Snow White\u0027s Dwarves For Kung Fu Monks...Study: Women Feel More Pain Than Men...Geldof Says G-8 Protest Violence “Stupid And Unnecessary”...Nathan\u0027s Contest Winner Chows 49 Hot Dogs In 12 Minutes...Tropical Storm Threatens U.S. Oil Supplies...Nearly 3,200 Terrorist Attacks Worldwide In 2004...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 6 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG62004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Huff Po\u0027s O\u0027Donnell: Three Questions For Rove\u0027s Lawyer... in brief | comments European Nations Speed Deportations, Launch “Migrant Air”... in brief | comments Astrologer Sues NASA For $300M, Comet Explosion Would “Deform Her Horoscope”... in brief | comments Western Nations Spend 25 Times More On Defense Than Aid... in brief | comments Conservative Media Head To Iraq For “Truth Tour”... in brief | comments New York\u0027s Final Pitch For 2012 Olympics... in brief | comments Star Trek-Style Ray Guns To Keep U.S. Nuclear Plants Secure... in brief | comments Lance Armstrong Takes Tour De France Lead... in brief | comments China, Former Soviet States Press For US Withdrawl From Military Bases... in brief | comments Senator Santorum: Stay At Home, Moms! in brief | comments “Credible Evidence” Iran\u0027s President Elect Involved In Triple Murder... in brief | comments Iraq Insurgents Attack Arab And Muslim Diplomats... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Couples Attempt 31-Hour Record For World\u0027s Longest Kiss... in brief | comments 70M Year Old Dinosaur Track Found In Alaska Park... in brief | comments A Mansion For A Presidential Pardon... in brief | comments Rep. Katherine Harris Pushed Kabbalah Cure For Tree Disease... in brief | comments Martha Named M. Diddy In Prison, Lockdown Is “Hideous”... in brief | comments Disney Trades Snow White\u0027s Dwarves For Kung Fu Monks... in brief | comments Study: Women Feel More Pain Than Men... in brief | comments Geldof Says G-8 Protest Violence “Stupid And Unnecessary”... in brief | comments Nathan\u0027s Contest Winner Chows 49 Hot Dogs In 12 Minutes... in brief | comments Tropical Storm Threatens U.S. Oil Supplies... in brief | comments Nearly 3,200 Terrorist Attacks Worldwide In 2004... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":38,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
