{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Steven Senne07.25.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWhy do the mainstream media seem capable of fixating on only one big story at a time, while never fixating on the biggest story of our time -- the disastrous war in Iraq and the impact it’s having on our national security? It\u0027s the greatest embodiment of groupthink outside a school of mackerel. The mindset that makes the media have such difficulty walking and chewing gum at the same time was in full display on CNN (pointed out by Atrios) when, in the midst of speculating on the impact of the Supreme Court nomination on the Rove story, Bob Franken, CNN\u0027s venerable Beltway reporter, offered up this dispiriting gem: \"Speaking of the Karl Rove matter… that is news that is considered, at the moment, so yesterday. We\u0027ve moved on.\" Yeah, outing a CIA agent is, like, so lame-o, isn\u0027t it? I mean, for sure! But for once, it didn’t quite work out that way, Bob, did it?read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Charlie CrayThe Senate Banking Committee\u0027s nomination hearings for Chris Cox, Bush\u0027s choice to be the new SEC chairman, begin tomorrow morning. Public Citizen\u0027s page on Cox includes a new report on his history as a legislator that makes it clear he\u0027s the wrong guy for the job (as does this great new video). Here are ten questions that Cox should be asked...read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Eric BoehlertIf the notion of a timely, legal heads-up from inside a Republican administration during the early days of a burgeoning scandal sounds familiar, it should. We\u0027ve seen this act before, specifically during Iran-Contra, which ultimately crippled president Reagan\u0027s second term. Back then, the tip-off came from Reagan\u0027s AG and devoted troubleshooter, Ed Meese. Working from the inside and determined to protect the president, Meese\u0027s sloppy, out-of-the-gate legal work conveniently gave key Iran-Contra players, Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North and former national security advisor John Poindexter, ample time to destroy relevant documents regarding the White House\u0027s illegal arms-for-hostage initiative.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Richard BradleyAs if the subway shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes, an unarmed Brazilian man, isn\u0027t bad enough, now the British authorities are making it worse by insisting that they did nothing wrong in killing him. Instead, they are defending their new \"shoot in the head\" policy to stop suspected terrorists. (A policy that we have in the U.S., by the way.) I still haven\u0027t read a good explanation of why this man was shot in the first place. That\u0027s because there is no good explanation.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Peter LaarmanThey call it Fio da Alma, \"thread of the soul,\" in Rio. A July 24 piece in the New York Times reports how it and its sister programs save many thousands of lives across Brazil thanks to a healthy realism about sexuality. The fine piece by Larry Rohter also tells us that the Brazilians will now thumb their noses at U.S. financial aid in order to keep their AIDS prevention programs on point. Reading this on a Sunday morning (I skipped church) meant choking down my rising gorge over the reasons Brazil\u0027s AIDS educators are conscience-bound to reject up to $40 million in new U.S. money. Yup, it\u0027s those Christianists again: it\u0027s the cocksure U.S. born-againers who now rule the roost on any aspect of foreign policy/aid policy they believe might violate Christian moral values.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 David SirotaWe are in an era where the right-wing\u0027s free-market-for-everything ideology has been allowed to be turned into reality – and we are starting to see some serious downsides. Think Halliburton, where an oil company is being allowed to overcharge America for the privatized work it is doing in Iraq. Ordinary Americans realize that there\u0027s an alternative path. Instead of allowing Corporate America to reap the windfalls of good business, more and more communities are trying to get a piece of the action – while making sure the public is adequately served, and not abused. Call it the Community Ownership movement – and hope that it comes to a town near you.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Hooman MajdWhile we in New York are accustomed to the occasional trigger-happy cop shooting an innocent man, in England, where to this day a large majority of the police force are still unarmed, the public are rightly shocked to hear of a young Brazilian man being chased by undercover officers onto a subway train and shot in the head at close range. Five times. Brazilian confused for Asian or Muslim; a young man walking out of a block of flats occupied by suspected terrorists confused for terrorist, and refusing to stop when asked (by a group of plain-clothes armed men) confused for intent to slaughter. The authorities have expressed deep regret but it has been expressly stated that the “shoot to kill” policy will continue. \"Collateral damage\" in the war on terrorism, the war without end, continues to rise, and one wonders if the terrorists haven\u0027t already accomplished some of their goals.read whole post | permalink | comments07.24.2005 Harry ShearerFinally, the roundtable, and finally, the words I\u0027ve been waiting for--Russert admits he\u0027s part of the Plame story: \"What we know so far is that in terms of journalists, Walter Pincus and Glenn Kessler of The Washington Post, Russert of NBC, Matt Cooper of Time magazine have all testified, either in deposition or before the grand jury. We assume Robert Novak has testified because Judy Miller of The Times who didn\u0027t testify is in jail. And there\u0027s been numerous newspaper reports that there\u0027s a difference between the testimony of some of the reporters and Scooter Libby of Vice President Cheney\u0027s office and Karl Rove of President Bush\u0027s office. Bill Safire, what do we make of all this?\" What Safire makes of all this is that Judy Miller, who helped promulgate the same questionable intel that Safire was peddling in his Atta-in-Prague columns, shouldn\u0027t be in jail. What I made of it was that Russert referred to himself in the third person, as if he were suddenly channeling Bob Dole. Harry Shearer likes that…read whole post | permalink | comments07.24.2005 Steven G. BrantWhat did White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card learn from Alberto Gonzales and when did he learn it...and what did he do with that knowledge? This \"whole new can of worms\" (to quote CBS News\u0027 Bob Schieffer, on Sunday\u0027s Face The Nation) is to me the breaking news question of the day. Why? Because on the show, Alberto Gonzales admitted that he called Andrew Card right after he was notified that the Justice Department had opened its investigation of the Plame leak...even though he formally notified The White House staff 12 hours later. Twelve hours?! As Schieffer said: \"That, of course, would give people time to shred documents and do any number of things.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.24.2005 Richard ValerianiWhen John Roberts\u0027 name was announced, there was a lot of excitement in the CBS Newsroom. With no fake documents to mislead them, however, they eventually got the story right. Besides, they concluded that their John Roberts has better hair... Polls show Bush\u0027s performance and credibility ratings at an all-time low. Where were all you people last November? ... China floats the yuan. Yawn.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Tom GilroyThe New York Times Magazine recently ran a stealth press release promoting The Rick Santorum Story on the cover of its Sunday magazine, but I wasn’t fooled. Posing as a ‘profile’ of Santorum, the article was entitled, ‘The Senator From a Place Called Faith.’ Whoa, red flag. Read that again, out loud. Doesn’t it sound like a tag line from some craven Oscar vehicle like Pay It Forward or Anna and The King? We need to start admitting now we know shit when we smell it, and no amount of stealth spin and press releases disguised as profiles will make us buy a ticket to this tired remake ever again.read whole post | permalink | comments07.24.2005 Stephen ElliottI visited Los Angeles County Prison this Thursday as part of the research I\u0027m doing for an article on Alonza Rydell Thomas. Because of the overcrowding even medium security prisoners are often only able to go into the yard for two hours a day. There was one point of light, however: the honor yard. Lancaster is the only prison in the state with an honor yard reserved for well-disciplined prisoners serving life with little chance of parole. Virtually every inmate on honor status is a convicted murderer. To be on the honor yard a prisoner must spend five years incarcerated without incident, have no active gang affiliation, express willingness to program with inmates of any race, and be drug free.read whole post | permalink | comments07.25.2005 Jane WellsBush isn’t the Teflon President, but will Karl Rove become the Teflon King-maker? I am not optimistic that much is really sticking. Several weeks ago my husband announced: “Bush will not survive the term of his Presidency”. “Huh? How d’you figure that?” the cynical wife replied. “Male intuition,” he calmly responded. I bet him $500 he was wrong. Sunday, after reading Frank Rich’s impressive article “Eight Days In July” in the New York Times, he offered me 50 cents on the dollar as settlement. Instead, I doubled the bet. Maybe I am too much of a cynic, but my instinct tells me this is a story that doesn’t feel destined to stick...read whole post | permalink | comments07.24.2005 Jay GordonThere is much more autism than there was when I began my career. The increase in autism has very little to do with better diagnosis. Not everyone who received a vaccine was harmed by it. It is probable that vaccinations have done more good than harm over the last fifty years. But certain susceptible children suffered great harm from vaccines. If we keep denying this last fact, the public will never believe us doctors when we have something really important (and honest) to tell them.read whole post | permalink | commentsAPAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Lee Jin-manAP/Karim KadimFrom nydailynews.comAP/Metropolitan Police/HOFrom media.ps2.ign.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Jeff ChristensenFrom crystaloracle.comAP/Nader DaoudAP/Isaac BrekkenFrom cal.jmu.edu","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"“I’m Coming Out” To Oppose Iraq War On Bus Tour…Can the Media Walk and Chew Gum at the Same Time?Will Cox Be Put on the Hot Seat Tomorrow?The Ghost of Ed MeeseA Death in LondonBaring, or Barring, the Thread of the SoulCommunity Ownership \u0026 Challenging the GOP\u0027s Privatization AgendaShoot To Kill To ProtectRussert Watch -- Pinch HittingThe Gonzales-Card Leak (was: Rove-Plame Leak)News of the Week In ReviewPlease God, Put Santorum\u0027s Script in TurnaroundThe Honor YardWhat Do WMDs, Valerie Plame and Male Intuition Have in Common? (A Lot, I Hope)We Must Continue to Pursue Proof","h3":"Plamegate’s 12 Hour Gap…Huff Po\u0027s Lawrence O\u0027Donnell: Rove And Libby\u0027s Defense … In The Prosecutor\u0027s Eventual Indictment...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"U.S And North Korea Meet To Discuss Nukes...Concerns Rep. Cox Is Too Business Friendly To Be SEC\u0027s Top Cop...Huff Po\u0027s Charlie Cray: Will Cox Be Put On The Hot Seat Tomorrow?Bush “Has To Get People In Place That Have Waited Far Too Long”…14 Killed In Baghdad Car Bombings...Terror Scares On High In New York...Fifth Man In U.K. Blasts May Be at Large...British Authorities Defend Shoot To Kill Policy...Wal-Mart Nearly Doubling Stores In China...Software Firms “Equip Game Developers To Glorify God”…Kids Choosing Religion-Free Camp...Labor Giants To Bolt From AFL-CIO…Armstrong Caps Career With Seventh Tour Victory…U.S. Police Training For Suicide Bombings...How Scary Is A Security Breach On Your Mobile Device?...“We’re Talking About Rape And Murder”...Pentagon Blocks Release Of Unseen Abu Ghraib Footage…Sunnis End Boycott, Rejoin Iraqi Constitutional Panel…Legislation Would Criminalize “Wedding Crashers” Characters...“Checkbook Journalism” Lands In America…Roberts Says “No, No, No Thanks” To Questions...Ricky Martin To Arab Youth: “I Will Defend You”…$100K For Jennifer\u0027s Toilet Paper Love Notes...“Last Season For Us Was Kind Of Like A Colonic”…Police Crack Child Molester’s Code…NASA Says Lift Off Is Tuesday With Or Without Fixed Fuel Gauge...“We\u0027ll Get Through This” At DreamWorks SKG…Time\u0027s Pearlstine: “I Probably Chose To Draw It At A Place Other Editors Might Not Have”…“Pod Porn” Talks Dirty…Blair’s Beauty Comes At A Price…$3,130 To Be Exact…Midwest Simmers At Triple-Digit Temps…“Where Good Things Happen To Bad Movies”...Book Clubs Ensuring Women Writers Out-Sell Men...Hormone Injection To “Switch Off” Appetite...6/10 Americans Think World War III Likely...White House Refuses To Release Roberts Papers…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 26 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 26 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG262004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP U.S And North Korea Meet To Discuss Nukes... in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite Concerns Rep. Cox Is Too Business Friendly To Be SEC\u0027s Top Cop... in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s Charlie Cray: Will Cox Be Put On The Hot Seat Tomorrow? in brief | comments AP/Lee Jin-man Bush “Has To Get People In Place That Have Waited Far Too Long”… in brief | comments AP/Karim Kadim 14 Killed In Baghdad Car Bombings... in brief | comments From nydailynews.com Terror Scares On High In New York... in brief | comments AP/Metropolitan Police/HO Fifth Man In U.K. Blasts May Be at Large... in brief | comments British Authorities Defend Shoot To Kill Policy... in brief | comments Wal-Mart Nearly Doubling Stores In China... in brief | comments Software Firms “Equip Game Developers To Glorify God”… From media.ps2.ign.com in brief | comments Kids Choosing Religion-Free Camp... in brief | comments Labor Giants To Bolt From AFL-CIO… in brief | comments Armstrong Caps Career With Seventh Tour Victory… in brief | comments U.S. Police Training For Suicide Bombings... in brief | comments How Scary Is A Security Breach On Your Mobile Device?... in brief | comments “We’re Talking About Rape And Murder”...Pentagon Blocks Release Of Unseen Abu Ghraib Footage… in brief | comments Sunnis End Boycott, Rejoin Iraqi Constitutional Panel… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Jeff Christensen Legislation Would Criminalize “Wedding Crashers” Characters... in brief | comments From crystaloracle.com “Checkbook Journalism” Lands In America… in brief | comments Roberts Says “No, No, No Thanks” To Questions... in brief | comments AP/Nader Daoud Ricky Martin To Arab Youth: “I Will Defend You”… in brief | comments AP/Isaac Brekken $100K For Jennifer\u0027s Toilet Paper Love Notes... in brief | comments From cal.jmu.edu “Last Season For Us Was Kind Of Like A Colonic”… in brief | comments Police Crack Child Molester’s Code… in brief | comments NASA Says Lift Off Is Tuesday With Or Without Fixed Fuel Gauge... in brief | comments “We\u0027ll Get Through This” At DreamWorks SKG… in brief | comments Time\u0027s Pearlstine: “I Probably Chose To Draw It At A Place Other Editors Might Not Have”… in brief | comments “Pod Porn” Talks Dirty… in brief | comments Blair’s Beauty Comes At A Price…$3,130 To Be Exact… in brief | comments Midwest Simmers At Triple-Digit Temps… in brief | comments “Where Good Things Happen To Bad Movies”... comments Book Clubs Ensuring Women Writers Out-Sell Men... in brief | comments Hormone Injection To “Switch Off” Appetite... in brief | comments 6/10 Americans Think World War III Likely... in brief | comments White House Refuses To Release Roberts Papers… in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050726004055,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
