{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/J. Scott Applewhite07.31.2005 Arianna HuffingtonEver since I started blogging about Judy Miller’s role in Plamegate (and in the selling of the war in Iraq), I’ve been showered with tips and tidbits about Miller. A recurring theme in many of these conversations and e-mails is how Judy, to the dismay of many of her colleagues, never played by the same rules and standards as other reporters. One source e-mailed to give me some examples of this pattern -- one from Feb 2003, when Judy was covering the Iraqi opposition conclave, and was staying with Ahmed Chalabi\u0027s group while the rest of the reporters had to stay 30 minutes away in crappy hotels… and another when she was on assignment in Paris for the Times and conducted her reporting out of the ambassador\u0027s personal residence, where she was staying. Miller has told visitors she’s been permitted to go outside only two times in the three weeks she’s been locked up. But she is allowed to make long-distance phone calls, one of which was placed to her pal Mort Zuckerman to complain about a Lloyd Grove column that ran in Zuckerman\u0027s New York Daily News.And on Friday I had a brief but memorable e-mail exchange with Miller’s attorney Bob Bennett…read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 James MooreOkay. I couldn\u0027t stand it any longer. When I saw the quote today from a New York Times spokesperson about Judy Miller, I blew coffee through my nose. \"Judy is an intrepid, principled, and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who has provided our readers with thorough and comprehensive reporting throughout her career.\" I don\u0027t care how many awards Judy Miller has, she is a miserable failure who has irreperably harmed her country with bad journalism and by allowing her own personal beliefs to infect her reportage. Here is but one example...read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Paul FeigFinally, Bolton\u0027s in! And the best part is that now the guy\u0027s got a bad memory. So, not only will he kick your ass if you\u0027re a country with an office at the United Nations building, but then he\u0027ll forget that he did it and do it again! And again and again! Note to all member countries: The formal \"Welcome Aboard\" cocktail party this Friday has been switched from voluntary attendance to mandatory attendance. Although, since Mr. Bolton may or may not remember if you were even there, it\u0027s up to you whether you want to spend too much time rearranging your schedules.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Steve CobbleGeorge W. made his continuing contempt for the Senate official this morning, giving John \"Mad Dog\" Bolton a recess appointment, only days after Bolton confessed he lied to the Senate. Well, why not? Why should he be the only liar left out? Sure, he\u0027s a \"kiss up and kick down\" type of guy. Sure, he lied directly to the Senate, refused to provide documents, and reviewed secret intercepts he wasn\u0027t supposed to see. Sure, he\u0027ll be the first U.N. rep to have a hand grenade mounted on the wall of his office. Sure, he doesn\u0027t really believe in the U.N. at all. Why should that matter? He\u0027s loyal. And in the faith-based world of Bush \u0026 Cheney \u0026 Rove, that\u0027s all that matters.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Rep. John ConyersHow were the intelligence and facts being fixed? We are starting to see the tip of the iceberg. There is, of course, Joe Wilson. A career public servant, he had the audacity to come back from Niger to tell this Administration news they did not want to hear. So they went after him by outing his wife\u0027s identity as a covert CIA operative. Thus, the facts and intelligence were being fixed around the policy of going to war --- the method: ignoring information that conflicted with the preferred narrative that Saddam Hussain had WMD and smearing anyone who espoused such heresy in the hopes that the smear would deter other whistleblowers from coming forward. Now, in today\u0027s New York Times comes another allegation of fixing the facts and intelligence around the policy.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Anthony LappeWhile in Park City for the 2002 Sundance Film Festival, my partners and I met with the recently unemployed Vice President of the United States. We had been summoned by Al Gore to pitch ideas for his planned, then still mysterious, television network. Over pizza, the conversation turned to the still raw 2000 election debacle. When one of us asked how it felt to have been so close, Gore let out a mock shriek -- like a baby whose rattle had been taken away. It was a shockingly funny, all-too-human response. But he quickly turned serious, and began laying out the case for what he felt was extraordinary bias in television news...read whole post | permalink | comments07.31.2005 Harry ShearerSo we learned late Friday that John Bolton had, to be charitable, forgotten that he had been interviewed by the State Department\u0027s IG in a 2003 State-CIA investigation of the Iraq-Niger uranium story. He had filled out a questionnaire saying he had not, in the previous five years, testified before a grand jury or been interviewed as part of an investigation. You know how you forget those visits from the Inspector General of your own department? So here\u0027s Tim\u0027s kickoff question on Bolton to conservative political panel member Kate O\u0027Beirne: “Word is that tomorrow the president will make a recess appointment. What do you hear?” Way to set the table. The children\u0027s table.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Joshuah BearmanThe thing that set Clinton off was “Hot Coffee” — a third-party mod for San Andreas that allowed the game’s gangsta protagonist to “gird [his] loins for love” and get buck wild with a digital female partner. Her action plan: investigate, legislate — and triangulate. As grandstanding, Clinton’s gambit was a triumph. But as politics, Clinton’s centrist ambush doesn’t bode well for Democrats. She’s out in front, but leading whom? Clinton’s strategy doesn’t just misunderstand video games; it misunderstands the supposed center.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Zainab SalbiThe liberation of Iraq from Saddam Hussein should not mean the restriction of rights for women. Unfortunately, this might be the case if the reports of the new Iraq Constitution allow broad interpretations of Islam to govern women’s lives. At stake are issues that affect women most directly, such as the right to custody of children, the right to inheritance and the right to divorce on the same grounds as men. The time after conflict provides women with a window of opportunity to redress past inequities and expand women’s rights. This window will quickly close for women – and for all of Iraq – unless constitution drafters agree on strengthening and protecting women’s rights.read whole post | permalink | comments07.31.2005 Elizabeth WarrenNewsweek counts eight ambassadorships handed out to $100,000-plus donors since January. Add in Bush\u0027s appointee from Friday, billionaire Roland Arnall, and that brings us to a Big Donor Appointment Rate of one every 24 days. Billionaires, get your bids in now. Roland Arnall paid in at least $600,000 to President Bush\u0027s causes to earn him an ambassadorship to the Netherlands, but where did he get all that money? Should he have the Ambassadorship -- or should it go to the people his company is accused of cheating?read whole post | permalink | comments07.31.2005 Richard ValerianiWith the cost of a barrel of oil at an all-time high, Congress passes a wide-ranging energy bill that raises the cost of a barrel of pork to an all-time high. Congress also passes a $286.4 billion transportation bill. The pork way or the highway…. The writing of a constitution is delayed in Iraq. As Robin Williams has suggested, why don\u0027t we just lend them ours? We\u0027re not using it…. A U.S. General says American forces may start leaving Iraq next spring. It\u0027s called Operation Light at the End of the Sand Dune. But the White House has still not announced an exit strategy for Rovegate.read whole post | permalink | comments08.01.2005 Cenk UygurI have officially given up on the so-called mainstream media (MSM). I used to watch “Meet the Press” and “This Week,” and even CNN and MSNBC, with a faint hope that they were going to come around at some point. But that hope is now gone. It’s not \"Meet the Press\" anymore, it’s \"Meet the Patsies.\" It’s like watching the Twilight Zone. I wonder if I’m being punk’d – if they’ve set up cameras inside my apartment to capture my frustration and they will reveal at the end that they were kidding and purposely not mentioning the truth, or anything related to the truth, just to egg me on.read whole post | permalink | comments07.31.2005 Bill DiamondJust saw in the Huffington Post news rundown that the lightsaber used by Luke Skywalker in Star Wars was just sold at auction for $200,000. Anyway, I hate to use the ol’ HuffPo for my own personal gain but if anyone’s interested, I’m pretty sure I have in my possession two of the original four “D” batteries that were used to power the lightsaber. Obviously I don’t have documentation or a certificate of authenticity or anything “official” like that. But the guy I got them from -- his name is Tom but I’m really not at liberty to say more than that -- says he’s pretty sure it was director George Lucas himself who actually put the batteries in.read whole post | permalink | comments07.30.2005 Thomas de ZengotitaI\u0027ve always liked Joe Biden. I liked him back when his hair implants were so vividly visible, and I like him now that they\u0027re not. I even like the way he gets carried away with his voice and gestures—traits that others make fun of. Hell, I might even support him for president. But I gotta challenge him on a basic founding-fathers historical point. It\u0027s important, because he\u0027s positioning himself as a long-view scholar of the constitution kind of guy and he concluded a speech he made this weekend about the confirmation process for Roberts with what he obviously thought was a slam-dunk closer…read whole post | permalink | comments07.31.2005 Mike PiscalA college graduate who wants to teach in public school must attend school fulltime for one or two additional years (in some cases for as much as $20,000 a year), or she can go directly to work at a public school and take classes at night and on weekends for the next 3 to 5 years, also at her own expense. And the talented young college graduates, who might form a vital corps of desperately needed new teachers, turn away from a field that demands of them a costly graduate degree which can be exchanged for only one thing: a job in a low paying field.read whole post | permalink | comments07.30.2005 Trey EllisWhen you’re divorced each parent has to consciously parent, consciously throw themselves into worrying about the welfare of their children. The workaholic dad can’t say the mom raises the kids, I write the check. Or, more rarely, the Pilates-addicted mother cannot leave parenting to Mr. Mom. Nobody wants to be the one the kids incessantly whine about to their shrink. The other thing that makes us divorceniks such great parents is that we get a break every once in a while. We’re not anchored to our kids 24/7 so when they’re over at the other’s house we get to stay out late, sleep in, or spontaneously decide to catch The Aristocrats at the mall.read whole post | permalink | commentsFrom baptiststandard.comAP/Paola CrocianiAP/Bebeto MatthewsAP/NASA TVFrom images.quizilla.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Gerald HerbertAPFrom blogger.comFrom nytimes.comFrom nytimes.comFrom admin.helsam.dk","h1":"Republican Senator Pat Roberts: A Recess Appointment “Would Weaken Not Only Mr. Bolton But Also The United States”...",".title":"","h2":"Bush Appoints Bolton, Circumvents Senate...The Judy FileThat Awful Power: How Judy Miller Screwed Us AllHe\u0027s In!!!Cobblestones: Mad Dog at RecessHow the Intelligence and Facts Were FixedBirth of a NetworkRussert Watch -- Not Just Watching TimOne Hot Cup of CoffeeWomen\u0027s Rights and Islamic Law in the New Iraq ConstitutionWho Has Tea with the Queen?News of the Week in ReviewThe Old Media is Dead, Long Live the New MediaHistory for SaleJoe Biden Misses the Historical BoatSticking Up 4 TeachersWhy I Recommend Divorce for Healthy Child Rearing","h3":"BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Public Schools Using “An Aggressively Marketed, Blatantly Sectarian Bible Curriculum”…Former CIA Officer Says Agency Knew Iraq Weapons Program Was Non-Existent...Roberts’ Support Of Biased Policies Unearthed…Key U.S. Ally, Saudi King Fahd, Dies...Oil Prices Fluctuate On News Of King’s Death…Iraqis Say New Constitution To Be Ready On Time...Rather: “The Difference Between Love And Sex Is The Difference Between Lightning And A Lightning Bug”...Secret Memo: Air Force Terrorist Prosecutor Complains Of “A Process That Appears To Be Rigged”…Discovery Repairs May Require Unprecedented Spacewalk…Astronauts Hauling 13 Tons Of Trash Back To Earth...Seven More 7/21 Bombing Suspects Captured By London Police...Third Islamist Terror Cell Planning Suicide Bombs In London, “Soft” Targets...Uzbekistan Evicts US Troops From Key Airbase…Pentagon Plans Scale Down To 80,000 U.S. Troops In Iraq By Mid-2006...Five U.S. Soldiers In Iraq Killed By Roadside Bombs...$200,000 For The Original Lightsaber...McCain Calls Highway Bill “Terrifying In Its Fiscal Consequences”...Gun Bill Is “Payback…To The Powerful Special Interest Of The National Rifle Association”…Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: Judy Didn’t Play By The Same Rules As Other Reporters…Book: Hendrix Used Gay Ruse to Avoid \u0027Nam...“King Of Talk” Losing Ratings Battle To Protégé Nancy Grace...War Over Murdoch Family Trusts... Third Wife Accused Of Horning In...GMA vs. “Today“ Show... ”The Wind Is At ABC’s Back, ABC Is Gaining”...How Much Does GQ Magazine Like The Dukes of Hazzard?…Gore Debuts “Current TV”…How The Japanese Gain “Brain Edge”…Atkins Goes Bankrupt…Sen. Specter Seeks Veto-Proof Margin On Stem Cells…Meth Epidemic Questions If Bush Admin.’s War On Drugs Needs A New Plan…“Warning, Ali G In Area Pranking People”...The Thong Market Bottoms Out...Moore’s New Film Already Has Industry “Freaked-Out”…ABC Defies Russian Govt., Airs Terrorist Interview…UN Adds Hormone Pill To Cancer List…","h5":"Republican Senator Voinovich: “A Recess Appointment Will Only Add To John Bolton\u0027s Baggage And His Lack Of Credibility With The U.N”…","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 2 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 2 2004 2005 2006JUL AUG SEP22004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16From baptiststandard.com Public Schools Using “An Aggressively Marketed, Blatantly Sectarian Bible Curriculum”… in brief | comments Former CIA Officer Says Agency Knew Iraq Weapons Program Was Non-Existent... in brief | comments Roberts’ Support Of Biased Policies Unearthed… in brief | comments Key U.S. Ally, Saudi King Fahd, Dies... AP/Paola Crociani in brief | comments Oil Prices Fluctuate On News Of King’s Death… in brief | comments Iraqis Say New Constitution To Be Ready On Time... in brief | comments AP/Bebeto Matthews Rather: “The Difference Between Love And Sex Is The Difference Between Lightning And A Lightning Bug”... in brief | comments Secret Memo: Air Force Terrorist Prosecutor Complains Of “A Process That Appears To Be Rigged”… in brief | comments AP/NASA TV Discovery Repairs May Require Unprecedented Spacewalk… in brief | comments Astronauts Hauling 13 Tons Of Trash Back To Earth... in brief | comments Seven More 7/21 Bombing Suspects Captured By London Police... in brief | comments Third Islamist Terror Cell Planning Suicide Bombs In London, “Soft” Targets... in brief | comments Uzbekistan Evicts US Troops From Key Airbase… in brief | comments Pentagon Plans Scale Down To 80,000 U.S. Troops In Iraq By Mid-2006... in brief | comments Five U.S. Soldiers In Iraq Killed By Roadside Bombs... in brief | comments From images.quizilla.com $200,000 For The Original Lightsaber... in brief | comments McCain Calls Highway Bill “Terrifying In Its Fiscal Consequences”... in brief | comments Gun Bill Is “Payback…To The Powerful Special Interest Of The National Rifle Association”… comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/Gerald Herbert Huff Po’s Arianna Huffington: Judy Didn’t Play By The Same Rules As Other Reporters… in brief | comments AP Book: Hendrix Used Gay Ruse to Avoid \u0027Nam... in brief | comments From blogger.com “King Of Talk” Losing Ratings Battle To Protégé Nancy Grace... in brief | comments From nytimes.com War Over Murdoch Family Trusts... Third Wife Accused Of Horning In... in brief | comments GMA vs. “Today“ Show... ”The Wind Is At ABC’s Back, ABC Is Gaining”... in brief | comments From nytimes.com How Much Does GQ Magazine Like The Dukes of Hazzard?… in brief | comments Gore Debuts “Current TV”… in brief | comments How The Japanese Gain “Brain Edge”… in brief | comments From admin.helsam.dk Atkins Goes Bankrupt… in brief | comments Sen. Specter Seeks Veto-Proof Margin On Stem Cells… in brief | comments Meth Epidemic Questions If Bush Admin.’s War On Drugs Needs A New Plan… in brief | comments “Warning, Ali G In Area Pranking People”... in brief | comments The Thong Market Bottoms Out... in brief | comments Moore’s New Film Already Has Industry “Freaked-Out”… in brief | comments ABC Defies Russian Govt., Airs Terrorist Interview… comments UN Adds Hormone Pill To Cancer List… comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050802000801,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
