{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/Francis Specker07.15.2005 Arianna HuffingtonTrouble is brewing deep in the heart (attack) of Texas for drug giant Merck, maker of Vioxx, the blockbuster pain reliever that turned out to be a killer. The first of thousands of wrongful death and injury lawsuits started yesterday in the Lone Star State, seeking to prove that Merck continued to aggressively market Vioxx even though the company\u0027s own studies showed that it greatly increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes.How many times do we have to travel down this deadly path -- the side of the road littered with bodies and the empty containers of drugs that were approved despite serious questions and left on the market despite growing evidence of damage being done? The answer is simple: until Washington can shake it\u0027s addiction to the judgment-blurring big money Big Pharma keeps injecting into the Beltway bloodstream. Here\u0027s a tip for Democrats searching heaven and earth for a moral values issue that can appeal to voters who believe in \"a culture of life\": make it priority to put an end to the kind of corporate behavior that promotes a culture of death. Then you can stake a claim to being the real pro-life party.read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Kenneth Lerer1. SPEAK. 2. APOLOGIZE, SORT OF. 3. OFFER TO STEP ASIDE, BUT DON\u0027T. 4. FINALLY, BE A MAN, LET SCOTT McCLELLAN OFF THE HOOK. 5. REPEAT AFTER ME. 6. GOOD LUCK.read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Bill MaherI couldn\u0027t help but notice General Barry McCaffrey this week commented on our recruiting problems. He said \"By next fall, we\u0027ll have expended our ability to use National Guard brigades as one of the principal forces, we\u0027re reaching the bottom of the barrel.\" This stood out to me, because a couple of months ago, an Alabama congressman was trying to get me fired for saying on \"Real Time\" that, as far as recruiting went, we\u0027d \"done picked all the low-lying Lynndie England fruit.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Rep. John ConyersAs a matter of national defense, we must immediately determine the extent to which Rove violated the terms of the non-disclosure agreement he signed when he received his security clearance. I am joined by thirteen Democratic Members of the Judiciary Committee in asking Chairman Sensenbrenner for hearings on the matter. If the executive branch chooses to ignore the imperatives of national security, perhaps the Congress can offer a little accountability.read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Victoria HopperIf Karl Rove outed an American undercover operative -- and did it intentionally and for political reasons -- he committed a serious crime that put our national security, and many lives, at risk. And the Dems want him…fired? This is the Democratic call to arms? We’re marching for the dreaded get-kicked-out- of-government-to- make-a-fortune- in-the-private-sector punishment?read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Kevin HassettMany years ago, I was caught up in a mess of my own making that may be informative about the current Karl Rove situation. A couple of my journalist friends advised me of a negative story that was about to break about one of my friends in government (let’s call her Miss Right). A bit later I was, much to my surprise and embarrassment, confronted by Miss Right. She wanted to know why I was spreading bad rumors about her….read whole post | permalink07.15.2005 Craig CrawfordIt looks like Special Counsel Patrick J. Fitzgerald has his own leaks to deal with now. The latest round of Plamegame stories quote unnamed sources familiar with Fitzgerald\u0027s grand jury investigation saying Karl Rove testified that he originally got his information about Valerie Plame from journalists -- in particular, from columnist Robert Novak. We have leakers leaking the leak investigation….read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Kevin BleyerDid anyone see \"The Daily Show\" on Wednesday? So you saw my friend Bernie Goldberg go toe-to-toe with Jon on the topic of people who are screwing up America. Both, it turns out, have given it much thought. I can\u0027t decide who won. On points, perhaps Bernie. On style, perhaps Jon…read whole post | permalink | comments07.15.2005 Stephanie SandbergSo many books about motherhood and work, so little time to consider them due to motherhood and work. The split between career and family is the obsession of the mothers I know who work, and most of the mothers I know work. There are studies that support one’s point of view intellectually, whatever it is – but at the end of the day the best thing for kids is a happy mom…read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Mike McCurryI know Democratic partisans are not supposed to get weepy watching the Bush team wilt under the hot lights of Plamegate, but allow me a little sympathy for Scott McClellan who gets sent out to roast every day from the hot breath of the White House press corps. Been there, done that I would say. I was the press corps pinata for President Clinton during four zesty years that included l\u0027affaire Monique. Sometimes it is the chosen assignment of the White House Press Secretary to go out and get whacked, over and over, to see if anything interesting will spill out...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Harry ShearerDespite reports this week that the BBC was backing off use of the word \"terrorist\" to describe the London bombers -- reports which triggered the usual outrage on the talk-radio prairie, I myself, with my own eyes and ears, heard this today: BBC World Service radio and BBC World News TV both described the bombing victims as having been \"murdered,\" and the television feed described the CCTV photo of one of the bombers at King\u0027s Cross station as depicting a \"terrorist.\" End of story.permalink | comments07.14.2005 Paul RieckhoffAmerican women are fighting and dying every day in Iraq. There are about 11,100 women serving there right now. They make up roughly 8% of the total US force. At least 37 women have been killed and over 300 have been wounded. This is a side of the Iraq War most American people don\u0027t see. Or maybe they don\u0027t want to see...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Paul LoebSeeing William Rehnquist hospitalized for a fever made me wonder. It isn’t likely, but just suppose he slipped into a coma, like Terri Schiavo. As far as I know, there’s no provision to remove Supreme Court justices simply because they’re incapacitated. They have to die or resign. So if Rehnquist were in a coma, he wouldn’t be able to vote, and Bush wouldn’t be able to replace him. If this did happen, would Bush be clamoring to maintain Rehnquist’s life no matter what? Would Bill Frist claim he saw movement in Rehnquist\u0027s blind eyes, and would Tom DeLay call in hit men on judges who wanted to end things?read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Patt MorrisonI left London the day the newspapers were full of second-shoe nightmares, the news that the 7/7 bombers had been born and reared right there in England\u0027s green and pleasant land. Britain has been broad -- not consistently, but in the main -- broad in its embrace of the \"others\" who seek its tolerances. Remember Karl Marx, writing his Das Kapital call for revolution, even as he lived for three decades in the virtual shadow of the Houses of Parliament. Now it seems four Muslim men have brought terrorism to the country of their birth.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Chuck GutensonFrom my perspective as a Christian theologian, those who openly claim to be followers of Christ are particularly worthy of critique when they claim the moral high ground and yet fall so easily into the obfuscation game. The Christians who opposed Bill Clinton rightly objected when he used clever rhetoric to obfuscate; those who supported him were too quick to argue that what he said was “technically true.” We now have an administration that has a high level of support from self-identified Christians. Yet, now that the shoe is on the other foot, the tongue is in the other cheek, so to speak.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Doug HellerOpen up this month\u0027s issue of Flex and you\u0027ll find it dominated by ads for the types of products that Arnold chose not to regulate. These ads pay Arnold\u0027s secret salary, creating a serious conflict for Arnold the Governor. When put to the test, he didn\u0027t have the muscle to stand up to his paymasters and regulate use of the supplements. Arnold has to choose between the private business deals that make him millions and the public he was elected to serve. The Gov should give back all the money and sever the $8 million contract immediately or he should resign.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Norman HorowitzMy father, Solomon Elias Horowitz, was in the dress business. I was happy to go with him to his office at 1385 Broadway in New York. His business was good at times, and not so good at other times -- and there was always a reason when business was bad: \"We had a very late spring.\" \"The economy is bad.\" \"Taffeta is no longer acceptable.\" \"Dark colors are in,\" etc. In the last couple of weeks, there has been much written about the declining motion picture business...read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Susan RiceConservative hacks claim Rove broke no laws. They insist the calls for Rove’s resignation are nothing more than the desperate acts of Democrat pit bulls in heat. In fact, Rove’s defenders are blowing nothing but smoke at America – using a diversionary tactic to focus the public on a secondary issue. Whether or not Rove broke the law, there are two reasons why he must go.read whole post | permalink07.14.2005 Emily LevineForget Karl Rove, what’s up with Arlen Specter? The man who explained the magic bullet theory to the Warren Commission – my favorite piece of sketch comedy after “Who’s on first?” - the Senator who savaged Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas hearings has in the past few weeks declared his ideological independence. “What gives?” I asked my dog. He said, “Cancer. Specter’s dealing with a life-threatening disease.” Which just goes to show you how stupid this dog is. I’ve had cancer and sure, it’s a transformative experience but it’s not that transformative. I didn’t suddenly start dialing up Rush Limbaugh or join the NRA.read whole post | permalink | comments07.14.2005 Dal LaMagnaEverybody’s talking about Rove. Did he commit treason? Is he a good guy or a bad guy? Is he really Bush’s brain? Or is he an extremely able, barely-within-the-law political genius? Certainly his decades of political successes are evidence of his political astuteness. Yet many of them also seem to carry a scent of duplicity, an ability to leak information that ultimately plays a great role in his wins. Let’s take a look back …read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/J. Scott ApplewhiteAP/Manuel Balce CenetaFrom Family Research CouncilFrom CNN.comMagdy el-NasharAP/Faleh KheiberAP/Ron EdmondsReuters/FileHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Robert E. KleinAP/Will KincaidAP/Richard DrewFrom wsj.comAP/Martyn Hayhow, PoolAFP/Toshifumi KitamuraAP/Matt York","h1":"White House Hoping Its Silence Will Make Rove Issue Disappear...",".title":"","h2":"Vioxx Goes to Trial: Will Washington Take Heed?Advice for the ArchitectThe Bottom of the Barrel91 Members Tell Karl Rove to Explain His Role or ResignMarching to Fire Rove Now? Whose Credibility Is Damaged?On Gossip and JournalismQuantum LeakComity CentralMamma MiaA Little Sympathy for Scott McClellanBBC Uncensors ItselfFemales In The FightWould Bush Pull the Plug on Rehnquist?Oh To Be in England, Now That Terrorism\u0027s ThereTruth Telling, the Moral High Ground, and a Modest ProposalSchwarzenegger\u0027s Muscle-GateMy Dad, DVDs, and the Declining Movie BusinessWhy Karl Rove Has To GoSpeculating on SpecterRove: Seeds Of Destruction From Seeds Of His Success","h3":"“I Heard That Too”... The \u0027Architect\u0027 Confirms Plame\u0027s Identity To Bob Novak...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over”“I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”…Santorum Equates Gay Sex With “Man-On-Dog” ... Top Aide Comes Out...GE Profit Increases 24 Percent...San Diego\u0027s Mayor Resigns Amid Scandal, Intense Criticism...Conservative Telecast To Denounce “Court\u0027s Hostility Toward Religion And Christianity”...Christian Groups Plan Take-Over Of South Carolina…Egyptian Biochemist Arrested In London Bombing Probe...“Corruption As An Incubator For Terrorism” ... $300M Wasted In Iraq...Corpses Found By The Dozen…Iraqi Police Implicated…Marine Has Himself Shot To Avoid Iraq Service...Huff Po\u0027s Mike McCurry: “Something Consequential Must Have Happened...”“How Long Is [Rove] Going To Stay On The Staff?”....Enron Directors Give Themselves A Raise…Frist Denies He Hid $1.44M Loan...Emmy Count: HBO 93, CBS 59, NBC 54, ABC 51…Tsunami Ripped 620 Mile Hole In Ocean Floor...“Hot Coffee” Code Unlocks Hidden Sex In Popular Video Game…Get A Date While Filling Up Your Cart...“Good Morning America“ Sends Hot Air To ”Today” Show...Safeway, Albertsons, Walgreen, Kroger Suing Visa For Price Fixing…Growing Meth Abuse Costs Employers Millions...Beyonce Sued For Stealing “Baby Boy”…He Dreamt Of A Three-Second Beer…“The Ethical Problems Are More Systemic And Severe Than Previously Known,” At Govt. Labs…Chirac On The Benefits Of Not Being British…Gov. Schwarzenegger Under Fire For $5M Conflict Of Interests With Muscle Mags…“Dual View” TV…Parents And Children Now Have Even Less In Common…Activist Conservatives Fight Gonzales Nomination...China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”...RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy…Honest And Straightforward... 45% No 41% Yes 13% Undecided","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 16 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 16 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG162004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Novak: Rehnquist To Retire “Before The Week Is Over” in brief | comments AP/J. Scott Applewhite “I\u0027m Not About To Announce My Retirement”… in brief | comments AP/Manuel Balce Ceneta Santorum Equates Gay Sex With “Man-On-Dog” ... Top Aide Comes Out... in brief | comments GE Profit Increases 24 Percent... in brief | comments San Diego\u0027s Mayor Resigns Amid Scandal, Intense Criticism... in brief | comments From Family Research Council Conservative Telecast To Denounce “Court\u0027s Hostility Toward Religion And Christianity”... in brief | comments Christian Groups Plan Take-Over Of South Carolina… in brief | comments From CNN.com Magdy el-Nashar Egyptian Biochemist Arrested In London Bombing Probe... in brief | comments AP/Faleh Kheiber “Corruption As An Incubator For Terrorism” ... $300M Wasted In Iraq... in brief | comments Corpses Found By The Dozen…Iraqi Police Implicated… in brief | comments Marine Has Himself Shot To Avoid Iraq Service... in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s Mike McCurry: “Something Consequential Must Have Happened...” AP/Ron Edmonds “How Long Is [Rove] Going To Stay On The Staff?”.... in brief | comments Reuters/File Enron Directors Give Themselves A Raise… in brief | comments Frist Denies He Hid $1.44M Loan... in brief | comments Emmy Count: HBO 93, CBS 59, NBC 54, ABC 51… in brief | comments Tsunami Ripped 620 Mile Hole In Ocean Floor... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette “Hot Coffee” Code Unlocks Hidden Sex In Popular Video Game… in brief | comments AP/Robert E. Klein Get A Date While Filling Up Your Cart... in brief | comments “Good Morning America“ Sends Hot Air To ”Today” Show... in brief | comments Safeway, Albertsons, Walgreen, Kroger Suing Visa For Price Fixing… in brief | comments AP/Will Kincaid Growing Meth Abuse Costs Employers Millions... in brief | comments AP/Richard Drew Beyonce Sued For Stealing “Baby Boy”… in brief | comments From wsj.com He Dreamt Of A Three-Second Beer… in brief | comments “The Ethical Problems Are More Systemic And Severe Than Previously Known,” At Govt. Labs… in brief | comments AP/Martyn Hayhow, Pool Chirac On The Benefits Of Not Being British… in brief | comments Gov. Schwarzenegger Under Fire For $5M Conflict Of Interests With Muscle Mags… in brief | comments AFP/Toshifumi Kitamura “Dual View” TV…Parents And Children Now Have Even Less In Common… in brief | comments Activist Conservatives Fight Gonzales Nomination... in brief | comments China\u0027s Bid For Unocal Is “National Security Issue”... comments RNC Chair Apologizes To Blacks For Party’s “Racial Polarization” Strategy… comments AP/Matt York Honest And Straightforward... 45% No 41% Yes 13% Undecided in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050716035438,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
