{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AriannaI’ve been asked many times over the past week why would people who already have so many platforms for expressing their views -- books, movies, columns, talk shows -- bother to blog? Today Norman Mailer gives public voice to what many of our contributors have told me privately: When something happens to which you want to -- have to -- respond, there is nothing like blogging. You don’t have to wait for the New York Times to run your op-ed, you don’t have to drive to a TV studio and get into make up, and you certainly don’t have to wait until your book is between hard covers or your movie hits the screens. You can blog about it… unfiltered, uncensored, unedited. Among those doing just that right now on The Blog are Robert Kennedy Jr, Catherine Crier, Larry Gelbart, Hilary Rosen, James Pinkerton, and Mailer himself.05.18.2005 Al FrankenThe Coalition Provisional Authority, which we ran, has lost 8.8 billion dollars. By lost, I mean it’s totally unaccounted for. Not only has Congress not \"looked into\" this $8.8 billion and who might have it now, but it seems that some members are completely unaware that this staggering sum, which was supposed to go toward rebuilding Iraq, is missing. The Sunday morning after the White House Correspondents dinner, I ran into Senator George Allen at a brunch thrown by John McLaughlin and his wife. Allen had never heard of the missing $8.8 billion, or at least that\u0027s what he told me. And he\u0027s on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.read whole post | permalink email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Norman MailerI\u0027m beginning to see why one would want to write a blog. At present, I have a few thoughts I can certainly not prove, but the gaffe over the Michael Isikoff story in Newsweek concerning the Koran and the toilet is redolent with bad odor. Who, indeed, was Isikoff\u0027s supposedly reliable Pentagon source? One\u0027s counter-espionage hackles rise. If you want to discredit a Dan Rather or a Newsweek crew, just feed them false information from a hitherto reliable source. You learn that in Intelligence 101A.read whole post | permalink email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Robert F. Kennedy Jr.For 15 years King Coal and Big Oil, led by the Exxon Corporation, have funded dozens of Washington think tanks stocked with aberrant scientists (known as biostitutes) to persuade the public and the press that the science is still out on global warming and give political cover to the industries’ indentured servants on Capitol Hill -- corporate toadies like James Inhofe and Tom DeLay.read whole post | permalink email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Catherine CrierA purely political maneuver by the Republican majority, this is nevertheless an affront to one hundred eighty years of Senate practice. All of us who care about precedent, about established rules of engagement, should voice objection to this clear attempt to move the goal post when it’s your turn to kick.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.18.2005 John MarttilaWhat\u0027s going on? Why do so many Americans support the preservation of the filibuster -- a parliamentary rule they don\u0027t fully understand?The answer in a nutshell: “because of George W. Bush.”read whole post | permalink email this post to a friend05.18.2005 Patt MorrisonFor all the people who’ve been terrified that a Villaraigosa mayorship means ``Los Angeles, Mexico’’ - just like it said on those billboards for a Spanish-language TV news show - I predict that Antonio Villaraigosa’s first mayoral proclamation will be to calm everyone’s fears by declaring that the official food of Los Angeles is macaroni and cheese.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.18.2005 Marc CooperThe election of a Spanish-speaking liberal Latino to preside over America’s second largest city carries huge political symbolism especially at a time when the national immigration debate is simmering.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Arianna HuffingtonWouldn’t it be delicious if the female orgasm were the thing that tips the scales in favor of the Intelligent Design crowd? It would make for a great closing argument: \"The female orgasm is so complex and strange, it could only have come from God. The reason there is no evolutionary purpose to it is because there is no evolution!read whole post | permalink email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Larry GelbartFor one day, let\u0027s put away our clickers (why change channels any more, when each one carries the same story over and over and over and over again?), let\u0027s let our morning papers lie (turnabout is fair play) where they\u0027ve fallen in our driveways or on our front porches. For one day, let us not tune in to our favorite show; or our favorite wife, serial, or child killer.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 James PinkertonNewsweek offers its own version of “doublethink,” which Orwell described in 1984 as the ability “to know and not to know, to be conscious of complete truthfulness while telling carefully constructed lies.” That’s Newsweek’s contribution to Newspeak: the non-retracting retraction.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Hilary RosenYou just gotta hope that the emasculation of Arlen Spector last year by the right wing has these moderate Republican members wanting to break out. There is no future for them unless they can first demonstrate and then survive independence from the Radical Right.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Greg GutfeldPick up tips. These are all designed to make your target comfortable enough to leave the bar with you:1) Wear a rugby shirt. This makes you seem like as a decent sort of guy. What kind of predator wears a rugby shirt? Answer: None.read whole post | permalink | author bio read all of The Gutfeld Drive-Bys email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Richard BradleyHow wonderfully ironic that, just as the Times is running a series on class in America, it\u0027s introducing a measure that will profoundly divide readership by class.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Eugene VolokhBoy and girl have sex. While girl is on top, girl shifts her body in a way that causes a painful injury to boy. Boy then sues girl, for negligence. I love the law; never a dull moment.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Danielle CrittendenA French woman spends an entire year eating nothing but fois gras, drinking red wine and smoking three packs of filterless Gauloises a day, and finds that not only does she remain thin, but that her life expectancy increases over that of her American counterpart.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Simon JenkinsHave the neo-cons turned yak-eating surrender llamas in the steppes of middle Asia? After five years of lacerating attack from America for \"not seeing the danger in Saddam\", Europeans are understandably watching to see how America reacts to Karimov.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Jim LampleyI hope Sen. Frist and his jackals carry the day. Let them remove those safeguards which have assured the minority party a continuing voice in the Senate, and then let them fret about it for thirty years after the pendulum swings back our way in 2008.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Charlie CrayHalliburton, king of corporate war profiteers, conducts its annual shareholders\u0027 meeting Wednesday in Houston. There will certainly be a lot to discuss. Bribery in Nigeria and Iraq, accounting fraud, contract fraud in the Balkans and Iraq, dealing with former CEO Cheney\u0027s \"Axis of Evil\" (Iran), etc. It\u0027s hard to keep track.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend05.17.2005 Paul RieckhoffCheck this out from Sgt. Greg Papadatos, of the \"Fighting 69th\" Infantry Regiment. He and his guys are using Radio Controlled toy cars to detonate IEDs in Iraq.read whole post | permalink | author bio email this post to a friend","h1":"Congress Votes to Replace U.S. Color-Coded Terrorist Threat Warning SystemReport: Muslim World Largely Anti-AmericanGenerals Offer Sober Outlook on Iraqi WarHeated Senate Showdown Opens on JudgesDems Say Bolton Sought to Punish DissenterUS Mulls Ban on Women in CombatUpskirt Subway Camera Causes Bomb Scare",".title":"","h2":"On The Blog NowWhat in God’s Name is Going On?Intelligence 101AFacts are Stubborn ThingsThe Results Are With Us For LifeWhy Do so Many Americans Support the Preservation of the Filibuster?News Anchors Sent to Pronunciation Camp: Antonio Villaraigosa is LA\u0027s New MayorL.A. Picks \u0027Tony Rap\u0027 For MayorOn God, Darwin, Viagra, and the Female OrgasmAn Immodest ProposalNewsweek\u0027s NewspeakThe Senate PlayroomLONELY NIGHTS ARE CURED!The New York Times Gets GreedyBoy Meets Girl.And I Thought ‘Star Wars’ Was About Missile Defense…Dull EchoThe Emerging Democratic MajorityQuestions for Halliburton CEO David LesarRadio Shack WarriorsBill Clinton: Iraq Changes Good for Middle EastIraq Qaeda Leader Defends Slaying of MuslimsU.S. Says Terror Group Hurting for FundsBlair to Scrap EU Referendum if The French Vote NonAIDS \u0027Kills One in Three\u0027 in South AfricaRev. Jackson Meets with Mexico\u0027s Fox to Ease Race Comment Controversy\u0027USA Today\u0027 Drastically Reduces Its Use of Anonymous Sources","h3":"Florida Court Summons 100 Israelis to Testify in Islamic Jihad Terror TrialGalloway: The Man Who Took on AmericaFalling Oil Prices Launch StocksU.S. Imposes Quotas on Chinese Textiles to Protect Domestic Manufacturers",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"Apr MAY JUN 19 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpApr MAY JUN 19 2004 2005 2006Apr MAY JUN192004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Generals Offer Sober Outlook on Iraqi War in brief | comments Bill Clinton: Iraq Changes Good for Middle East in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Iraq Qaeda Leader Defends Slaying of Muslims in brief | comments U.S. Says Terror Group Hurting for Funds in brief | comments Heated Senate Showdown Opens on Judges in brief | comments Dems Say Bolton Sought to Punish Dissenter in brief | comments Florida Court Summons 100 Israelis to Testify in Islamic Jihad Terror Trial in brief | comments US Mulls Ban on Women in Combat in brief | comments Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here [include name and/or URL for hat tip]: Blair to Scrap EU Referendum if The French Vote Non in brief | comments Galloway: The Man Who Took on America in brief | comments AIDS \u0027Kills One in Three\u0027 in South Africa in brief | comments Falling Oil Prices Launch Stocks in brief | comments U.S. Imposes Quotas on Chinese Textiles to Protect Domestic Manufacturers in brief | comments Rev. Jackson Meets with Mexico\u0027s Fox to Ease Race Comment Controversy in brief | comments \u0027USA Today\u0027 Drastically Reduces Its Use of Anonymous Sources in brief | comments Upskirt Subway Camera Causes Bomb Scare in brief | comments","article":""},"timeStamp":20050519035049,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
