{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From nytimes.com07.31.2005 Arianna HuffingtonA lot of great posts this week, as our bloggers continued to weigh in on the jittery aftermath of the London attacks, the unfolding Plamegate scandal, the Roberts nomination, and breaking stories like the passage of the new, corporate-friendly energy bill. Don’t miss Simon Jenkins, Richard Bradley, Marlon Richards, Hooman Majd, Earl Ofari Hutchinson on London, Carl Pope, Cenk Uygur, and Dan Carol on the energy bill, Paul Krassner and Eric Boehlert on Roberts, and my two posts on Judy Miller and her involvement in the Plame scandal (here and here). Also check out Michael Smerconish’s soul-searching look at “Why Do They Hate Us?”, and, for a change of pace, Adam McKay\u0027s hilarious riff on Jane Fonda, Tom Gilroy on Rick Santorum, Rep. Major Owens\u0027 rap nightmare… and Harry Shearer’s priceless video of Tucker Carlson.permalink | comments07.29.2005 Simon JenkinsThat some London passengers were sadly killed earlier this month does not put the security of the British state at risk. Britain is not at war just because some Arab says so. No amount of tabloid hysteria -- or tabloid government -- should make it otherwise. No city can be immune to bombs but that does not subvert democracy and engender a state of emergency. Anyone who pretends otherwise is an accessory to the terrorism itself. Modern terrorism relies on \"useful idiots\" of the right to exploit any terrorist incident to foment xenophobia, suspend civil liberties and seek revenge from any ethnic group vaguely linked to the incident.read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Michael SmerconishWhy do they hate us? It’s a question that I have avoided for close to four years. Now I find myself re-assessing the situation. In large part, this is due to my having just spent a few hours with CIA veteran Michael Scheuer. Scheuer thinks we Americans continue to be sold a bill of goods, which fosters a misunderstanding of our enemy, and forestalls success in the war on terror. Specifically, we’re told that radical Islam hates us, and attacks us, for who we are and what we think, when that is not the case. It’s not McDonalds, Starbucks, lap dances and Brittany Spears – offensive though Muslims may find those hallmarks of American life. And it’s not about converting us to Islam. To the contrary, says Scheuer, what motivates radical Islam is American foreign policy.permalink | comments07.26.2005 Adam McKayParticularly hard-headed supporters of the war will trot out hotel receipts from the Falluja Days Inn that show a cousin of an Al Qaeda member once stayed there, but come on. Bush himself says there\u0027s no connection. Let it go. But they can\u0027t quite do that. I sometimes think the inability to admit mistakes has caused about five hundred wars, a thousand building collapses and the trading of Shaquille O\u0027Neal for Brian Grant and Lamar Odom. Give up the ghost. We all make mistakes. I supported NAFTA and was completely wrong. I voted for Ralph Nader for cripes sake. I bought AOL stock. But once again, some people aren\u0027t comfortable raising their hand and saying \"mea culpa\" or \"my bad.\"permalink | comments07.28.2005 Harry ShearerIt\u0027s not easy putting on a daily news program that\u0027s, according to the promos, \"so fast it\u0027s changing the pace of news.\" Thanks to a source which can only be named when Judy Miller walks free, here\u0027s Tucker Carlson working on the pacing of a promo for The Situation. And it\u0027s hard work.read whole post | permalink | comments07.27.2005 Arianna HuffingtonNot everyone in the Times building is on the same page when it comes to Judy Miller. The official story the paper is sticking to is that Miller is a heroic martyr, sacrificing her freedom in the name of journalistic integrity. But a very different scenario is being floated in the halls -- one in which Miller doesn\u0027t want to reveal her \"source\" at the White House because she was the source. In this scenario, Miller certainly isn’t an innocent writer caught up in the whirl of history. She has a starring role in it. This version of events also explains why Miller never wrote a story about Plame -- because her goal wasn\u0027t to write a story, but to get out the story that cast doubts on Wilson\u0027s motives. Which Novak did...permalink | comments07.27.2005 Rep. Major R. OwensA few nights ago, I had a dream about the Republicans. I was at a banquet, where they were celebrating the extension of the Voting Rights Act. Needless to say, there were a plethora of African Americans at this event, and as this whole celebration continued, even more Blacks started to magically appear. As our evening came to a regrettable end, “God Bless America” was sung by all and a multitude of benedictions were offered by African-American and Hispanic ministers as the theme banner opened up in large black block type: “REPUBLICAN RULE FOR A THOUSAND YEARS.”...permalink | comments07.28.2005 Richard BradleyPolice explained that they shot Jean Charles de Menezes, an innocent man, five times in the head because he was wearing a \"bulky jacket\" and had jumped the turnstile. \"I\u0027d like to see a photo of that bulky jacket,\" I wrote a few days ago. Now, of course, it turns out that Menezes neither jumped the turnstile nor was wearing a bulky jacket, unless you consider a jean jacket particularly cumbersome. Somehow I have the feeling that the more we learn about this incident, the more it\u0027s going to look like a collection of small [but significant] police mistakes, lack of training, and heightened anxiety. In other words, unjustifiable.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Eric BoehlertJohn Roberts\u0027 nomination to the Supreme Court certainly qualified as Big News at both Time and Newsweek, which delivered all-hands-on-deck profiles for this week\u0027s issue. Fawning, glowing, congratulatory, adulatory, Sycophantic. Take your pick, the stories are so over the top they have to be read to be believed, with the only real question being should Fred Thompson—Roberts\u0027 WH-appointed handler--have received ghostwriting credit? I mean, how could Thompson possible top Newsweek\u0027s almost comical portrait of Roberts as a too-good-to-be-true \"centrist\" who\u0027s \"enormously self-confident\" but \"not arrogant or showy.\" An \"unpretentious\" \"regular guy\" with a \"wicket wit\" who \"mows his own lawn.\" According to the weekly he\u0027s loyal to church, family, school and \"most importantly\" (wait for it…) \"to the law.\"permalink | comments07.26.2005 David SirotaYou could make a credible argument that the DLC\u0027s corporatization/Republicanization of the Democratic Party was justified, had it led to electoral success for Democrats. Few would argue that today\u0027s split-the-difference Democratic Party hasn\u0027t followed the DLC\u0027s policy direction over the last 10 years. That means the last 10 years of elections really have been a referendum on whether the DLC\u0027s model actually wins at the polls. And that\u0027s when we get to the real problem with the DLC -- its policies are BOTH morally bankrupt, and politically disastrous.permalink | comments07.25.2005 Deanne StillmanDear Karen Hughes - According to the State Department website, here\u0027s one of the things that you said when you accepted the nomination for Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs on March 14th of this year: \"I\u0027ll never forget visiting a literacy program overseas where young women were learning to read and I listened through a translator as a 13-year-old girl told me of her dreams of becoming a writer and her belief that women should be able to go to school and work and choose their own husband.\" Now that the rights of Iraqi women are about to obliterated, according to the new draft constitution, what are you going to say to that young girl?permalink | comments07.25.2005 Tom GilroyThe New York Times Magazine recently ran a stealth press release promoting The Rick Santorum Story on the cover of its Sunday magazine, but I wasn’t fooled. Posing as a ‘profile’ of Santorum, the article was entitled, ‘The Senator From a Place Called Faith.’ Whoa, red flag. Read that again, out loud. Doesn’t it sound like a tag line from some craven Oscar vehicle like Pay It Forward or Anna and The King? We need to start admitting now we know shit when we smell it, and no amount of stealth spin and press releases disguised as profiles will make us buy a ticket to this tired remake ever again.permalink | comments07.29.2005 Cenk UygurPlaying the role of Steven Seagal, Tom Cruise and Jesse Ventura combined, George W. Bush barricades himself in the Oval Office fending off the generals. Major General Romig, “Sir, this is against all military protocol.” Bush, “That’s right, I’m dangerous.” Brigadier General Sandkuhler, “This endangers our troops.” George Bush, “I ain’t got time to bleed.” General Sandkuhler, “Sir, it wouldn’t be you who was bleeding. It would be our men and women in the field.” Bush, “Well, they can take my promises to the bank, the blood bank!” Except this isn’t some cheesy 1990’s Seagal movie. It’s real life. These are the concerns that real generals and admirals from our Armed Forces shared with the President before he decided to go outside of international, domestic and military law to authorize torture...read whole post | permalink | comments07.29.2005 Carl PopeThis week\u0027s worst news was the passage, overwhelmingly, of an Energy Bill that makes almost every aspect of our lives worse. According to internal Congressional analysis, it will increase the cost of gasoline, not bring it down. It will provide billions of dollars of new subsidies for oil, gas, nuclear, and coal, worsening the budget deficit and slowing our transition to a clean, new, efficient energy future. Is there anything to like about this Energy Bill? Well, they did abandon the idea of protecting the oil companies from liability for the damage they caused by polluting groundwater with the gasoline additive MTBE. And a proposal to weaken the Clean Air Act was shelved...read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Sarah StillmanOk, picture this: a bunch of immigrant workers congregate to attend a safety training meeting being held by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. The room is packed--not only did the fliers advertising the event explain that it was mandatory, but they also promised complimentary doughnuts and coffee. Now, imagine that the man running the session starts doling out handcuffs instead of Krispy Kremes. What the hell’s going on?permalink | comments07.30.2005 Trey EllisWhen you’re divorced each parent has to consciously parent, consciously throw themselves into worrying about the welfare of their children. The workaholic dad can’t say the mom raises the kids, I write the check. Or, more rarely, the Pilates-addicted mother cannot leave parenting to Mr. Mom. Nobody wants to be the one the kids incessantly whine about to their shrink. The other thing that makes us divorceniks such great parents is that we get a break every once in a while. We’re not anchored to our kids 24/7 so when they’re over at the other’s house we get to stay out late, sleep in, or spontaneously decide to catch The Aristocrats at the mall.read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Dal LaMagnaThe Iraq Relief and Reconstruction Fund, approved by Congress in 2003, totaled $18.4 billion. Many of the reconstruction contracts were awarded to American companies. Many of those companies pulled in employees and sub-contractors from every place but Iraq. American companies are profiting while the unemployment rate in Iraq is between 25 and 50 percent and young people are offered a few hundred dollars to deposit bombs amongst the landscape and people.read whole post | permalink | comments07.26.2005 Rep. John ConyersGoing back a couple of years, I wrote two letters on September 29, 2003 about Treasongate. The first was a public letter (pdf) -- to the Department of Justice asking for a Special Prosecutor. The second (pdf) was not a public letter. It was to Central Intelligence Agency Director George Tenet. I was troubled by reports that the DOJ was, to put it mildly, being less than responsive to the CIA concerns about the leak. The response I received (pdf) added some stunning detail to the Justice Department\u0027s footdragging. The letter indicates that the Central Intelligence Agency was repeatedly stonewalled by the DOJ and, in fact, couldn’t even get their letters answered or calls returned...permalink | comments07.26.2005 Marlon RichardsLondon is playing catch up in the paranoia stakes right now. I remember it well, furtive eyeballing of \u0027olive-skinned\u0027 individuals, wide berths for backpack-toting bearded men...that was then (NYC fall 2001), and now... it seems to me that fear is \"the new black.\" We instill it in our people to exert indirect control. London is no newcomer to such things, the IRA had their fun, but what happens when they go away? We\u0027ll get a new bugbear, a disparate, desperate underclass of pissed-off Muslims, ready to subject us to a little Jerry Bruckenheimer magic.permalink | comments07.28.2005 Laurie DavidA recent study published in the journal Nature clearly stated that severe heat waves are now four times as likely to occur because of increased carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere. This summer\u0027s miserable heat and extreme weather are going to be the norm. The death count from the heat is mounting... and it\u0027s only July. Those dying are not just homeless people, but people of all ages and income levels, including a 29-year-old hiker in Kentucky, a 40-year-old woman in Ohio, children in Oklahoma and a very healthy marathon runner in Europe. Let\u0027s wake up, America... we need some good old moral outrage!read whole post | permalink | comments07.28.2005 Doug HellerWhen Rep. Chris Cox testified before the Senate Banking Committee about his nomination to head the SEC on Tuesday, he seems to have scooted over the honesty line. In response to questions about his past involvement in the First Pension investment scam that took unsuspecting small investors for $130 million and subsequent lawsuits, Cox said: \"I did preliminary work on a small SEC-registered public offering...[and] I had the entirety of the complaint dismissed against me, and there was no settlement of the matter either. I prevailed on the claim in the court.\" This statement was made under oath and was false in two respects and misleading in its entirety.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/ Matthew FearnAP/Italian policeAP/John BazemoreReuters/Ali JasimAP/Itsuo InouyeAP/Jose CendonAP/Geert Vanden WijngaertHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/NASA TVAP Photo/Steven SenneFrom images.quizilla.comFrom stcloudst.eduFrom nydailynews.comFrom www.ijamming.net","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Human-Induced Climate Change Affecting Ecosystems Everywhere...Sunday RoundupLondon: Resisting the \"Useful Idiots\"Why Do They Hate Us?FONDA 2.0Found Object: Energy, Energy, EnergyJudy Miller: Do We Want To Know Everything or Don\u0027t We?My NightmareThe Murder of Jean Charles de MenezesNewsweek, Time Heart John RobertsThe Democrats 2008 Choice: Sell Out \u0026 Lose, Or Stand Up \u0026 WinDear Karen Hughes: Does \"W\" Stand for the Women of Iraq?Please God, Put Santorum\u0027s Script in TurnaroundGeorge W. Bush: Above the LawBlack FridayThe Sting That Keeps on StingingWhy I Recommend Divorce for Healthy Child RearingReconstructing Iraq: Exit Strategy Part One -- Hire More IraqisWhat About the Ten Week Gap?Suspects SoughtOur Sizzling PlanetDid Bush\u0027s SEC Nominee Perjure Himself at Senate Confirmation Hearing?","h3":"Seven More 7/21 Bombing Suspects Captured By London Police...Third Islamist Terror Cell Planning Suicide Bombs In London, “Soft” Targets...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Man Wanted To “Sow Terror”, Admits Role In Attacks...Pentagon Plans Scale Down To 80,000 U.S. Troops In Iraq By Mid-2006...Carter: Iraq War “Unnecessary And Unjust”...Five U.S. Soldiers In Iraq Killed By Roadside Bombs...McCain Calls Highway Bill “Terrifying In Its Fiscal Consequences”...$223M “Bridge To Nowhere” In Alaska Part Of Passed Transportation Bill…36 Senators Warn Bush That Bolton Is “Not Truthful,” Urge Prez. To Not Make Recess Appointment…Roberts\u0027s Conservatism Stood Out As Rehnquist Protegee...Gun Bill Is “Payback…To The Powerful Special Interest Of The National Rifle Association”…2,000,000 Homeless, 500,000 Hungry Children In Darfur...Bush Admin. Suffers Defeat In Patriot Act Renewal…Lance Armstrong Loses Court Battle…Hybrid Drivers Granted Special Privileges…God Versus Satan: Who’s The Better Investor?Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: How Deep Do Judy Miller\u0027s Connections Run?...Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: Her Involvement In Plamegate….Astronauts Hauling 13 Tons Of Trash Back To Earth...Meth Epidemic Questions If Bush Admin.’s War On Drugs Needs A New Plan…“Warning, Ali G In Area Pranking People”...$200,000 For The Original Lightsaber...The Thong Market Bottoms Out...Moore’s New Film Already Has Industry “Freaked-Out”…ABC Defies Russian Govt., Airs Terrorist Interview…UN Adds Hormone Pill To Cancer List…Sex Offenders To Be Tracked With GPS…Soldier\u0027s Song About “Hell” Of Iraq Becomes U.S. Country Hit...“Fawlty Towers“ Meets The ”Twilight Zone”... Magic Fading At Disney?...Jon Stewart And Tucker Carlson Go Head-To-Head At 11 pm...Tucker Carlson: “#$\u0026*$%#@”...Astronomers Discover Tenth Planet In Solar System...Prostitution Complex In Construction For Next Year\u0027s Soccer World Cup...Pollution Causes Record High Beach Closings Across U.S...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN AUG SEP 1 2004 2005 2006 31,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN AUG SEP 1 2004 2005 2006JUN AUG SEP12004 2005 200631,279 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16AP/Italian police Man Wanted To “Sow Terror”, Admits Role In Attacks... in brief | comments Pentagon Plans Scale Down To 80,000 U.S. Troops In Iraq By Mid-2006... in brief | comments AP/John Bazemore Carter: Iraq War “Unnecessary And Unjust”... in brief | comments Reuters/Ali Jasim Five U.S. Soldiers In Iraq Killed By Roadside Bombs... in brief | comments McCain Calls Highway Bill “Terrifying In Its Fiscal Consequences”... in brief | comments $223M “Bridge To Nowhere” In Alaska Part Of Passed Transportation Bill… in brief | comments 36 Senators Warn Bush That Bolton Is “Not Truthful,” Urge Prez. To Not Make Recess Appointment… AP/Itsuo Inouye in brief | comments Roberts\u0027s Conservatism Stood Out As Rehnquist Protegee... in brief | comments Gun Bill Is “Payback…To The Powerful Special Interest Of The National Rifle Association”… in brief | comments AP/Jose Cendon 2,000,000 Homeless, 500,000 Hungry Children In Darfur... in brief | comments Bush Admin. Suffers Defeat In Patriot Act Renewal… in brief | comments AP/Geert Vanden Wijngaert Lance Armstrong Loses Court Battle… in brief | comments Hybrid Drivers Granted Special Privileges… in brief | comments God Versus Satan: Who’s The Better Investor? in brief | comments Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: How Deep Do Judy Miller\u0027s Connections Run?... Huff Po\u0027s Arianna Huffington: Her Involvement In Plamegate…. comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette AP/NASA TV Astronauts Hauling 13 Tons Of Trash Back To Earth... in brief | comments Meth Epidemic Questions If Bush Admin.’s War On Drugs Needs A New Plan… in brief | comments AP Photo/Steven Senne “Warning, Ali G In Area Pranking People”... in brief | comments From images.quizilla.com $200,000 For The Original Lightsaber... in brief | comments The Thong Market Bottoms Out... in brief | comments Moore’s New Film Already Has Industry “Freaked-Out”… in brief | comments From stcloudst.edu ABC Defies Russian Govt., Airs Terrorist Interview… in brief | comments UN Adds Hormone Pill To Cancer List… in brief | comments Sex Offenders To Be Tracked With GPS… in brief | comments Soldier\u0027s Song About “Hell” Of Iraq Becomes U.S. Country Hit... in brief | comments From nydailynews.com “Fawlty Towers“ Meets The ”Twilight Zone”... Magic Fading At Disney?... in brief | comments From www.ijamming.net Jon Stewart And Tucker Carlson Go Head-To-Head At 11 pm... in brief | comments Tucker Carlson: “#$\u0026*$%#@”... comments Astronomers Discover Tenth Planet In Solar System... in brief | comments Prostitution Complex In Construction For Next Year\u0027s Soccer World Cup... in brief | comments Pollution Causes Record High Beach Closings Across U.S... in brief | comments Breaking News Agence France-Press Associated Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo Reuters UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050801002637,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
