{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"06.30.2005 Arianna HuffingtonNow that the dust kicked up by Bush’s big speech has settled, it’s becoming clear what the strategy is in the new Iraq offensive. Not the one in Iraq -- there’s obviously no new strategy there. I mean the Iraq offensive over here -- where Republican troops are being sent out armed with the exact same talking points, to be repeated endlessly in an attempt to protect Bush’s poll numbers. The latest weapon? The absurd notion that we have to fight the terrorists over there, or we’ll just be fighting them here.Rumsfeld trotted out this meaningless meme on Fox News a week before Bush’s speech: “If you think about it, these folks are over there doing a superb job for our country. They\u0027re fighting terrorists there so we don\u0027t have to fight them here at home.” And here’s how Bush himself put it Tuesday night: “We either deal with terrorism and this extremism abroad, or we deal with it when it comes to us.”This is utterly ludicrous. The vast majority of the insurgents are Sunni Baathists, who had little or no connection to Al Qaeda. It’s just another part of Bush’s ongoing attempt to link Osama bin Laden, Al Qaeda and 9/11 with his ever-shifting rationale for invading Iraq. It’s too bad Bush and his political troops don’t put as much thought into effectively fighting the war on terror as they do into crafting smoke-and-mirror justifications for the mess they’ve gotten us into in Iraq.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Jim MooreBefore she is carted off to jail for refusing to identify her source in the Valerie Plame leak case, the New York Times needs to fire Judith Miller. Miller, who harmed the reputation of both her newspaper and her craft with bungled reporting in advance of the Iraqi invasion, is the last person journalism needs to have serving as its martyr. She was wrong about virtually everything she wrote on Iraq\u0027s weapons of mass destruction. And Miller is just as wrong about protecting her Plame source instead of protecting her country.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Laurie DavidWe are planning a fall campaign to launch a new challenge to encourage students to join the Virtual March on Washington to Stop Global Warming. And we were trying to figure out what the prize should be for the student who recruits the most marchers. That\u0027s when I blurted out, \"I know! Let\u0027s curb global warming and win Larry David\u0027s car!\" Everyone loved it, and now I was left with the unenviable task of telling him I had just given his car away in the pursuit of stopping global warming.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Adam McKayLESSON #1: Be very careful when making Hitler or Nazi comparisons. Here\u0027s the bottom line: The Nazis killed like fifty-million people. They were the Babe Ruths of evil. W has screwed up Iraq and the EPA. So he\u0027s got a long, long way to go. He\u0027s more like the Dan Quisenberry of evil.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Trey EllisWhat I\u0027m seeing now in the Wal-Mart parking lot is a sea of yellow ribbons. I don\u0027t know anyone either serving in Iraq or even with family serving over there, but around here Bush\u0027s bloody catastrophe touches most everyone. This is what we have in common. We have opposed the war from the beginning. They are beginning to as they come to realize that their sons and daughters were cavalierly put into harms way by a rich boy afraid to put himself in harms way when he was called.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaGrown men and women fled the Capitol because an aircraft was found to be flying, of all things, in the sky. What, really, is all of the fuss about? After all, was it not just the other day the president informed us that “we are fighting them over there” so we don’t have to “fight them over here?” Regardless of who \"them\" are, he made clear that “we,” whomever we are, were really quite safe \"here,” wherever here actually is.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Robert A GeorgePresident Bush repeatedly reminds us that America was attacked on September 11th but, contrary to what we were repeatedly told after September 11th, one man wasn\u0027t responsible. This man -- once \"wanted dead or alive\" -- who helped create an international gang, is now just a reference and an allusion. Reading the president\u0027s words literally, one could begin to believe that the Middle East isn\u0027t really in danger from the head of al Qaeda, only \"men like bin Laden.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Walter ShapiroWednesday afternoon a federal judge told Matt Cooper of Time and Judy Miller of the New York Times that he would send them to jail in a week for contempt. Unless their attorneys miraculously succeed with desperation legal arguments, these two brave reporters will be punished for the age-old offense of refusing to name names. Matt and Judy are among my closest friends, so if you are looking for dispassionate analysis, boy, have you clicked onto the wrong website.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Rob LongI’ve known and worked with a few prominent Scientologists in my career, and all of them – really, honestly now, all of them – have been incredibly polite, considerate people. So why the snickers and derision and spooky-voice reaction to what is, let’s be honest, an eccentric but not totally nutty set of beliefs that somehow leads actors to avoid drugs and write thank-you notes? Sure it’s weird when you get really into it, but then, no one has ever clearly explained the idea of the Holy Ghost to me, either.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Alan DershowitzThe University of California Press (UCP) and one of its authors are involved in a fraudulent charade designed to garner publicity for a trashy book by an anti-Semite whose main audiences are neo-Nazis in Germany and Islamic extremists in the United States. The author is someone you’ve probably never heard of. His name is Norman Finkelstein.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Chuck GutensonThe positions I take with my daughter are generally based upon my own study and reflection on how it is that God would have us all live together. Think how much easier it would be to use the approach on our children that this administration and its supporters are so willing to use on us! When she disagrees with me on value judgments, I could say, “Sure, you can disagree with me if you want, but my values are the values that made America great, and if you call those into question, you shame America and give aid and comfort to terrorists everywhere!”read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 George LakoffRove managed to link Iraq with 911 again, and to delegitimate the Democrats in the process. And he did it with the Democrats’ help. They helped Rove get Iraq identified with the war on terror again, characterizing the Democrats as unpatriotic naïve weaklings, and setting the stage for Bush’s address on June 28, 2005. This time John Kerry stepped in to help Bush, basically supporting the president’s position but offering policy-wonk modifications. The message: Bush is basically right, except for some minor twiddles.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Deepak ChopraIf you have restless slumber or find it difficult to fall asleep, then avoid drinking alcohol and caffeine, especially in the evenings. Most sleep disorders are the result of an imbalance in some other part of your life. Removing toxic elements from your life – be they in the form of substances you ingest (drugs, food, and so on), relationships, or other sources of stress – is the easiest and most effective way of making the sleep experience a pleasant one.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 David SirotaIt\u0027s simple: this President, unlike any other, brazenly lied to America about why we went to war, and polls show Americans know he lied. This is why this president in particular will never find support for the Iraq War - because the war itself is a constant reminder that Bush and his administration are comfortable misleading America, even when it comes to the most sacred life and death decisions.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Michael ShermerIn the beginning—specifically on October 23, 4004 B.C., at noon—out of quantum foam fluctuation God created the Big Bang. The bang was followed by cosmological inflation. God saw that the Big Bang was very big, too big for creatures that could worship him, so He created the earth. And darkness was upon the face of the deep, so He commanded hydrogen atoms (which He created out of Quarks and other subatomic goodies) to fuse and become helium atoms and in the process release energy in the form of light.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Randall RobinsonA few weeks before the insurgency in Iraq got rolling nearly two years ago, I learned from casual inquiry that the insurgents had long envisioned the war in Iraq as two wars, not one. In the first war, they foresaw heedless American forces making short work of storming the country and toppling its government. For the second war, the leaders of the insurgency had by then already laid plans for the intractable insurgency that nobody in White House saw coming.read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 Doug HellerYesterday, with everybody watching the President\u0027s speech, California\u0027s leading man pulled a W of his own by appointing an oil industry lobbyist to run the California Air Resources Board. This from the governor who promised: \"I will fight for the environment. Nothing to worry about.\"read whole post | permalink | comments06.29.2005 David ReesMichael Ignatieff is so far up his own ass, his ankles are coming out of his ears. To summarize his argument in Sunday\u0027s New York Times: 1. Bush invaded Iraq to fulfill the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. 2. Bush explicitly sold the war as the fulfillment of the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. 3. Americans supported the war (and re-elected Bush) because they love the Ultimate Task of Thomas Jefferson\u0027s Dream. Point #1 may or may not be true; I have my doubts. Points #2 and 3 are demonstrably false. Bush did not sell the Iraq war as a war of Jeffersonian liberation -- he retroactively justified it as one.read whole post | permalinkHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"TIME Will Reveal Bush Admin. Source To Save Reporter From Jail...Bush: Fighting the PR War Here So He Doesn’t Have to Answer for the Disastrous One Over ThereJudge Judy; And Then Send Her to Jail Until She TalksTrue StoryHow to Get Mad Without Sounding Bonkers: A PrimerSocial Circle, GeorgiaLook Mummy, There\u0027s an Airplane up in the SkyBin There, Not Done ThatJail-House Door BluesI Heart ScientologyFinkelstein\u0027s Fraudulent Charade With the UCP“Come, Let Us Reason Together...”Rove Rides Again -- With the Help of the DemocratsRemoving ToxicityWhy Bush Will Never Be Able to Regain Support for the WarDear KansasOur Leaders - Dumb, Blind, or Both?Arnold W. SchwarzeneggerMy Old Bus Stop","h3":"2/5 Americans Favor Impeachment If Bush Lied On Iraq...Hostage Takers Say Iran\u0027s President Had No Role...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"EPA Says Dupont\u0027s Teflon \u0027Likely\u0027 Carcinogen...Bodies Of 16 US Troops Recovered...Most Iraq Suicide Bombers Foreign Recruits...Mayor Of Baghdad Threatens To Resign...New Gay Channel Not Available To Most Of San Fran...Taiwanese Scientists Hope Multi-Colored Rice Will Lure Kids From Fast Food...Spain Approves Gay Marriage Amid Protests...Idol\u0027s Studdard Sues Ex-Manager For Identity Theft...Money For Airport Security: $1,540 For 14 Extension Cords, $1,180 For 20 Gallons Starbucks Coffee...Feds Play Constant Catch-Up Busting Identity Thieves...Study “Shows The General Without Its Clothes, And It\u0027s Not Pretty”...Ben Affleck Marries Pregnant Jennifer Garner In Secret CeremonyCongress Set To Approve Private Toll Roads...Patriots Owner Gave Putin Ring As Sign Of “Respect And Admiration”...Fed Raises Interest Rate Another Quarter-PointABC Pulls Reality Show...Spy Agency Shake-Up...Fly Girl Dishes About Former Lovers Shaq, P. Diddy, Vin Diesel...Never Heard Of Lenovo, Haier, CNOOC? You will...U.S. Reports First Homegrown Case Of Mad Cow...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"MAY JUL AUG 1 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUL AUG 1 2004 2005 2006MAY JUL AUG12004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16EPA Says Dupont\u0027s Teflon \u0027Likely\u0027 Carcinogen... in brief | comments Bodies Of 16 US Troops Recovered... in brief | comments Most Iraq Suicide Bombers Foreign Recruits... in brief | comments Mayor Of Baghdad Threatens To Resign... in brief | comments New Gay Channel Not Available To Most Of San Fran... in brief | comments Taiwanese Scientists Hope Multi-Colored Rice Will Lure Kids From Fast Food... in brief | comments Spain Approves Gay Marriage Amid Protests... in brief | comments Idol\u0027s Studdard Sues Ex-Manager For Identity Theft... in brief | comments Money For Airport Security: $1,540 For 14 Extension Cords, $1,180 For 20 Gallons Starbucks Coffee... in brief | comments Feds Play Constant Catch-Up Busting Identity Thieves... in brief | comments Study “Shows The General Without Its Clothes, And It\u0027s Not Pretty”... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Ben Affleck Marries Pregnant Jennifer Garner In Secret Ceremony in brief | comments Congress Set To Approve Private Toll Roads... in brief | comments Patriots Owner Gave Putin Ring As Sign Of “Respect And Admiration”... in brief | comments Fed Raises Interest Rate Another Quarter-Point in brief | comments ABC Pulls Reality Show... in brief | comments Spy Agency Shake-Up... in brief | comments Fly Girl Dishes About Former Lovers Shaq, P. Diddy, Vin Diesel... in brief | comments Never Heard Of Lenovo, Haier, CNOOC? You will... in brief | comments U.S. Reports First Homegrown Case Of Mad Cow... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":30,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
