{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"From whitehouse.gov07.21.2005 Arianna HuffingtonI’ve just arrived in Palermo. On my way over, I decided to brush up on my Sicilian history -- and that meant delving into Thucydides and his epic chronicle of the disastrous Sicilian Expedition. Of course, I had been forced to read all that as a Greek schoolgirl. But oh what a difference the passage of many, many years and one Iraq war have made in my reading of the great Athenian soldier-historian. The parallels between his rendering of the Sicilian Expedition -- a case study in imperial power gone awry -- and our current situation in Iraq are inescapable and chilling…In the end, Athens’ ill-fated invasion of Sicily helped bring about the end of the Athenian empire proving Toynbee’s dictum: “An autopsy of history would show that all great nations commit suicide”. Karl Rove is famously a student of U.S. history. Maybe someone should send him a copy of Thucydides. I’ll see if I can find a FedEx drop-off in Palermo.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Lawrence O\u0027DonnellIn the 21 days since I broke the story that Karl Rove was Matt Cooper\u0027s source, Rove has obviously been in charge of the day-to-day strategy of what his lawyer, Bob Luskin, leaks to the press. Rove is stealing a page from the Clinton scandal management playbook. He is trying to set the stage for the day the prosecutor turns over his cards. Rove-Luskin will then call it all \"old news.\" Everything Rove-Luskin has leaked has been printed in a form most favorable to the Rove defense without a word of leaked input from the prosecutor. When the prosecutor tells his story, don\u0027t expect him to accept Rove\u0027s currently uncontested claim that he does not recall who told him that Wilson\u0027s wife was a CIA agent and don\u0027t expect the \"old news\" spin to work. When the prosecutor has his day, he is going to make new news.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Richard BradleyCNN reports that Vanity Fair has just lost the libel suit brought against the magazine by film director Roman Polanski. The VF article in question was a profile of Elaine\u0027s, the writer\u0027s hangout on New York\u0027s Upper East Side. It mentioned that Polanski had tried to seduce a woman there while on the way to his wife\u0027s funeral, telling her something like, \"I could make you the next Sharon Tate.\" Polanski sued, saying that he had done no such thing. Turns out that he did, with one big caveat: It wasn\u0027t on the way to Sharon Tate\u0027s funeral, but several weeks after the funeral, when Polanski tried to seduce a Scandinavian model with that unfortunate line.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Adam McKayIf I were alive during Roman times I would hopefully decry the barbarism of the Colliseum, but at the same time it would be hard not to buy a ticket to the Six Aegean Slaves Vs a Rhinocerus matinee. Or how could you turn away from the Four Ostriches With Razors on the Talons Vs Two Monkeys and a Cobra. It\u0027s the same with these TV shows. Donald Trump is so awful and idiotic to these perspiring wannabe entrepenuers, it\u0027s enthralling. I can\u0027t wait for the day when one contestant says to Trump \"What are you talking about Don? You inherited your seed money.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Van JonesI grew up in the Black churches of the rural south, listening to the stories of my elders. As children, we heard about the good and brave people who had poured their blood out on the ground so that we could be free. We learned how police officers had clubbed them and jailed them. We learned how Klansmen had shot them and lynched them. And how the G-men from Washington had just stood by and doodled in their notepads. We learned of marches and mayhem, freedom songs and funerals. We saw images of Black women on their hands and knees, searching for their teeth on Mississippi sidewalks – crawling while still clutching their little American flags...read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Hooman MajdNew York Times columnist Tom Friedman wants the names of the “excuse makers.” And who are these excuse makers? In agreeing with James Rubin, the former State Department spokesman, Tom writes that \"after every major terrorist incident, the excuse makers come out to tell us why the terrorists acted. And these \u0027excuse makers\u0027 are just one notch less despicable than the terrorists.\" Really? I\u0027m sure on this site alone Jann Wenner, Deepak Chopra, myself, and a host of other writers appreciate knowing how utterly despicable you think they are. As do the British politicians George Galloway and Ken Livingstone, and newspaper editors the world over. So there’s your start, Tom, but if you need more names, next time you’re in Cairo, Damascus, Jeddah or Karachi -- bring back the local phone book with you.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Joan Juliet BuckWhen Air America was unrolled over New Mexico I rejoiced. I would hear news and the opinions of my own tribe in the tones of my tribe: measured cadences, husky perhaps with regret, imparting facts and figures as transparent and painful as the truth. Instead, there is the voice of Randi Rhodes: screaming, squawking, screeching, selling, alas, what appear to be the same two or three ideas of what is called the left by the right. She too has the end-of-auction shipwreck voice, but instead of defensive, its mode is aggressive. I thought I was coming back to America to hear some discourse, some perspective. Is it possible that the only mode for political radio is the screeching hard sell?read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Craig CrawfordWe in the MSM should stop obsessing on the 1982 statute requiring proof of intent to reveal an agent\u0027s identity. Independent Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald is NOT limited to this statute for a possible indictment. There are many tools available to him, including a perjury prosecution and the broadly-written criminal conspiracy statute. Both of these options would get around the tough standard of proof in the intent-to-reveal statute that has gotten so much attention.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Karen RussellJohn Roberts’ nomination to the Supreme Court reminds us why more of us need to question the alleged virtue of a having a “strict constructionist” on the Supreme Court. In 1886, the “strict constructionists” on the Supreme Court in Plessy v. Ferguson declared that “separate but equal” didn’t violate the Constitution’s equal protection clause. That was the wrong decision then and it remained the wrong decision until it was finally overturned by Brown v. The Board of Education in 1954 by “activist judges”...read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Paul RieckhoffIn an act of blatant propaganda, half-a-dozen conservative talk radio hosts spent the past week broadcasting from Iraq on a Defense Department-sponsored trip aimed at finding the \"good news that the old-line liberal news media won\u0027t tell you about.\" After a barbecue at CENTCOM in Tampa, commentator Howard Kaloogian spoke with excitement about the upcoming, \"vacation adventure.\" Mr. Kaloogian, take your war tourism and stick it up your microphone. You and your buddies stayed for a mere four days in the luxiorious confines of the Green Zone and saw images like these. Real troops are there for a year and see images like these.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Michelle PileckiCertainly one of the great ironies of our current military escapade is how Iraq and Iran are cozying up philosophically and economically, if not necessarily militarily, given how much the US backed Saddam Hussein in the Iran-Iraq war. There was remarkably little US coverage of Iraqi Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari\u0027s visit to Iran and apology for Saddam\u0027s war crimes (the New York Times really buried it; scroll down to the last few paragraphs). And, outside of a few trade publications, there has been very little coverage here of three new pipelines to connect Iraqi oil with Iranian refineries and ports. Blood for oil? It\u0027s Iran that will reap the profits.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Gene StoneRick Santorum, perhaps the most intolerant member of the Senate, turns out to have a gay chief of staff/communications director. When asked how a gay man could speak for someone with Santorum\u0027s record of homophobia, Robert Traynham said \"Senator Santorum is a man of principle, he is a man who sticks up for what he believes in.\" Hmm. There has to be word for a gay Uncle Tom. Uncle Bruce? Mr. Traynham wins the weekly Uncle Bruce award.read whole post | permalink | comments07.22.2005 Joel MakowerHere’s a riddle: What has two faces and just one name? The answer: Many large companies, at least when it comes to their corporate responsibility practices when compared to their lobbying efforts. That’s the not-so-surprising conclusion of a report issued this week, which ranked the world’s top 100 companies on the transparency of their lobbying activities. This is an often murky world in which corporate PR departments are known to portray their organizations as clean and green while their Gucci-shod lobbyists in Washington work behind closed doors to oppose the very same environmental and social policies being promoted.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Larisa AlexandrovnaHas anyone noticed how certain Republican members of Congress seem to be acting against their own best interests? I am not speaking of the Neo-Confused factions of bibliolatry, like Santorum. I am speaking of the usual Reagan conservatives, who are committing political Hara-kiri at every turn. So what is this sudden \"go into debt, big government, and screw state’s rights\" mantra?read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Hilary RosenI am so confident that Special Prosecutor Fitzgerald has the goods on both Karl Rove and Scooter Libby that I can’t help but look beyond the day when those two resign. What will progressives talk about? What will happen to the outrage when the system finally works? What about an alternative conspiracy theory? That Rumsfeld couldn\u0027t be happier that people are talking about Rove so he can get the new defense authorization bill past the Senate floor today -- without a fight on troops, strategy, prisoners, allies, London, terrorism or anything else.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Bill DiamondLook, I’ll admit it, when I think of the late James Doohan, I pretty much only think of Scotty from Star Trek. Okay, forget “pretty much.\" The guy was Scotty. In fact, I dare you to picture his face and not start reciting lines like “I’ve given ‘er all she’s got an’ I canna give her no more” or “We’re doin’ Warp Factor Eight as it is, Captain” in a horrible, thick Scottish burr. And as frustrating as I’m sure it was for an actor to be typecast in such a way for so long, the truth is \"Scotty\" was a great role and Doohan was unforgettable playing it.read whole post | permalink | comments07.21.2005 Laurie DavidHot enough for ya? At 4:00 this morning, Arizona was already over 90 degrees. Vegas was 117 at two in the afternoon. I know what you are saying: \"Hey, we have always had heat waves.\" Yes, that’s true. But what we haven\u0027t had is summer nights as hot as summer days, and that is what contributes to turning normal heat waves into deadly heat waves. More carbon dioxide in the atmosphere now than in 400,000 years. The carbon stays in the atmosphere, acts like a warm blanket and holds in the heat. We are altering the weather. People are doing that. And unless we act now, it will only get worse.read whole post | permalink | commentsMetropolitan PoliceAP/Ed ReinkeReuters/Molly RileyFrom popsci.comFrom aub.com.uaHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.From comedycentral.comAP/Ryan RemiorzAP/Sven KaestnerFrom wirelessdigest.typepad.comFrom wired.comAP/Al BehrmanFrom Reuters/Ian Waldie","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Trouble Mounts: Conflicting Grand Jury Testimonies From Rove, Libby And Reporters…The Sicilian Expedition: Ancient History?The Rove-Luskin LeaksRoman Polanski\u0027s Dubious VictoryMusings From Atop AmericaSpiritual Activism: The Religious Left Fights Back – On All FrontsYou Have To Watch What You SayTalk Radio\u0027s End-of-Auction Shipwreck VoicesWhere Does The Rove Road Lead?Why The “Strict Constructionist” Crowd Makes Me Really NervousRadio \"Truth Tour\" Ignores the Hard FactsIt Really IS About OilFlying Below the GaydarThe Murky World of Corporate TransparencyBurnin’ All Illusion TonightWhat Noise Do We Want People to Hear?Death Be Not ProudHot Enough for Ya?","h3":"Bush Advisor Karen Hughes Told CIA Leaker To Come Forward...Huff Po\u0027s Lawrence O\u0027Donnell: Rove And Libby\u0027s Defense … In The Prosecutor\u0027s Eventual Indictment...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Images Of Yesterday\u0027s Bombing Suspects Released...Killers Used $2000 Of Designer Perfume In First London Bombs...Police Arrest Two, Kill Man “Directly Linked” To Bombings...O\u0027Connor Says “Worrisome” Congress Members Are Threatening Federal Judges\u0027 Independence...The Donald Wants To Rebuild The U.N...HuffPo\u0027s Laurie David: We Are Altering The Weather. People Are Doing That…Carbon Dioxide At “Highest Level In 400,000 Years”...Global Warming Solved With Simple 600,000 Square-Mile Space Mirror…Feds. Nab Drug Smugglers In Elaborate U.S.-Canada Border Tunnel...Miss. Declares Paying Legal Expenses For Indigent Defendants “Unconstitutional”…Microsoft Records Fattest Sales Growth In Three Quarters…Google Profits Soar, Stock Tumbles…Iraqi Police “Not Yet Capable Of Conducting Operations”...Two Algerian Diplomats Kidnapped In Iraq...China Ends Currency Peg To Dollar...Shuttle May Launch Despite Sensor Glitch…Police To Randomly Check Bags In New York Subways...Exec. Fired Over Daily Show Spoof...Diver Released From Hospital After Serious Accident...Polanski May Be Promiscuous, Court Rules Not “Tasteless And Vulgar”...Police Searching For Naked Tickler…Jail Time For Drunk Pilots...“Queer Is Just A Frame Of Mind On Wisteria Lane”…Catholics: If You Can’t Beat It, Exploit It…House Extends Patriot Act, Includes Wiretapping And Private Record Searches...Hunger Strike At Gitmo, 52 Refusing Food…Mayor Bloomberg Makes A Stand Across Party Lines…First Iraq Vet. To Run For Congress...Sudanese Guards Manhandle NBC’s Andrea Mitchell During Secy. Rice\u0027s Meeting...Scientologists Storm Glamour HQ After Hearing Of Coming Expose…Introducing “Walking” Parking Meters...Bald Men Denied Hair, And Now Insurance Too…Brace Yourself For Martha-Mania…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 23 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 23 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG232004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16Images Of Yesterday\u0027s Bombing Suspects Released... Metropolitan Police in brief | comments Killers Used $2000 Of Designer Perfume In First London Bombs... in brief | comments Police Arrest Two, Kill Man “Directly Linked” To Bombings... in brief | comments AP/Ed Reinke O\u0027Connor Says “Worrisome” Congress Members Are Threatening Federal Judges\u0027 Independence... in brief | comments Reuters/Molly Riley The Donald Wants To Rebuild The U.N... in brief | comments HuffPo\u0027s Laurie David: We Are Altering The Weather. People Are Doing That… in brief | comments Carbon Dioxide At “Highest Level In 400,000 Years”... in brief | comments From popsci.com Global Warming Solved With Simple 600,000 Square-Mile Space Mirror… in brief | comments Feds. Nab Drug Smugglers In Elaborate U.S.-Canada Border Tunnel... in brief | comments Miss. Declares Paying Legal Expenses For Indigent Defendants “Unconstitutional”… in brief | comments From aub.com.ua Microsoft Records Fattest Sales Growth In Three Quarters… in brief | comments Google Profits Soar, Stock Tumbles… in brief | comments Iraqi Police “Not Yet Capable Of Conducting Operations”... in brief | comments Two Algerian Diplomats Kidnapped In Iraq... in brief | comments China Ends Currency Peg To Dollar... in brief | comments Shuttle May Launch Despite Sensor Glitch… in brief | comments Police To Randomly Check Bags In New York Subways... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette From comedycentral.com Exec. Fired Over Daily Show Spoof... in brief | comments AP/Ryan Remiorz Diver Released From Hospital After Serious Accident... in brief | comments AP/Sven Kaestner Polanski May Be Promiscuous, Court Rules Not “Tasteless And Vulgar”... in brief | comments Police Searching For Naked Tickler… in brief | comments Jail Time For Drunk Pilots... in brief | comments From wirelessdigest.typepad.com “Queer Is Just A Frame Of Mind On Wisteria Lane”… in brief | comments From wired.com Catholics: If You Can’t Beat It, Exploit It… in brief | comments House Extends Patriot Act, Includes Wiretapping And Private Record Searches... in brief | comments Hunger Strike At Gitmo, 52 Refusing Food… in brief | comments Mayor Bloomberg Makes A Stand Across Party Lines… in brief | comments AP/Al Behrman First Iraq Vet. To Run For Congress... in brief | comments Sudanese Guards Manhandle NBC’s Andrea Mitchell During Secy. Rice\u0027s Meeting... in brief | comments Scientologists Storm Glamour HQ After Hearing Of Coming Expose… in brief | comments Introducing “Walking” Parking Meters... in brief | comments From Reuters/Ian Waldie Bald Men Denied Hair, And Now Insurance Too… in brief | comments Brace Yourself For Martha-Mania… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Drudge Report Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":19,"second":57},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
