{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/R. Strauss07.19.2005 Arianna HuffingtonIt is just after lunch and eight reasonably smart adults are all huddled around a collection of colored ball-like objects -- BLOs for short. The BLOs flash questions on their little screens, and your job is to answer them as accurately as possible. After which, the BLOs guess what it is the player has been thinking about. If this sounds familiar, it should. The game we were playing is called 20Q, an electronic version of the old parlor game “Twenty Questions”. But 20Q is no ordinary, tricked-out e-version of a party standard. This thing was right almost every time, guessing whatever word we thought of: “sunglasses,” “pomegranate,” “whale,” “language”. The only time it got stymied was when the thing it was trying to guess was the word “anus”. After using all its questions, 20Q stunned us by flashing on the screen: “You mean ‘butt’?” Apparently, the machine, unlike what passes for non-artificial intelligence these days in Washington, actually learns from its mistakes...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Eric BoehlertLots of chatter about a classified State Department memo that was distributed and read aboard Air Force One the day after Joseph Wilson\u0027s New York Times Op-ed outed the White House and its bogus Niger claim. The memo stands as a possible source for White House officials such as Karl Rove and Scooter Libby, both of whom were dishing to Time magazine\u0027s Matt Cooper about Wilson and Plame during the summer of 2003. But there may be an easier explanation for how Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, found out Plame worked at the CIA -- he simply visited her workplace…read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Steven G. BrantOne of my favorite performers is the magician David Copperfield. He is an absolute master at the art of misdirection. Well, we\u0027re going to see another master of this art at work tonight. Just as proof of Karl Rove\u0027s violation of the security regulations contained in Clasified Information Nondisclosure Agreement, Standard Form 312, comes out, we get an announcement designed to put our attention on a different topic. This Supreme Court nomination announcement is certainly important, but it is not so urgent that it has to be made tonight...in prime time...unless what we\u0027re really watching is a Washington magic act at work!read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Paul FeigThere seems to be a lot of confusion regarding the standard President Bush has set for the firing of any member of his administration that took part in the Valerie Plame leak. But a closer check of the president\u0027s statements shows that Mr. Bush has been pretty clear all along about his intention to be tough on any informers in his midst. March 13, 2004: “Anybody who leaked the identity of a CIA agent will lose all Life Cycle privileges in the White House gym during peak hours.” July 31A, 2004: \"Look, I told you, I don\u0027t like leakers. The last leaker I found in my administration is still trying to find a drycleaner who can get that grape juice stain out of his jacket. And I think you know who threw that juice.” (President points aggressively to self)...read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Sherry LansingDay in and day out for the last month, I have been inspired by the passion and engagement of just about everyone I have met in Israel. Regardless of profession or level of education, the folks I met were well informed about politics and policy and eager to engage in discussion. This stands in sharp contrast to my experience at home, where I meet so many sharp, interesting Americans who simply don’t pay attention to what is going on in our government. Would our survival need to be at stake for the average American to tune in and pay attention to policy?read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Dal LaMagnaOne of the primary laws of Karma says, in essence, “as you sow, so shall you reap.” In other words, do good, get rewarded; do bad, and watch out. It seems that the “bad” that Rove has done may be catching up with him. Yes, Rove is an incredibly astute political operative: since 1986, in races he has orchestrated for statewide or national office or Congress, his candidate has won 34 times and lost only 7 times. And it seems that a good portion of his success rests on his ability to orchestrate whisper campaigns, wherein members of the campaign staff or their associates start rumors that build like wildfire – solely for the purpose of smearing the opponent. Here are a few examples...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Craig CrawfordIf President Bush goes \"a different direction\" than U.S. Appeals judge Edith Clements (as ABC NEWS now reports), then what do we make of the brief flurry about her? Was her abortion rights stand too vague for social conservatives? Hmmmm, or maybe WH fears she would sail through the Senate too easily, and the media would be back on the Rove romp by week\u0027s end. It sure seems as though Clements was a WH trial balloon testing the possibilities for a less-than-hardline pick on Roe v. Wade. After covering Bush\u0027s two presidential campaigns and his passionate calls for a \"culture of life\" in federal courts, I think he would be a hypocrite NOT to name a clearly pro-life justice.***Craig Crawford will be discussing Bush\u0027s announced choice at 12 midnight ET tonight on MSNBC Countdown with Keith Olbermann***-- crawfordslist.compermalink | comments07.19.2005 Emily LevineKarl Rove - the man to whom Bush refers as the “architect” of his 2000 Presidential campaign – is in fact the architect of a much larger campaign to replace Empirical reality with Empire reality. Empirical reality demands proof. Empire reality demands that we take it on Faith. Like WMD in Iraq. Uranium in Niger. The link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. And of course, the ever-popular “liberal media.” When Bush administration types say “liberal media”, what they mean is media that won’t take their word for it, that insist on deducing reality from facts. The larger campaign of which Rove is the architect aims to replace “secular media” with “faith-based media”.read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Joel Makower“Energy will be one of the defining issues of this century, and one thing is clear: the era of easy oil is over. What we all do next will determine how well we meet the energy needs of the entire world in this century and beyond.” Ah, yes. Another in a string of cautionary statements about the imminent peak in the rate of global oil extraction -- the point at which oil becomes increasingly scarce and expensive and we all, presumably, become nostalgic for $60-a-barrel prices. So, who’s making this latest statement: A geologist? Physicist? Economist? Investment banker? Nope. An oil company.read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Felix KramerWhen the nonprofit I founded, CalCars.org, did the first Prius conversion, getting over 100 miles per gallon of gasoline plus electricity, people started paying attention. Fareed Zakaria, Newsweek\u0027s International Editor, pointed out that if these vehicles were \"flex-fuel\" (80% powered by bio-fuels like cellulose ethanol), they\u0027d get 500 miles on just one gallon of gasoline. A coalition including Reagan-era officials like Frank Gaffney and Gary Bauer, Clinton\u0027s CIA Director James Woolsey and the Natural Resources Defense Council -- a true \"neocon-green alliance\" -- all signed on to promote 500 MPG cars.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 James MooreInside the Beltway, where everyone spends far too much time sniffing each other\u0027s fumes, speculative frenzy has the Rove crisis reaching a point where the president has no choice but to separate himself from Rove. Nonsense. In Texas, we dance with the ones that brung us. Bush\u0027s presidency is a creation of Rove. In 1989, before Bush was even a marginally successful managing general partner of a losing baseball team, Rove was sitting down with a friend and explaining how he could make W governor. And five years later, he did.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Rep. John ConyersThere is really no doubt at this point that two key political operatives in the White House, namely Karl Rove and I. Lewis Libby, set about to smear Joe Wilson. They used the media to out a CIA operative, vehemently denied they had done so, and now that they cannot deny it any more, Bush backtracked to change the standard for dismissal from leaking to criminal misconduct. Now they are simply hoping and praying that both the necessary level of legal willfulness cannot be shown and that the press and Democrats can be bullied or intimidated into thinking that ethics -- as well as internal security requirements -- don\u0027t matter.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Harry ShearerFirst the good news re: the Plame/Rove story: For a case predicted to chill the use of anonymous sources, we\u0027ve certainly seen more than our share of \"lawyers who spoke on the condition that their names not be revealed.\" Now the bad news. Two different sets of think tanks come up with research and conclusions that strongly suggest the war in Iraq has created, encouraged, increased terrorism.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Michelle PileckiState-side news packages have their mix of soft features in among the \"hard news\" of crime, corruption and other ills of society that the public has a right to know about. It doesn\u0027t threaten the integrity of war journalism to hear that American soldiers have \"adopted\" an Iraqi orphanage in the Red Zone. But it does nothing to change the reality of the latest reports on massive multi-million-dollar corruption or the US meddling in Iraqi elections.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Bill DiamondPresident Bush today reiterated his pledge to immediately fire anyone in his administration found to have leaked the identity of an undercover CIA operative. He did, however, add some stipulations to his firm pronouncement. In order for the firing to take place, Bush said it would need to be shown that an actual crime had taken place and that the act had been perpetrated while the leaker was hopping on one foot, simultaneously patting his head and rubbing his belly, and while he (or she) was listening to an iPod (specifically the special 20 gb U2 version and not the less expensive Mini or Shuffle models).read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Hilary RosenKarl Rove won’t resign no matter how many blog posts, front page stories or speeches from the floor of Congress take place. These people don’t succumb to that kind of pressure. So why are Democrats wasting the chance to talk to people about what they really care about? As long as the political conversation is about Karl Rove, the Republicans win. The White House has obviously made a calculation that it is better to keep Karl around than to get rid of him and have the subject changed. That alone should give Dems a clue as to how important it is for us to change the subject.read whole post | permalink | comments07.18.2005 Walter ShapiroIn a rational world, Republican activists would be sporting First Amendment lapel pins to signal support for Miller and a free press. Tom DeLay would be ordering every high-priced lobbying firm in Washington to take out a full-page ad in the Times to give a financial boost to this brave newspaper for standing up to a jack-booted federal prosecutor. Right-wing senators would be racing to TV cameras to vow to support only Supreme Court nominees who agree that the original intent of the Founding Fathers was to protect reporters from being jailed in cases like Miller\u0027s.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Samir MizbanAFPnewscorp.comThe Washington Post/Gerald Martineauwww.csun.eduHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.AP/Lisa PooleAP/Honda Motor Co.From www.lakewood.cc","h1":"Bush Picks John G. Roberts Jr...",".title":"","h2":"How Do You Spell Relief For Rove? S-U-P-R-E-M-E C-O-U-R-T A-N-N-O-U-N-C-E-M-E-N-T...Summer Fun: Matching Wits with 20QScooter\u0027s Field TripJust the Facts I Want the Public to Focus On, Ma\u0027am!The Record Speaks for Itself...Lesson from Israel: The Passion for Politics and PolicyAre the Laws of Karma Catching Up to Rove?A Stealth Pick? Or Damn The Torpedoes!Why the Focus on RoveIs Chevron Changing Its Stripes?Clean Cars BreakthroughWhy Karl Rove Will Never GoThe Nixon White House Would BlushThe Good News and the BadA Little PR in the NightBush: Any Criminals in Leak to Be Fired (Some Exceptions May Apply)Dems Should Take Back the Vacation TalkFlying Saucers and Valerie Plame","h3":"Bush Job Approval Rating At Lowest Ever: 47 Percent...More Leaks Of Classified Information In Rove Scandal...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"25,000 Civilians Dead Since Beginning Of Iraq War...Yahoo\u0027s 2Q Profits Rise...Intel\u0027s 2Q Earnings UP 16%...Ford\u0027s 2Q Earnings DOWN 19%...Murdoch Spends $580M For Two-Year-Old Internet Company...Senator, NRA Board Member Sponsors Bill To Ban Lawsuits Against Gun Manufacturers...Crime Fighting Columbus Mayor Goes Up Against The NRA...Bush Agrees To Share Nuclear Secrets…25% Of Americans Think White House Is Cooperating In Investigation...HP Cuts 14,500 Jobs To Save $1.9 Billion...Sunni Iraq Constitution Panel Member Assassinated...June Report: “There Is Not A Group With Both The Current Intent And The Capability To Attack The UK”…“This Would Indeed Be Evidence Of An Enormous Failure”…British MI5 Under Fire…“What Is [The President\u0027s] Problem? Two Years, And He Can\u0027t Call Rove In And Find Out What The Hell Is Going On?”Potter Fans May Need Grief Counseling...Two More Military Bases Added To Closure List...I Thought We Agreed To Keep This Sex Tape Between Us…And The Most-Stolen Car Is...Two Year Olds Are Targets Of Identity Theft...“Romance Gene” Uncovered…Recreation Of Flight 93 To Be Aired On 9/11 Anniversary…Jail Time For Creating Giants…TiVo Wants You To Watch Commercials…3,500 FBI Documents On U.S. Activist Groups Draw Free Speech Concerns…“Google Is Becoming One Of The Largest Privacy Risks On The Internet”…Gene Linked To Obesity, Diabetes...“We\u0027ve Been Told To Be Ready” For A Supreme Court Nomination This Week..A Megachurch For 16,000…British Pulling Out Of Iraq Over Next 12 Months...AIDS Plaguing Peacekeeping Forces…“Trojan Duck” Could Trigger Global Pandemic…Rep. Tom Tancredo (R) Colo. “You Could Take Out Their Holy Sites”…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 20 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 20 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG202004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 1625,000 Civilians Dead Since Beginning Of Iraq War... AP/Samir Mizban in brief | comments Yahoo\u0027s 2Q Profits Rise... in brief | comments Intel\u0027s 2Q Earnings UP 16%... in brief | comments AFP Ford\u0027s 2Q Earnings DOWN 19%... in brief | comments Murdoch Spends $580M For Two-Year-Old Internet Company... newscorp.com in brief | comments Senator, NRA Board Member Sponsors Bill To Ban Lawsuits Against Gun Manufacturers... in brief | comments Crime Fighting Columbus Mayor Goes Up Against The NRA... in brief | comments The Washington Post/Gerald Martineau Bush Agrees To Share Nuclear Secrets… in brief | comments 25% Of Americans Think White House Is Cooperating In Investigation... in brief | comments www.csun.edu HP Cuts 14,500 Jobs To Save $1.9 Billion... in brief | comments Sunni Iraq Constitution Panel Member Assassinated... in brief | comments June Report: “There Is Not A Group With Both The Current Intent And The Capability To Attack The UK”… in brief | comments “This Would Indeed Be Evidence Of An Enormous Failure”…British MI5 Under Fire… in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette “What Is [The President\u0027s] Problem? Two Years, And He Can\u0027t Call Rove In And Find Out What The Hell Is Going On?” in brief | comments AP/Lisa Poole Potter Fans May Need Grief Counseling... in brief | comments Two More Military Bases Added To Closure List... in brief | comments I Thought We Agreed To Keep This Sex Tape Between Us… in brief | comments AP/Honda Motor Co. And The Most-Stolen Car Is... in brief | comments Two Year Olds Are Targets Of Identity Theft... in brief | comments “Romance Gene” Uncovered… in brief | comments Recreation Of Flight 93 To Be Aired On 9/11 Anniversary… in brief | comments Jail Time For Creating Giants… in brief | comments TiVo Wants You To Watch Commercials… in brief | comments 3,500 FBI Documents On U.S. Activist Groups Draw Free Speech Concerns… comments “Google Is Becoming One Of The Largest Privacy Risks On The Internet”… in brief | comments Gene Linked To Obesity, Diabetes... in brief | comments “We\u0027ve Been Told To Be Ready” For A Supreme Court Nomination This Week.. in brief | comments From www.lakewood.cc A Megachurch For 16,000… comments British Pulling Out Of Iraq Over Next 12 Months... in brief | comments AIDS Plaguing Peacekeeping Forces… in brief | comments “Trojan Duck” Could Trigger Global Pandemic… in brief | comments Rep. Tom Tancredo (R) Colo. “You Could Take Out Their Holy Sites”… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":28,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
