{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"07.01.2005 Arianna HuffingtonGood news! The Army recruiting dilemma has been solved. Sophisticated political thinker Sen. James Inhofe has done Oklahoma proud once again with the discovery that the enlistment shortfall isn’t due to little things like the fact that June was the fifth deadliest month of the war for U.S. soldiers or that we continue to send out troops into battle without the proper equipment to keep them safe. No, according to Inhofe, the reason the military is having trouble attracting people is “all the negative media.” You see, the Senator feels the media are covering Iraq too much. They’re just not devoting enough attention to things like white girls “missing in paradise,” shark attacks, and celebrity trials. If only we could get the media to stop obsessing on what’s going on in Iraq then maybe all those parents discouraging their kids from enlisting wouldn’t be as reluctant to sign their kids right up. Every time Bush and Cheney come out and give their Pollyanna assessments of what is going on in Iraq, why do the America-hating media insist on undercutting them with the truth? Don’t they know that only leads people to distrust the president and make parents less likely to put the lives of their children in George Bush’s hands?read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Rep. Ted PoeFifteen friends and I traveled to the tropics this past weekend on last-minute notice. We flew from the Washington, D.C. area to a remote island in the Caribbean. While not all of the “suites” had air-conditioning, the accommodations had a fresh newness about them and some of the rooms enjoyed waterfront views. The “rooms” are well-kept. There are no Gideon bibles in the night stand drawers, but each has a Koran, which the “hired help” is not permitted to touch with rare exceptions, when they must wear gloves.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 David SirotaYou can just imagine it, can\u0027t you - a group of sweaty, cigar-smoking executives and lobbyists are right now sitting around a mahogany conference table somewhere on K Street rubbing their greasy palms together and plotting how to make sure that just the right corporate hack will replace Justice Sandra Day O\u0027Connor on the Supreme Court. You can almost hear their pulses accelerating and their hormones flowing.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 James FallowsSo Time Inc\u0027s Norman Pearlstein says he will turn over Matthew Cooper\u0027s notes, because Time magazine is \"not above the law.\" C\u0027mon. Being \"above the law\" would mean not doing what the law specified -- and refusing to accept any of the consequences for that decision. Matt Cooper, Judith Miller, and the New York Times have been saying something completely different. They have been saying that there is a conflict between what the law asks and what their professional values allow them to do. Therefore they will take the consequences. They will go to jail.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Christopher GuestIn my family, the tradition of the Fourth of July is a cherished memory. While my father read aloud from P.G. Wodehouse, my mother supervised the children as we colored pictures of Sacco and Vanzetti that had been traced from a magazine. Today, my family and I blend in, I suppose. The morning of the Fourth we watch The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (subtitled) and then take a walk in the woods to a secret spot where a feast is prepared for our imaginary friends. As the embers fade from our campfire, each of us takes a turn speaking, singing or acting out his or her fondest memories of the day. It is comforting to know that my children will one day look back at this new tradition and realize that they know the real meaning of being an American.permalink | comments07.01.2005 Danielle CrittendenThe Red State 4th of July: Flag on display: The Stars and Stripes. What they’re celebrating this year: Kerry’s loss. What they’ll argue about: Whether Bush is doing a good job making the case for Iraq or it’s the liberal media’s fault for all the negative reporting. The Blue State 4th of July: Flag on display: Festive seasonal flag with summer theme. What they’re celebrating this year: Bush’s poll numbers. What they’ll argue about: Which news is being suppressed more by the right-wing media: the shocking revelations of the Downing Street memo, or the truth about global warming.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Jerry and Joe LongIf we had one wish for the 4th of July, it would be that out on The Mall in Washington DC, the statues of Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson would slowly creak to life. Creak to life, almost imperceptibly at first, the way statues do in those Ray Harryhausen movies. Then, with leisured dignity, the statues of Lincoln and Jefferson would walk down from their memorials...and go on a rampage of retribution and vengeance.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Paul FeigHere is how I plan to spend this patriotic weekend: I am going to try to figure out what it is that all of us, as both Americans and human beings, have in common -- liberals, conservatives, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Libertarians, Socialists, Communists, and any other political and ideological groups you can think of. What is it we can all agree upon that we believe and that, most importantly, we want? Because I\u0027m convinced that all of us are after the same things in this life...read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Margaret CarlsonIt\u0027s not frivolous to worry about casting a vote against the amendment. Bush I and II used flag burning successfully against those two well-known squishy soft, pro-flag desecrating Massachusetts Democrats who both served in the military. It\u0027s the vote the right wing loves to force, knowing a member who votes against it will have to spend a lot of time and money pushing back against the inevitable ad which suggests a lack of patriotism. You can just hear Hillary Clinton to upstate New Yorkers: \"I do TOO love my country.\"read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Jesse KornbluthOn July 4th, when we\u0027re being asked to salute a flag that some of us believe our leaders have dirtied and bloodied, it\u0027s good to cheer our remarkable nation and pray that the torch in New York harbor is never snuffed out. But let\u0027s set aside the smugness that so often accompanies good fortune. Let\u0027s remember the fundamental proposition of our democracy --- equal rights for everyone --- and take a minute to ponder how we can keep that light burning.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Seth GreenlandIn reflecting upon the fast-approaching Fourth of July holiday, I was struck by the poisonous litany of negativity the task conjured within me. The onset of George W. Bush is moving us toward becoming a country very different from the one in which I grew up. Here\u0027s a handy list with which I tracked the incremental but sinister changes afoot as the merrymaking approaches.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Joseph NyePolls show that President Bush\u0027s speech on Iraq did little to bolster his slipping support. Describing the war in Iraq as the latest battle in the war on terrorism rather than a diversion is less convincing than ever. And whatever one\u0027s view about our entry into the war, we are all stuck with the disastrous results of the ideological blindness and sheer incompetence of Donald Rumsfeld and his colleagues. Pep talks about \"staying the course\" will no longer suffice.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Andrei ChernyWe devote ourselves to testing which populistish Democrat can raise the most rabble, throw out the most red meat, and criticize the Republicans in the most vicious manner. We devote ourselves to providing the American people with exhaustive itemizations of Republicans’ voluminous missteps and mistakes. And when Americans still don’t hear our “message” we emulate a Bermuda shorts-clad tourist looking for directions to the Champs Elysees: we speak LOUDER and sloooower.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Harry ShearerBlair now returns, with the WMD and connection-to-terrorism arguments in tatters, to a golden oldie as the Real Reason (no relation to OJ’s Real Killers): After Sept. 11, he told the AP in an interview, it was necessary to \"draw a line in the sand here, and the country to do it with was Iraq because they were in breach of U.N. resolutions going back over many years.\" Try this little test: check out which countries have defied the most U.N. resolutions, an exercise I performed in the leadup to the war. The answers, as of late 2002: Israel and Turkey.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Stephanie SandbergI had lunch today with a friend at the Conde Nast cafeteria, its mix of high style and high school enough in itself to give anyone social pause. It’s a white crowd. My (white Conde Nast employee) friend and I (white visitor) sat in a corner booth. Folks were in clusters around the room, divided by the infamous undulating glass. The only person who was alone that I saw sat at a nearby table, speaking on her cell phone – utilizing the dangling mouthpiece that annoying hipsters use, to my experience, but I suppose the better to eat lunch while talking. She was black.read whole post | permalink | comments07.01.2005 Paul RieckhoffThere is this portrayal of the Soldier as \u0027our troops\u0027 - some super-special individual with almost magic abilities and a separate set of needs and concerns about life. The Army doesn\u0027t just need \"those watching tonight who are considering a military career\" as Mr. Bush said. It needs the average citizen to step up. It needs the inner city youth and country boy. It needs the slackers and the young conservatives. It needs the kids in college to put that on hold for a couple of years and enlist.read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Hooman MajdThe story that the President-elect of Iran may have been one of the student hostage-takers in Tehran in 1979 seems to be gaining some momentum. Scott McClellan said that the Bush Administration takes this \"very seriously.\" Really? Up until now, I suppose, the Bush administration hadn’t been aware that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, both a hard-line conservative and a student at the time of the revolution, may have or have had less than warm feelings for the USA? Not even after he walked on a painting the American flag to cast his vote in the elections?read whole post | permalink | comments06.30.2005 Michelle PileckiThe insurance biz takes global warming seriously, as in costing big bucks (pounds, euros, yen, etc.) if no action is taken: The cost of insured damage in a severe hurricane season in the USA could rise by three-quarters to £82 billion ($150 billion), an increase equivalent to almost three Hurricane Andrews (the costliest single weather event recorded, occurring in 1992)...read whole post | permalink | commentsHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.","h1":"Vacancy On The Supreme Court...",".title":"","h2":"Army Recruiting Woes: Don’t Blame the Bad News from Iraq, Blame the Media for Reporting ItWeekend in the TropicsIs That a Pool Cue in Corporate America\u0027s Pocket, or Are They Just Excited About the Supreme Court?Here\u0027s What\u0027s Wrong With Norman Pearlstein\u0027s \"Not Above the Law\" ArgumentCelebrating the FourthA Red, White and Blue State 4th of JulyA 4th of July WishHow I Plan To Spend the 4th of JulyDo You know Where Your Flag Is?The Two Lady LibertiesHappy July 4thBush on IraqWhy Liberal Isn’t…LiberalBlair Tries AgainWhitewashArmy Recruiting -- Still Using Smoke and MirrorsHostage Crisis Revisted, or Condi Love?Hot for Action on Global Warming","h3":"\u0027We Are Not Above The Law\u0027, Time Mag To Reveal SourceBush Says Kyoto Treaty Would Have \u0027Wrecked\u0027 U.S. Economy…BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Additional Military Bases Targetted For Closure...U.S. Soldiers Missing In Afghanistan...Bodies Of 16 U.S. Troops Recovered...2/5 Americans Favor Impeachment If Bush Lied On Iraq...CAFTA Approval Exposes U.S. Workers To Cheaper Competition…9,000 Jobless Over Lawmakers Failure To Pass Budget...FDA Advises Suicide Watch For Adults On Antidepressants...Discovery To Liftoff July 13...House Undermines Supreme Court Property Ruling...Mayor Of Baghdad Threatens To Resign...$351,100 For Lunch With Mr. Buffett...EPA Says Dupont\u0027s Teflon \u0027Likely\u0027 Carcinogen...Congress Set To Approve Private Toll Roads...New Gay Channel Not Available To Most Of San Fran...Good Looking? Rich? Online Dating Might Be For You...Supreme Court Justice\u0027s Farm Targeted Under \u0027Eminent Domain\u0027...Brooke Shields Rips Tom Cruise In The New York Times...Berlusconi Demands U.S. \u0027Respect For Italian Sovereignty\u0027...New Revelations From Woodward\u0027s Deep Throat Memoir…Da Vinci Drawing Discovered Under Famous Painting...Conservative Groups Say Memorial Video Implies Lincoln Supported Homosexuality, Abortion...\u0027Idol\u0027 Bo Bice Weds Girlfriend In Alabama...","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 2 2004 2005 2006 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 2 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG22004 2005 200631,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16Additional Military Bases Targetted For Closure... in brief | comments U.S. Soldiers Missing In Afghanistan... in brief | comments Bodies Of 16 U.S. Troops Recovered... in brief | comments 2/5 Americans Favor Impeachment If Bush Lied On Iraq... in brief | comments CAFTA Approval Exposes U.S. Workers To Cheaper Competition… in brief | comments 9,000 Jobless Over Lawmakers Failure To Pass Budget... in brief | comments FDA Advises Suicide Watch For Adults On Antidepressants... in brief | comments Discovery To Liftoff July 13... in brief | comments House Undermines Supreme Court Property Ruling... in brief | comments Mayor Of Baghdad Threatens To Resign... in brief | comments $351,100 For Lunch With Mr. Buffett... in brief | comments EPA Says Dupont\u0027s Teflon \u0027Likely\u0027 Carcinogen... in brief | comments Congress Set To Approve Private Toll Roads... in brief | comments New Gay Channel Not Available To Most Of San Fran... in brief | comments Good Looking? Rich? Online Dating Might Be For You... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette Supreme Court Justice\u0027s Farm Targeted Under \u0027Eminent Domain\u0027... in brief | comments Brooke Shields Rips Tom Cruise In The New York Times... in brief | comments Berlusconi Demands U.S. \u0027Respect For Italian Sovereignty\u0027... in brief | comments New Revelations From Woodward\u0027s Deep Throat Memoir… in brief | comments Da Vinci Drawing Discovered Under Famous Painting... in brief | comments Conservative Groups Say Memorial Video Implies Lincoln Supported Homosexuality, Abortion... in brief | comments \u0027Idol\u0027 Bo Bice Weds Girlfriend In Alabama... in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":20050702002650,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
