{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"AP/J. Scott Applewhite07.20.2005 Arianna HuffingtonJust got back from hiking up to the top of the island of Ischia. We started our hike at the beginning of siesta time, when everything in the little fishing port was closed and silent, and got back three hours later to find the village bustling with people, noise, and action. As if the Prince in Sleeping Beauty had laid a wet one on the whole island, breaking the spell and bringing it back to life. Now I certainly don’t mean for this post to put you to sleep... but if it happens to make you a tad bit drowsy, that wouldn\u0027t be the worst thing in the world. That\u0027s because, unlike our Italian hosts, there’s a pretty good chance you aren\u0027t doing enough of it. Sleeping, that is. And it may be killing you -- literally. And if you don’t care about that, it may also be killing your sex life...read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 David MametI understand that a member of The H. POST is in Sardinia. This brings back fond memories, as one of the best gags I ever wrote deals with this place. In State and Main, a film, the boy and girl are walking past a firehouse and they see a dalmatian. He: I wonder why they have these dogs around firehouses? She: The first organized fire department was established in the year 486 on the borders of Dalmatia and Sardinia. He: Huh...and that\u0027s why a dalmatian... She: It was either that or a Sardine. I love this joke, particularly as I do not believe that Dalmatia and Sardinia are, in fact, contiguous. And I think that one of them, in fact, may be an island.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Lizz WinsteadI wasn’t sure how long I was going to stay in this funk, when suddenly as I was watching CNN’s Late Mid-Morning Early Afternoon show, Daryn Kagan broke away from her reading without comprehension to go live to Baltimore, where the president was giving a speech about the Patriot Act. Today’s backdrop for his piece of orchestrated theatrics was a group of Maryland police officers who apparently didn’t get the memo that their Fearless Reader had cut 1 billion dollars from the 2006 Federal budget for cops and first responders.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Hilary RosenThis guy has spent too many years in public service to sign on to political positions that he disagrees with. In fact, those who know him say that his whole career has been preparing for this moment and it has come sooner than he expected. Yes, he was in private practice with a diverse group of clients. But ambitious Washington lawyers who disagree with their clients don\u0027t argue their cases before the Supreme Court. The fact that the White House was making calls to conservative groups yesterday reassuring them that they wouldn\u0027t get handed a Gonzales nomination - and today that they would be pleased with the selection is enough information to know that the right wing got what it wanted in this processs.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Marty KaplanAll day long, administration leakers jerked the media\u0027s chain. \"It\u0027s Judge Edith 1,\" they whispered, on double super duper background. Then: \"No, it\u0027s Judge Edith 2!\" If the day had been longer, no doubt the Bushies would have tossed even more red herrings to the clapping seals. The Washington press corps, nanoseconds after being forced to admit how humiliatingly it had been spun by Turd Blossom, just lapped it all up.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Craig CrawfordPro-life conservatives face an unknown danger in Supreme Court nominee John Roberts. They might well have another David Souter on their hands, a nominee thought to be a social conservative but who turns out to be a solid vote for Roe v. Wade\u0027s protection of abortion rights. Roberts is a BLANK SLATE on this issue, when you consider how his contradictory stands cancel each other out. And the history of stealth nominees is that conservatives tend to be the ones eventually shocked and enraged.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Hooman MajdNearly two weeks after the London bombings and the gloves, so to speak, are slowly coming off, at least in England. In the immediate aftermath of London’s little 9/11 (and I say \u0027little\u0027 not to diminish the tragedy but to put it in proper perspective, so thank you for your comments in advance), very few in Britain wanted to engage in politics and those who did were quickly shouted down as either apologists for terror or insensitive to the extreme. Now in Britain the media, commentators, experts and politicians are all entering the ring, quite willing to duke it out on the question of why they were attacked.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Trey EllisMy life never seems to consist of one place. We moved every five years or so as a kid -- my parents were professors -- and that restlessness seems to have settled inside of my bones. Love, for me, has also been a matter of displacement. My girlfriend is amazing, lovely, mad sexy, cooks the best food that has ever entered my mouth, makes me laugh from the bottom of my innerds, yet while my kids and I live in Venice, California, she lives in a place called Milan, Italy. To bring this personal entry back to HuffPost policy wonk-ology, it is thanks to telephone deregulation that this great love is even possible.read whole post | permalink | comments07.20.2005 Paul RieckhoffThis week, I found a very flashy promotional DVD insert in my Time Magazine. It was for a new show on FX called \"Over There\". \"Over There\" attempts to tell the story of an Army squad stationed in Iraq. A few people have asked me if I think the show is going to be realistic. Not likely. The real \"Over There\" is not something you want to watch while sitting in your La-Z-Boy sipping a lemonade. The real thing isn\u0027t flashy. And it sure isn\u0027t suitable for TV...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Jane WellsThe UK based organization Iraqi Body Count has just released a 28-page dossier on Civilian Casualties in Iraq 2003- 2005, and it makes for chilling reading. Here are some highlights: 37% of all non-combatant deaths were caused by US led coalition forces. 9% deaths caused by insurgents. 10% deaths were children. Most adults killed left orphaned children. In Tikrit one in every 90 people has been killed. To re-phrase the Downing Street memo: “How will the policy ever fix these facts?”read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Bill DiamondFrom: K. Rove Subject: Operation “Keep Me The F*** Out of the Press” As promised, here’s a rough schedule I worked up that should keep us out of hot water for the next couple of months. Remember, this list is fluid -- no one should get wed to specific dates. July 19: 43 announces his nominee to the Supreme Court. Aug 1: Veep checks into hospital for “knee surgery.” Aug 7: EPA announces something we thought was innocuous is actually dangerous to our health. Aug 15: Something about gay marriage...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Steven G. BrantDespite the talk on television of Roberts\u0027 thin record (\"He\u0027s a stealth candidate\" say some liberals), I\u0027m going to withhold judgment... especially since others are calling Roberts \"the smartest lawyer in Washington\". Of course, with Senator Schumer reminding us that Judge Roberts refused to list three Supreme Court decisions he disagreed with during his previous confirmation hearings, he just may be TOO smart.read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Eric BoehlertLots of chatter about a classified State Department memo that was distributed and read aboard Air Force One the day after Joseph Wilson\u0027s New York Times Op-ed outed the White House and its bogus Niger claim. The memo stands as a possible source for White House officials such as Karl Rove and Scooter Libby, both of whom were dishing to Time magazine\u0027s Matt Cooper about Wilson and Plame during the summer of 2003. But there may be an easier explanation for how Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, found out Plame worked at the CIA -- he simply visited her workplace…read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Paul FeigThere seems to be a lot of confusion regarding the standard President Bush has set for the firing of any member of his administration that took part in the Valerie Plame leak. But a closer check of the president\u0027s statements shows that Mr. Bush has been pretty clear all along about his intention to be tough on any informers in his midst. March 13, 2004: “Anybody who leaked the identity of a CIA agent will lose all Life Cycle privileges in the White House gym during peak hours.” July 31A, 2004: \"Look, I told you, I don\u0027t like leakers. The last leaker I found in my administration is still trying to find a drycleaner who can get that grape juice stain out of his jacket. And I think you know who threw that juice.” (President points aggressively to self)...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Dal LaMagnaOne of the primary laws of Karma says, in essence, “as you sow, so shall you reap.” In other words, do good, get rewarded; do bad, and watch out. It seems that the “bad” that Rove has done may be catching up with him. Yes, Rove is an incredibly astute political operative: since 1986, in races he has orchestrated for statewide or national office or Congress, his candidate has won 34 times and lost only 7 times. And it seems that a good portion of his success rests on his ability to orchestrate whisper campaigns, wherein members of the campaign staff or their associates start rumors that build like wildfire – solely for the purpose of smearing the opponent. Here are a few examples...read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Emily LevineKarl Rove - the man to whom Bush refers as the “architect” of his 2000 Presidential campaign – is in fact the architect of a much larger campaign to replace Empirical reality with Empire reality. Empirical reality demands proof. Empire reality demands that we take it on Faith. Like WMD in Iraq. Uranium in Niger. The link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. And of course, the ever-popular “liberal media.” When Bush administration types say “liberal media”, what they mean is media that won’t take their word for it, that insist on deducing reality from facts. The larger campaign of which Rove is the architect aims to replace “secular media” with “faith-based media”.read whole post | permalink | comments07.19.2005 Joel Makower“Energy will be one of the defining issues of this century, and one thing is clear: the era of easy oil is over. What we all do next will determine how well we meet the energy needs of the entire world in this century and beyond.” Ah, yes. Another in a string of cautionary statements about the imminent peak in the rate of global oil extraction -- the point at which oil becomes increasingly scarce and expensive and we all, presumably, become nostalgic for $60-a-barrel prices. So, who’s making this latest statement: A geologist? Physicist? Economist? Investment banker? Nope. An oil company.read whole post | permalink | commentsAP/Charles Dharapakcsmonitor.comebay.comwww.digitalcamerainfo.comwww.opentext.comReutersHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.comHuff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy.membres.lycos.frwww.litkicks.comRos O\u0027Gorman/UndercoverAP/Lisa Poolenewscientist.comFrom anti-squirrel.com","h1":"Court Announcement Takes The Heat Off Rove (For A Day)…",".title":"","h2":"Sleep, Sex, Safety... and the Value of a Good SiestaSpotted on VacationFreedom SchmeedomJohn Roberts - Just Representing his Clients?What Does It Feel Like To Be Played Like A Piccolo?A Stealthy LessonStiff Upper Lip, or How I Pulled My Head Out Of The SandTelephone LoveThe Real \"Over There\" (Warning: Graphic Content)Death and Casualties in Iraq – Thank God Somebody Is Doing the MathHuffPo Exclusive: Newly Leaked Rove MemoWhat I\u0027d like to know about Judge John RobertsScooter\u0027s Field TripThe Record Speaks for Itself...Are the Laws of Karma Catching Up to Rove?Why the Focus on RoveIs Chevron Changing Its Stripes?","h3":"Conservative Interest Groups Elated With Roberts...Justice Dept. Opposes Shield For Reporters...BlogsBreaking NewsU.S. NewspapersInternational NewspapersTelevision NewsInternational News NetworksNews Search Engines",".snippet":"","h4":"Saudi Ambassador To US Resigns After 22 Years, “Private Reasons”...Greenspan Signals Further Interest Rate Increases...Housing Bubble?...Feds Hunt Cyber Perverts, Crack Down On “Electronic Flashing”...Remain A Virgin, Get A Scholarship...Ebay Beats Expectations, Earnings Soar...In Shock Announcement, Kodak To Cut 10,000 More Jobs...Nightmarish Quarter For GM…Microsoft Tech Wiz Defects To Google, Furious Giant Sues...Bush Job Approval Rating At Lowest Ever: 47 Percent...Pentagon Report Says China Is “Credible Threat”...200 Foreign Scientists Banned From British Universities, Possible Terrorist Threat...Iraqi Constitution Draft Is Set Back For Women\u0027s Rights...25,000 Civilians Dead Since Beginning Of Iraq War...Senator, NRA Board Member Sponsors Bill To Ban Lawsuits Against Gun Manufacturers...Crime Fighting Columbus Mayor Goes Up Against The NRA...After CNN, Bill Hemmer Lands At Fox News...New LA Times Editor To Be Named...Rolling Stones Slam Bush In New Album, “Oh No, Not You Again”…Chocolate Lowers Blood Pressure...Illegal Copies Of Half-Blooded Prince Already Online...Court Rules You Can Sue If Your Boss Is Sleeping Around...Toxic Algae Attacks Bathers On The Riviera...Kidney Stone Pics Win Biomedical Image Awards...Hungry? You May Have A Memory Problem...“XXX” May Be Next Video Game Rating...Govt. Disputes Vaccine-Autism Link, Parents Meet With Congress Today…Two More Military Bases Added To Closure List...I Thought We Agreed To Keep This Sex Tape Between Us…","h5":"","h6":"Huff Post Updates:","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 21 2004 2005 2006 24,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 21 2004 2005 2006JUN JUL AUG212004 2005 200624,740 captures 22 Apr 05 - 31 Jan 16AP/Charles Dharapak Saudi Ambassador To US Resigns After 22 Years, “Private Reasons”... in brief | comments Greenspan Signals Further Interest Rate Increases... in brief | comments csmonitor.com Housing Bubble?... in brief | comments Feds Hunt Cyber Perverts, Crack Down On “Electronic Flashing”... in brief | comments Remain A Virgin, Get A Scholarship... in brief | comments ebay.com Ebay Beats Expectations, Earnings Soar... in brief | comments www.digitalcamerainfo.com In Shock Announcement, Kodak To Cut 10,000 More Jobs... in brief | comments www.opentext.com Nightmarish Quarter For GM… in brief | comments Microsoft Tech Wiz Defects To Google, Furious Giant Sues... in brief | comments Bush Job Approval Rating At Lowest Ever: 47 Percent... in brief | comments Pentagon Report Says China Is “Credible Threat”... in brief | comments 200 Foreign Scientists Banned From British Universities, Possible Terrorist Threat... in brief | comments Iraqi Constitution Draft Is Set Back For Women\u0027s Rights... Reuters in brief | comments 25,000 Civilians Dead Since Beginning Of Iraq War... in brief | comments Senator, NRA Board Member Sponsors Bill To Ban Lawsuits Against Gun Manufacturers... in brief | comments Crime Fighting Columbus Mayor Goes Up Against The NRA... in brief | comments Huff Post Updates: Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Contact the Huffington Post with scoops, and firsthand accounts at: AOL Instant Messenger: HuffPost. Email: scoop@huffingtonpost.com Or submit your scoop here: Keep me posted with information about HuffingtonPost.com Huff Post values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our Privacy Policy. Blogs AOL BlogZone Altercation Andrew Sullivan Boing Boing Brad DeLong BuzzMachine The Corner Crooks and Liars Cursor DailyKos Defamer DonkeyRising Eschaton Gawker Hullabaloo Informed Comment Instapundit James Wolcott Joi Ito\u0027s Web Kausfiles kottke.org Pandagon Political Animal Power Line Redstate.org Romenesko Taegan Goddard\u0027s Political Wire TalkLeft Talking Points Memo Tapped The Volokh Conspiracy This Modern World Wonkette membres.lycos.fr After CNN, Bill Hemmer Lands At Fox News... in brief | comments www.litkicks.com New LA Times Editor To Be Named... in brief | comments Ros O\u0027Gorman/Undercover Rolling Stones Slam Bush In New Album, “Oh No, Not You Again”… in brief | comments Chocolate Lowers Blood Pressure... in brief | comments AP/Lisa Poole Illegal Copies Of Half-Blooded Prince Already Online... in brief | comments Court Rules You Can Sue If Your Boss Is Sleeping Around... in brief | comments Toxic Algae Attacks Bathers On The Riviera... in brief | comments newscientist.com Kidney Stone Pics Win Biomedical Image Awards... in brief | comments Hungry? You May Have A Memory Problem... in brief | comments From anti-squirrel.com “XXX” May Be Next Video Game Rating... in brief | comments Govt. Disputes Vaccine-Autism Link, Parents Meet With Congress Today… in brief | comments Two More Military Bases Added To Closure List... in brief | comments I Thought We Agreed To Keep This Sex Tape Between Us… in brief | comments Breaking News Associated Press Reuters Agence France-Press Dow Jones Itar-Tass Kyodo UPI Xinhua U.S. Newspapers Atlanta Journal-Constitution Boston Globe Chicago Sun-Times Chicago Tribune The Christian Science Monitor Chronicle for Higher Education Denver Post Los Angeles Times Miami Herald New York Daily News New York Times San Francisco Chronicle Seattle Post-Intelligencer St. Petersburg Times USA Today Wall Street Journal Washington Post International Newspapers Daily Standard (UK) Financial Times (UK) The Globe and Mail (Canada) Guardian (UK) Hindustan Times (India) Independent (UK) International Herald Tribune Irish Times The Scotsman Telegraph (UK) Times (UK) Times of India Television News ABC CBS CNN C-SPAN FOX PBS NewsHour MSNBC International News Networks ABC (Australia) Al Jazeera BBC CBC (Canada) Deutsche Welle (EU) Sky News (UK) News Search Engines AOL AltaVista Google Newsbot Topix Yahoo!","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":59,"second":48},"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
