{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economyPerry\u0027s strategists had kept mum, but they had their man ready to attack from the git-go. Best defense is a good offense. If Perry is thin-skinned, as the Romney camp thinks, then the best way to protest their man\u0027s skin is to let him go on the attack -- or at least that is evidently their thinking.-- Howard FinemanModerator Brian Williams directed the first question of the debate at Rick Perry, who used the opportunity to repeat his campaign theme -- that he\u0027s the guy to get America working again -- twice in a short answer: \"What Americans are looking for is someone who can get this country working again. ... So I will suggest to you Americans are focused on the right issue, and that is, who on this stage can get America working.\"Perry used the same line in his speech announcing his candidacy, saying, \"It is time to get America working again. That\u0027s why, with the support of my family, and an unwavering belief in the goodness of America, I declare to you today my candidacy for president of the United States.\"-- Amanda TerkelFormer Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan said she was talking to MSNBC\u0027s Chris Matthews earlier about how they had both flown on the actual Air Force One plane hanging in the Reagan Library, which will be a part of the set for tonight\u0027s debate. Noonan flew on it during the Reagan administration, and Matthews did so during the Carter administration, when he worked for President Jimmy Carter. As they were discussing who else here tonight might have flown on that plane, an adviser to Jon Huntsman, the former U.S. ambassador to China and Utah governor said Huntsman had flown on it as well, when he was a young staffer in the Reagan administration.We\u0027re told Huntsman plans to make a reference to that plane and the fact that he flew on it. It will be one of a string of Reagan references, but in fact a few candidates will have to tread carefully when discussing Reagan. Rep. Ron Paul\u0027s campaign ran an ad hitting Rick Perry for his work on Al Gore\u0027s presidential campaign back in 1988, but Perry\u0027s campaign said today that he voted for Reagan in 80 and 84.-- Jon WardAs promised, Rep. Ron Paul\u0027s campaign aired its ad attacking Rick Perry for his support of Al Gore in the 1988 presidential elections just minutes before the GOP presidential debate began.The spot aired on MSNBC, not its mother network, which made it a cheaper purchase but also insured that fewer viewers saw the spot.Perry has scoffed at the charge that he was anti-Reagan in his political past. But his defense has consisted primarily of pointing out that Paul himself once declared that Reagan drove him from the Republican Party.-- Sam SteinNeedless to say, foreign policy doesn\u0027t promise to figure too heavily into this debate, coming as it is amid super committee deliberations about the budget and the day before a major presidential address on jobs. But that doesn\u0027t mean there aren\u0027t some good topics in the news to discuss. For one thing, just yesterday, news broke that the Obama administration is poised to keep 3,000 troops in Iraq after the deadline for withdrawal passes at the end of the year. Some Republican leaders have already come out against the troop drawdown, and talk of ending both the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is likely to figure into the discussion tonight.Earlier today, the National Security Network put out a list of five foreign policy topics that ought to come up during tonight\u0027s debate. Take a look at the list, and keep a tally if any of them get serious face time this evening.-- Joshua HershEarlier today, Walid Zafar wrote on the Media Matters\u0027 \"Political Correction\" blog about how Mitt Romney\u0027s call for a strong dollar was at odds with his rhetoric in his jobs plan yesterday to label China a currency manipulator. Here\u0027s how Zafar put it:I spoke with a former Bush administration Treasury official this afternoon about this, who said that he thought Romney\u0027s campaign understands the contradiction, but is essentially speaking out of both sides of its mouth on purpose.\"Investors in U.S. Treasuries want to hear you say you\u0027re for a strong dollar. Nobody wants to hear anything associated with America -- which is eagles, apple pie, flags -- associated with the word weak. So there\u0027s a good basis in monetary policy why every responsible politician and economic policy official maintains this,\" the former administration official said.\"If you were to even hint or intimate that you were not for a strong dollar, there is a whole world of reporters that make it their lives\u0027 work to write three stories a week about what people think of the dollar, because that sells to their clients,\" he continued.Thus, if that were to happen, bond yields would go up, costs to bondholders would go down, and U.S. government borrowing costs would go up.\"Is it a fallacy? Absolutely,\" the former administration official said of the strong dollar talking point. \"It\u0027s the biggest joke in monetary policy. Is it the responsible thing to do? Yeah it is.\"\"Everybody who needs to know knows what we mean when we say strong dollar, which is strong dollar, except ...\"-- Jon WardActivists from the LGBT advocacy group GetEQUAL are protesting outside the Reagan Library tonight before the debate. In a press release, the group said the purpose was to make sure the GOP candidates\u0027 focus is \"on creating jobs -- not contributing to the hostile environment that the LGBT community frequently encounters.\"\"While the GOP candidates jockey for position at the front of the political pack, our youth are taking their own lives in record numbers,\" said Robin McGehee, director of GetEQUAL. \"It\u0027s time for these candidates to lead, rather than to follow the bigoted and discriminatory philosophies of fringe, right-wing activists who insist on demonizing fellow Americans for political gain.\"A photo of the protest, passed along by a GetEQUAL spokesman:-- Amanda TerkelHere\u0027s the table-setter from earlier today, focusing on questions about Rick Perry\u0027s electability.Perry has shot to the head of the Republican primary field in national polls. But conversations with Republican lawmakers and voters this week have shown that many are not convinced the Texas governor has what it takes to be the party\u0027s nominee, or beat President Obama in the general election.\"I have my doubts that Perry can beat Obama in a head-to-head,\" said one influential Republican donor and activist in the Northeast, who said Perry has yet to come in for his \"media proctology exam.\"It\u0027s almost impossible to understate how much this question will be answered by the gauntlet of five debates over the next six weeks, starting tonight. After I filed the story earlier today, I spoke with one of the most influential Republican consultants in the country, who is not affiliated with any of the candidates. Here\u0027s how he put it regarding Perry, who he said he likes.-- Jon WardAs you are probably aware, your television news organizations have decided to drown America in debates -- there are many more to come after tonight\u0027s debate. You will be unable to avoid them between now and the end of October. If you want to terrify at your Halloween Party this year, come dressed as a debate. Onlookers will shudder.Since there are a ton of debates to look forward to, we can also look forward to the media trotting out the same old pre-game tropes. Such as \"Tonight\u0027s Republican Debate: X Things To Watch.\" Over at The Awl, Alex Balk figured he\u0027d get in on the action.Balk\u0027s piece is highlighted in red. If you still don\u0027t quite get the joke, click here. The point is, you have options.-- Jason Linkinsthe direction of the debate may be dictated by who gets the first question and what they do with it.The focus may be on Rick Perry, but there are so many players on stage that the back and forth is likely to be more of a pinball than anything else. One thing is certain though, Perry will be getting it from many sides -- Ron Paul and Michele Bachmann have already attacked him, and Mitt Romney will certainly go on the offense against him -- and he will be looking to take the wood to Romney rather than spend the night defending himself. A big question will be whether he can do this with a smile and avoid looking petty, nasty and just downright unpresidential.-- Jon WardTexas Gov. Rick Perry\u0027s campaign may or may not be sending out \"fact checks\" during the debate. It sounds like they want to save themselves some work and have reporters just check their Twitter feed and website.Here\u0027s the statement just put out by the Perry campaign:\"Members of the working press are encouraged to follow @PerryTruthTeam on Twitter and to visit www.rickperry.org for real-time updates concerning statements made during tonight’s Reagan Centennial GOP Candidates Debate in Simi Valley, Calif.\"-- Jon WardLess than two hours before Texas Gov. Rick Perry took the stage for his first debate as a presidential candidate, the White House released a statement detailing President Barack Obama\u0027s call promising extensive federal aid to the Republican governor, who wrote a book last year about how much he hates the federal government.That federal funding Perry has requested to fight the fires and help the recovery, after cutting state funds for wildfire assistance earlier this year? Don\u0027t worry, Obama told Perry: we\u0027ll be there for you.Here\u0027s the full statement:that have been lost as a result of these events, and made clear that the federal government, through DHS/FEMA and the U.S. Forest Service, will continue to make federal assistance available to state and local officials as they fight the fires. The President also assured the Governor that requests for additional assistance, including as recovery begins, would be quickly assessed. Following the call, the President directed his national security staff to continue to work closely with FEMA, the Forest Service and the State of Texas to ensure we were making all resources available. Over the last several days, at the request of the Governor, the Administration has granted eight Fire Management Assistance Grants, making federal funds available to reimburse eligible costs associated with efforts to combat the fires. FEMA is actively working with state and local officials to conduct damage assessments and to identify areas where additional federal assistance may be warranted.-- Jon WardHuffPost\u0027s Jon Ward reports:Perry has shot to the head of the of the Republican primary field in national polls. But conversations with Republican lawmakers and voters this week have shown that many are not convinced the Texas governor has what it takes to be the party\u0027s nominee, or beat President Obama in the general election.\"I have my doubts that Perry can beat Obama in a head-to-head,\" said one influential Republican donor and activist in the Northeast, who said Perry has yet to come in for his \"media proctology exam.\"Click here to read more.Two years ago, I asked Arthur Delaney, one of our gifted young reporters at The Huffington Post, to focus his coverage on one thing: putting flesh and blood on the data of our economic crisis, and bringing to our readers the real stories of the unemployed, of those facing foreclosure, of the \"formerly middle class.\" Arthur embraced his mission with a powerful combination of passion, empathy, and a healthy dose of anger. His poignant reporting has now been collected in A People\u0027s History of the Great Recession, an e-book that is being published today, in the shadow of Labor Day, and in the wake of the worst jobs report in 11 months. I hope that it will help bring a much-needed sense of urgency to the public debate and our leaders\u0027 priorities.Back to School and Deeper in Debt: Graduating from college no longer means putting your education to work for you -- it now means being a virtual indentured servant to your education. Instead of propelling you into the future, more and more it means trapping you in the past. READ MORERead Post | Comments (43)Michael Vlahos, 9/7/11Writer and National Security expertWe will learn nothing and gain nothing from ten years of tragedy, waste, and ruin unless we face up to the fact that we have lost the wars we initiated after the attacks of September 11th, 2001.Read Post | Comments (71)Dean Baker, 9/7/11Co-Director of CEPR and author of The End of Loser Liberalism: Making Markets ProgressiveThe reporters that just copy down outlandish claims by politicians without making any effort to verify them should switch places with the one of the unemployed who would like to work for a living.Read Post | Comments (70)Bernard-Henri Lévy, 9/7/11French philosopher and writerIf we make an honest assessment of the struggle of the past decade against Al Qaeda and its branches, we are compelled to state that the assassins, if not routed, have, at the very least, suffered a serious setback.Read Post | CommentsSujatha Fernandes, 9/7/11Professor and AuthorFour decades after its birth in the Bronx, rap music has become the soundtrack to the social unrest sweeping the globe from Tunisia to Libya and London.Read Post | CommentsScott Mendelson, 9/7/11Film CriticWhile there are many reasons to praise the $14 million six-day opening of The Debt, the most surprising thing about it is that Focus Features debuted the film wide enough to achieve that kind of opening in the first place.Read Post | CommentsLinda Eyre and Richard Eyre, 9/7/11Kids who are given money do not perceive real ownership of that money since they did not earn it or give up anything for itRead Post | CommentsDonna Karan, 9/7/11Fashion designerHow does a woman veteran resettle into society? She\u0027s either shut off or exhausted her sensitivity in order to serve and survive. She\u0027s put her life on hold and has seen so much that the rest of us can\u0027t even imagine. She\u0027s not the same person she was before. She can\u0027t be.Read Post | Comments (11)Dennis A. Henigan, 9/7/11Acting President, Brady Campaign; Author, \u0027Lethal Logic\u0027It\u0027s back to school time again and college kids are heading to campuses across the country. If the National Rifle Association has its way, \"packing\" for college will have a whole new meaning.Read Post | Comments (64)Miroslav Volf, 9/7/11Author, \u0027Allah: A Christian Response\u0027Where are we today, 10 years later? One way to approach the question is to ask whether, as a result of the 9/11 trauma, we have become better people?Read Post | CommentsMichael B. Keegan, 9/7/11President, People For the American WayAs the GOP candidates pay the required perpetual homage to the 40th president, the rest of us might take some time to reflect on just how far off the Reagan Ranch the Republican Party has gone.Read Post | Comments (82)Bruce Kluger, 9/7/11Member of USA Today’s Board of ContributorsIt has been a long and contentious 10 years, but we should remember the enduring bond among brothers and sisters. For all our quarreling, we of the American family do eventually return to that same shared room.Read Post | CommentsRichard (RJ) Eskow, 9/7/11Consultant, Writer, Senior Fellow with The Campaign for America\u0027s FutureMitt Romney has very serious ideas for fixing the economy. How do we know? By the typeface.Read Post | Comments (10)Michael Bialas, 9/7/11Entertainment and Sports JournalistHaving turned 50 in May, George Clooney thinks and talks a lot about growing old these days. It was one of the topics of conversation during a series of interviews at the 38th Telluride Film Festival, where the Academy Award winner was awarded the Silver Medallion.Read Post | CommentsKlaus Schwab, 9/7/11Founder and Executive Chairman, World Economic ForumOn this anniversary, New York\u0027s friends around the world remember the bravery and determination of its people and extend sympathy once again to all those who lost loved ones.Read Post | CommentsSharon Premoli, 9/7/11Management Consultant, 9/11 SurvivorTen years is a long time to carry the damage and injury trauma survivors become so familiar with, awake or asleep, but maybe it is part of who I am today and maybe there is no moving on for me in the way we expect it to happen.Read Post | CommentsRobert Reich, 9/7/11Chancellor\u0027s Professor of Public Policy, University of California at Berkeley; Author, \u0027Aftershock\u0027Listen tonight, if you can bear it, for anything other than standard Republican boilerplate since the 1920s -- a wistful desire to return to the era of William McKinley, when the federal government was small, the Fed and the IRS had yet to be invented.Read Post | Comments (976)Leo C. Wolinsky, 9/7/11Media consultant, former managing editor of the Los Angeles TimesA new generation of young movie producers has appeared on the scene, making low-budget films without the backing -- or interference -- of big studios.Read Post | CommentsRobert L. Dilenschneider, 9/7/11Founder, The Dilenschneider GroupThere are free-market actions we can take to slow the pain as economies elsewhere are developed by American companies, sometimes at the expense of this country\u0027s well-being.Read Post | CommentsAmi Fields-Meyer and Elai Shine, 9/7/11Michelle Bachmann -- in the company of other right-wing presidential contenders like Gov. Rick Perry of Texas -- has created an illusion: Some of the necessary drawbacks of government, she presumes, can be solved by the infusion of religion.Read Post | CommentsBiz Stone, 9/7/11Co-Founder, Twitter; Co-Founder, Biz and Livia Stone FoundationOur future greatly depends on the minds of young people and our shared attitude toward the natural world. Together, we must understand that life is supported by the ecosystem surrounding us and our environment is profoundly impacted by the choices we make.Read Post | CommentsJames Napoli, 9/7/11SatiristMaybe some of you are worried about what might happen if Rick Perry becomes president. Well, I found ten other ways of looking at that eventuality.Read Post | CommentsMichael Oreskes, 9/7/11Senior Managing Editor, The Associated PressNot letting go permeates the city these days. In large ways and small, New Yorkers still are trying to refill the empty sky that Bruce Springsteen mourned.Read Post | Comments (21)Nancy Doyle Palmer, 9/6/11Journalist and screenwriterI interviewed Leary last week and found that this Irish bad boy is a surprisingly thoughtful and measured professional who sees the success of this seemingly unruly show as the result of a lot of hard work and collaborative talent.Read Post | Comments (15)Rachel Kash, 9/7/11Fiction writerEvery year, the world relives 9/11 through its horrific imagery. And every year, the first person who comes to my mind is my father, a lifelong New Yorker who experienced the tragedy as a blind man.Read Post | CommentsSusan Blumenthal, M.D., 9/7/11Public Health Editor at HuffPost and Former U.S. Assistant Surgeon GeneralOver a decade later, as the obesity and tobacco epidemics loom and the burden of chronic disease continues to rise, the UN will hold a high-level summit on disease in two weeks. This time, it will finally focus on the prevention and control of non-communicable illnesses ...Read Post | CommentsMichaela Haas, 2011.09.09Dave Murphy, 2011.09.07Paul Dodson, 2011.09.07Jonny Evans, 2011.09.07Alex Thomson, 2011.09.07Jonny Owen, 2011.09.07Patrick Garratt, 2011.09.07Simon Welfare, 2011.09.07Ariadna Bakhmatova, 2011.09.07Stephen Brown, 2011.09.07","h1":"Using a mobile device? Go to m.huffpost.com for huffpost mobile.PERRY\u0027S PREMIERE WATCH LIVE: GOP Contenders Face Off.. First Debate For Rick Perry Since Announcing Candidacy.. LIVE UPDATES",".title":"Connect with your friendsMost Popular on HuffPostDon\u0027t Miss HuffPost Bloggers","h2":"","h3":"Arianna Huffington: HuffPost\u0027s First e-Book: A People\u0027s History of the Great RecessionDid We Lose the War?Getting Those Republican Attacks RightSeptember 11th, Ten Years LaterHip Hop and Global UnrestGo Big or Go Home: Why the Mainstream Successes of The Debt and Our Idiot Brother Matter8 Common Mistakes Parents Make When It Comes to AllowancesA Woman\u0027s Greatest StrengthPacking For College: Laptop, Books, Ramen Noodles, Gun?Did 9/11 Make Us Morally \u0027Better\u0027?The 2012 GOP Field: Not Even Ronald Reagan Could Get This Nomination9/11: The American Family SurvivesFive Reasons Romney\u0027s \"Plan\" Is the Same Old Job-Killing MadnessAge of Reason: George Clooney Is Telluride\u0027s Silver (Medallion) FoxRemembering Tragedy and Human SolidarityTen YearsTonight\u0027s Republican Debate: The 19th Century or the Stone Age?Hollywood\u0027s New Starving StarsHere Are the Jobs, Mr. PresidentLeaving God at the Door -- Why Michele Bachmann Needs to Reaffirm Kennedy\u0027s PromiseIntroducing The Biz and Livia Stone FoundationTop Ten Benefits of a Rick Perry PresidencyNew York\u0027s 9/11, and Not Letting GoThe End of Rescue Me, But Not Denis Leary9/11, in DarknessNon-Communicable Diseases: The Costs of Omission From the MDGs Results in a September UN SummitTurning the Tables on Domestic Violence in AsiaIf You Eat, You Better Get GIPSAHelsinki by DesignWhat is Smart TV, and why Does it Matter?The Sheepdogs, With Help From Rolling Stone, Prove That Facebook is an Unpersuasive Filter System for new MusicHow can you Hate Music?Fable\u0027s Journey Marks Start of Core Drive for Xbox 360\u0027s KinectA Tiger Killed by HypeSimple Tips on how to Reduce Anxiety in Your Daily LifeKing Mswati III is royally screwing Swaziland",".snippet":"","h4":"NBC\u0027s Andrea Mitchell: I Have CancerMore Media Coulter Trashed WHO?!.. Cooper Shocker.. Ed Rips Fox.. Huge Paper News.. Rush\u0027s ConspiracyAl Gore Slams Obama For Having \u0027Bowed To Pressure From Polluters\u0027More Green The Drought Machine.. India-Pakistan Border From Space.. Contamination Crackdown.. Tar BallsWATCH: Paul Ryan Protester Handcuffed, Pushed To The GroundMore Politics Obama\u0027s Game Plan.. Perry Plays With Fire.. Texas-Sized Rivalry.. \u0027Tea Party Zombies\u0027 GameRULES HAVE CHANGED: A People\u0027s History Of The Great RecessionArianna: Introducing HuffPost\u0027s First e-Book.. \u0027A Testament To The Power Of Bearing Witness\u0027Flight Canceled After Two Men Pulled Off PlaneMore Travel Maine\u0027s Blue Hill Fair.. Angry Birds Theme Park.. Rick Steves On Post 9/11 TravelIsrael Increasingly Isolated Ahead Of U.N. Vote On Palestinian StatehoodMore World Fearing For Survival.. Star Team Crash.. U.S. Proxy Wars.. Sex Abuse Apologies.. Stunning PeruAs Perry Enters Spotlight, His Past Presents A HurdleMORE: Perry Earns Praise From GOP Power OutsidersMichelle Rhee\u0027s Key Hire Finds Difficulty Building Trust With ProgressivesWATCH: Texas Wildfire Spreads Across Field In A MinuteHere\u0027s What Mitt Romney\u0027s Recession-Recovery Chart Should Look LikeEric Cantor Clarifies Disaster Relief StanceEducation Secretary Kicks Off Bus Tour In Support Of ReformMore Education NY Schools Aren\u0027t Better.. DC Teacher Evals RevisedRep. Facing Ethical Questions Over Legislation Benefiting Her HusbandRick Perry\u0027s Budget Leaves Texans In Bind Amidst Historic WildfiresGOP Candidates Urged To Talk Tough On Undocumented ImmigrationElementary School Principal Arrested For Molesting 7 StudentsGOP Leader: Congress Will Avoid Government ShutdownSuper Congress Democrats Demand Quick Jobs ActionWATCH: Georgia Sets Execution Date In Controversial Death Penalty CaseMore Black Voices Rick Perry Doesn\u0027t Get Superman.. Mos Def\u0027s Name Change.. All Eyes On SerenaNetflix Reportedly Limits Movie StreamsWATCH: Anderson Cooper Shreds Mitt Romney\u0027s Biggest ClaimConservative Bloggers Criticize Tea Party FavoriteU.S. Economy Drops To Fifth Most CompetitiveMore Business Work-Life Balance Benefits Employers.. Millions Of Job Openings.. $15K Reward For DogPICS: Miss Universe Hopeful In Trouble For Going CommandoMore Style Zara Phillips Is A \u0027RILF\u0027.. Karl Lagerfeld Calls DSK \u0027Fun!\u0027.. Kate Moss Strips DownMos Def Changing His Name To...More Culture All Things Venice.. The Best Worst Movie Ever?.. Steampunk OctopusLIVE TWEETS: Comedians Weigh In On The GOP DebateMore Comedy GOP Debate Drinking Game.. 17 Awesome Post-It Notes.. Jon Stewart Rips MediaDisturbing New Report Raises Questions About Boxer\u0027s DeathMore Sports Texas A\u0026M Held Hostage.. Awful Soccer Miss.. Dancing Tennis Star.. Pitching Phenom ReturnsWeatherman Wakes Up In Hot Tub With Naked CorpseMore Weird News Truck Thief Leaves Written Apology.. Belgium Denies Being \u0027Uncool\u0027.. Edible PerfumeCollege Drug Testing Entire Student BodyMore College Majoring In Debt.. Handling HomesicknessKim Kardashian: My Family Is \u0027Like The Brady Bunch On Crack\u0027More Divorce Lessons From The \u0027Falling Man\u0027.. French Sex Lawsuit.. Dating During DivorceWATCH: A Penalty Shot So Terrible That It\u0027s Actually Against The RulesInstant Ramen Gets Its Own MuseumMore Food ConAgra Bait And Switch.. S\u0027mores Gone Wild.. Fried Bubblegum.. Signs You\u0027re In A Bad RestaurantSchool Teacher Mysteriously Disappears, Car Found AbandonedIs This Reality TV Show Hiding The Disturbing Truth About Polygamy?More Books Is Self-Promotion Obnoxious?.. Culinary Words Explained.. New African BatmanPHOTOS: The 11 Best Gadgets From Summer\u0027s Last Big Tech ExpoMore Tech New Facebook Lawsuit.. Google\u0027s Hulu Bid.. Taser\u0027s New Gadget.. \u0027Jesus\u0027 Phone Ad.. Moon PicsMove Over Leonardo DiCaprio: Even BIGGER World Star Joins \u0027The Great Gatsby\u0027More Entertainment Pitt Attacked By Zombies.. Natalie\u0027s Other Side.. Von Trier Talks Nazis AgainWATCH: The Feel-Good Video Of The YearFamily Allegedly Left Woman To Die After Fall, Went Out For PizzaTwitter Co-Founder Makes Big AnnouncementMore Impact Young And Sick Enslaved In China.. Vet Tears Down Tattered Flag At Burger KingKate Gosselin \u0027Freaking Out\u0027 Over Show CancellationMore Celebrity Clooney Gal Bikini\u0027d.. Celebrity PDA.. Raven\u0027s New Man.. Marion\u0027s Cute BabyPHOTOS: The World Trade Centers That Never WereEnvironmentalist Rallies For Cleaner AirHuffPost\u0027s Greatest Person Of The Day","h5":"PERRY\u0027S PREMIERE WATCH LIVE: GOP Contenders Face Off.. First Debate For Rick Perry Since Announcing Candidacy.. LIVE UPDATES Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy Perry Ready To Attack Perry\u0027s strategists had kept mum, but they had their man ready to attack from the git-go. Best defense is a good offense. If Perry is thin-skinned, as the Romney camp thinks, then the best way to protest their man\u0027s skin is to let him go on the attack -- or at least that is evidently their thinking. -- Howard Fineman First Question Goes To Rick Perry Moderator Brian Williams directed the first question of the debate at Rick Perry, who used the opportunity to repeat his campaign theme -- that he\u0027s the guy to get America working again -- twice in a short answer: \"What Americans are looking for is someone who can get this country working again. ... So I will suggest to you Americans are focused on the right issue, and that is, who on this stage can get America working.\" Perry used the same line in his speech announcing his candidacy, saying, \"It is time to get America working again. That\u0027s why, with the support of my family, and an unwavering belief in the goodness of America, I declare to you today my candidacy for president of the United States.\" -- Amanda Terkel Reagan References In Tonight\u0027s Debate Former Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan said she was talking to MSNBC\u0027s Chris Matthews earlier about how they had both flown on the actual Air Force One plane hanging in the Reagan Library, which will be a part of the set for tonight\u0027s debate. Noonan flew on it during the Reagan administration, and Matthews did so during the Carter administration, when he worked for President Jimmy Carter. As they were discussing who else here tonight might have flown on that plane, an adviser to Jon Huntsman, the former U.S. ambassador to China and Utah governor said Huntsman had flown on it as well, when he was a young staffer in the Reagan administration. We\u0027re told Huntsman plans to make a reference to that plane and the fact that he flew on it. It will be one of a string of Reagan references, but in fact a few candidates will have to tread carefully when discussing Reagan. Rep. Ron Paul\u0027s campaign ran an ad hitting Rick Perry for his work on Al Gore\u0027s presidential campaign back in 1988, but Perry\u0027s campaign said today that he voted for Reagan in 80 and 84. -- Jon Ward Oops @ aterkel : Oops. Mitt Romney says he\u0027s running for governor. Quickly corrects himself. #reagandebate Rep. Ron Paul Airs Attack Ad As promised, Rep. Ron Paul\u0027s campaign aired its ad attacking Rick Perry for his support of Al Gore in the 1988 presidential elections just minutes before the GOP presidential debate began. The spot aired on MSNBC, not its mother network, which made it a cheaper purchase but also insured that fewer viewers saw the spot. Perry has scoffed at the charge that he was anti-Reagan in his political past. But his defense has consisted primarily of pointing out that Paul himself once declared that Reagan drove him from the Republican Party. -- Sam Stein Don\u0027t Hold Your Breath For Foreign Policy Needless to say, foreign policy doesn\u0027t promise to figure too heavily into this debate, coming as it is amid super committee deliberations about the budget and the day before a major presidential address on jobs. But that doesn\u0027t mean there aren\u0027t some good topics in the news to discuss. For one thing, just yesterday, news broke that the Obama administration is poised to keep 3,000 troops in Iraq after the deadline for withdrawal passes at the end of the year. Some Republican leaders have already come out against the troop drawdown, and talk of ending both the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is likely to figure into the discussion tonight. Earlier today, the National Security Network put out a list of five foreign policy topics that ought to come up during tonight\u0027s debate. Take a look at the list, and keep a tally if any of them get serious face time this evening. -- Joshua Hersh The Candidates Take The Stage @ jonward11 : candidates are on the stage. perry is puffing out his chest, standing to romney\u0027s left. looked at romney once or twice. romney looked ahead Romney\u0027s Call For A Strong Dollar Earlier today, Walid Zafar wrote on the Media Matters\u0027 \"Political Correction\" blog about how Mitt Romney\u0027s call for a strong dollar was at odds with his rhetoric in his jobs plan yesterday to label China a currency manipulator. Here\u0027s how Zafar put it: China manipulates its currency to keep it below the market rate, and therefore, keep the dollar strong ... which is exactly what Romney says he wants. It\u0027s unclear if Romney\u0027s economic advisors have made this connection. I spoke with a former Bush administration Treasury official this afternoon about this, who said that he thought Romney\u0027s campaign understands the contradiction, but is essentially speaking out of both sides of its mouth on purpose. \"Investors in U.S. Treasuries want to hear you say you\u0027re for a strong dollar. Nobody wants to hear anything associated with America -- which is eagles, apple pie, flags -- associated with the word weak. So there\u0027s a good basis in monetary policy why every responsible politician and economic policy official maintains this,\" the former administration official said. \"If you were to even hint or intimate that you were not for a strong dollar, there is a whole world of reporters that make it their lives\u0027 work to write three stories a week about what people think of the dollar, because that sells to their clients,\" he continued. Thus, if that were to happen, bond yields would go up, costs to bondholders would go down, and U.S. government borrowing costs would go up. \"Is it a fallacy? Absolutely,\" the former administration official said of the strong dollar talking point. \"It\u0027s the biggest joke in monetary policy. Is it the responsible thing to do? Yeah it is.\" \"Everybody who needs to know knows what we mean when we say strong dollar, which is strong dollar, except ...\" -- Jon Ward LGBT Advocacy Group Stages Protest Activists from the LGBT advocacy group GetEQUAL are protesting outside the Reagan Library tonight before the debate. In a press release, the group said the purpose was to make sure the GOP candidates\u0027 focus is \"on creating jobs -- not contributing to the hostile environment that the LGBT community frequently encounters.\" \"While the GOP candidates jockey for position at the front of the political pack, our youth are taking their own lives in record numbers,\" said Robin McGehee, director of GetEQUAL. \"It\u0027s time for these candidates to lead, rather than to follow the bigoted and discriminatory philosophies of fringe, right-wing activists who insist on demonizing fellow Americans for political gain.\" A photo of the protest, passed along by a GetEQUAL spokesman: -- Amanda Terkel Determining Rick Perry\u0027s Electability Here\u0027s the table-setter from earlier today, focusing on questions about Rick Perry\u0027s electability. When Rick Perry takes the stage Wednesday night for his first debate as a presidential candidate, many Republicans will be wondering, \"Who is this guy, really?\" Perry has shot to the head of the Republican primary field in national polls. But conversations with Republican lawmakers and voters this week have shown that many are not convinced the Texas governor has what it takes to be the party\u0027s nominee, or beat President Obama in the general election. \"I have my doubts that Perry can beat Obama in a head-to-head,\" said one influential Republican donor and activist in the Northeast, who said Perry has yet to come in for his \"media proctology exam.\" It\u0027s almost impossible to understate how much this question will be answered by the gauntlet of five debates over the next six weeks, starting tonight. After I filed the story earlier today, I spoke with one of the most influential Republican consultants in the country, who is not affiliated with any of the candidates. Here\u0027s how he put it regarding Perry, who he said he likes. \"What Perry exposed is there\u0027s a lot of not-Romney voters out there. And Bachmann kind of exposed that too but then Perry really demonstrated it. And the question is are they permanent not-Romney voters or are they just shopping? There was a time when there were a lot of not-McCain voters [in 2008]. I don\u0027t think a lot of Republican primary and caucus voters have bought yet. They\u0027re renting. Right now they\u0027re renting Perry.\" -- Jon Ward Debate Night Media Trope Successfully Played For Laughs As you are probably aware, your television news organizations have decided to drown America in debates -- there are many more to come after tonight\u0027s debate. You will be unable to avoid them between now and the end of October. If you want to terrify at your Halloween Party this year, come dressed as a debate. Onlookers will shudder. Since there are a ton of debates to look forward to, we can also look forward to the media trotting out the same old pre-game tropes. Such as \"Tonight\u0027s Republican Debate: X Things To Watch.\" Over at The Awl, Alex Balk figured he\u0027d get in on the action. Balk\u0027s piece is highlighted in red. If you still don\u0027t quite get the joke, click here. The point is, you have options. -- Jason Linkins Perry To Face Attacks A group of Romney advisers made their way through the vast media filing center here on the Reagan Library Campus a few minutes ago: campaign advisers Eric Fehrnstrom, Ron Kaufman, Ben Ginsberg and Bob White were all speaking with reporters. One pointed out that much of the direction of the debate may be dictated by who gets the first question and what they do with it. The focus may be on Rick Perry, but there are so many players on stage that the back and forth is likely to be more of a pinball than anything else. One thing is certain though, Perry will be getting it from many sides -- Ron Paul and Michele Bachmann have already attacked him, and Mitt Romney will certainly go on the offense against him -- and he will be looking to take the wood to Romney rather than spend the night defending himself. A big question will be whether he can do this with a smile and avoid looking petty, nasty and just downright unpresidential. -- Jon Ward Perry\u0027s Preparations Stir Buzz @ howardfineman : Perry rivals here in Cali say he brought four coats and ties to pre-debate run-through, wanted (didn\u0027t get) special lights. Perry camp mum. Perry Team Liveblogging, Tweeting Texas Gov. Rick Perry\u0027s campaign may or may not be sending out \"fact checks\" during the debate. It sounds like they want to save themselves some work and have reporters just check their Twitter feed and website. Here\u0027s the statement just put out by the Perry campaign: \"Members of the working press are encouraged to follow @PerryTruthTeam on Twitter and to visit www.rickperry.org for real-time updates concerning statements made during tonight’s Reagan Centennial GOP Candidates Debate in Simi Valley, Calif.\" -- Jon Ward How\u0027s That For Timing? Less than two hours before Texas Gov. Rick Perry took the stage for his first debate as a presidential candidate, the White House released a statement detailing President Barack Obama\u0027s call promising extensive federal aid to the Republican governor, who wrote a book last year about how much he hates the federal government. That federal funding Perry has requested to fight the fires and help the recovery, after cutting state funds for wildfire assistance earlier this year? Don\u0027t worry, Obama told Perry: we\u0027ll be there for you. Here\u0027s the full statement: Readout of the President’s Call to Texas Governor Rick Perry Today the President called Texas Governor Rick Perry to express his concern for citizens of Texas impacted by the unprecedented fires. During the call the President extended his condolences for the lives that have been lost as a result of these events, and made clear that the federal government, through DHS/FEMA and the U.S. Forest Service, will continue to make federal assistance available to state and local officials as they fight the fires. The President also assured the Governor that requests for additional assistance, including as recovery begins, would be quickly assessed. Following the call, the President directed his national security staff to continue to work closely with FEMA, the Forest Service and the State of Texas to ensure we were making all resources available. Over the last several days, at the request of the Governor, the Administration has granted eight Fire Management Assistance Grants, making federal funds available to reimburse eligible costs associated with efforts to combat the fires. FEMA is actively working with state and local officials to conduct damage assessments and to identify areas where additional federal assistance may be warranted. -- Jon Ward Previewing Tonight\u0027s Debate HuffPost\u0027s Jon Ward reports: When Rick Perry takes the stage Wednesday night for his first debate as a presidential candidate, many Republicans will be wondering, \"Who is this guy, really?\" Perry has shot to the head of the of the Republican primary field in national polls. But conversations with Republican lawmakers and voters this week have shown that many are not convinced the Texas governor has what it takes to be the party\u0027s nominee, or beat President Obama in the general election. \"I have my doubts that Perry can beat Obama in a head-to-head,\" said one influential Republican donor and activist in the Northeast, who said Perry has yet to come in for his \"media proctology exam.\" Click here to read more.","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 8 2010 2011 2012 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 8 2010 2011 2012AUG SEP OCT82010 2011 201231,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16@ aterkel : Oops. Mitt Romney says he\u0027s running for governor. Quickly corrects himself. #reagandebate@ jonward11 : candidates are on the stage. perry is puffing out his chest, standing to romney\u0027s left. looked at romney once or twice. romney looked ahead@ howardfineman : Perry rivals here in Cali say he brought four coats and ties to pre-debate run-through, wanted (didn\u0027t get) special lights. Perry camp mum.","article":""},"timeStamp":20110908001447,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
