{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel reports that while Obama\u0027s address doesn\u0027t have any mention of pro-choice or women\u0027s rights issues, Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood, issued a statement praising his speech:HuffPost\u0027s Arthur Delaney reports:But not everybody\u0027s paychecks are bigger. For the roughly 50 million workers who earn less than $20,000, the tax cut deal actually means smaller paychecks. That\u0027s because as part of the deal, the Making Work Pay tax credit was allowed to expire, and it was replaced with a temporary reduction in the Social Security payroll tax.As HuffPost has reported, the Making Work Pay credit gave workers up to $400, paid out at 8 percent of income, meaning that anybody making at least $5,000 gets the full amount. Its replacement knocks two percentage points off the payroll tax, meaning a worker would need to make $20,000 to get a $400 break.HuffPost\u0027s Sam Stein reports:Last year, that cabinet member was Housing Secretary Shaun Donovan. This year, the honor goes to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar.Some have expressed surprise that gun control will not be addressed tonight, but MSNBC\u0027s Chris Matthews is reporting that Obama is planning a future speech to address the issue.HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel reports that one of the most surprising proposals by Obama tonight is a reorganization of the federal government. From his prepared remarks:Now, we have made great strides over the last two years in using technology and getting rid of waste. Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse. We\u0027re selling acres of federal office space that hasn\u0027t been used in years, and we will cut through red tape to get rid of more. But we need to think bigger. In the coming months, my administration will develop a proposal to merge, consolidate, and reorganize the federal government in a way that best serves the goal of a more competitive America. I will submit that proposal to Congress for a vote - and we will push to get it passed.In the coming year, we will also work to rebuild people\u0027s faith in the institution of government. Because you deserve to know exactly how and where your tax dollars are being spent, you will be able to go to a website and get that information for the very first time in history. Because you deserve to know when your elected officials are meeting with lobbyists, I ask Congress to do what the White House has already done: put that information online. And because the American people deserve to know that special interests aren\u0027t larding up legislation with pet projects, both parties in Congress should know this: if a bill comes to my desk with earmarks inside, I will veto it.Obama\u0027s example about about the salmon comes directly from a report by the progressive Center for American Progress, a think tank that has sent a large number of employees to the administration. The December 2010 paper concludes that \"the present structure of the federal government’s economic policy apparatus is not conducive to the formulation of the cohesive long-term blueprint this country clearly needs\" and recommends ways to reorganize the federal government.Several excerpts of the official Republican response from Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) are now out, and Obama\u0027s address hasn\u0027t even begun. Read those here.HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes:HuffPost\u0027s Elise Foley says that reporters were permitted to bring laptops into the House Press Gallery, a zone that normally bans all electronic devices.Obama in his speech calls for a major increase in research and development spending to drive innovation. But the one source of funds he identifies to pay for it is more than an order of magnitude too small -- and a virtual political impossibility to boot.“Two years ago, I said that we needed to reach a level of research and development we haven’t seen since the height of the Space Race,” Obama says. “In a few weeks, I will be sending a budget to Congress that helps us meet that goal.”And he says “to help pay for it, I’m asking Congress to eliminate the billions in taxpayer dollars we currently give to oil companies. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but they’re doing just fine on their own.”How much would his R\u0026D plan cost? According to Ethan Pollack, a policy analyst at the Economic Policy Institute, “if you assume that the height of the space race was in 1969, then our R\u0026D outlays at that time were 1.7% of GDP. Right now they\u0027re about 1% of GDP, so that\u0027s about a 0.7% of GDP -- or about $100 billion -- annual increase in R\u0026D investment that we\u0027d need to hit that target.”And $100 billion may be low-balling it. “R\u0026D as a share of the economy actually topped out in 1967, at 2% of GDP, so getting back to that point would be an increase in just under $150 billion,” Pollack explains.By contrast, eliminating subsidies to oil companies would generate at most $5-6 billion a year. And Obama has asked Congress to do that before, to no avail.Tyson Slocum, director of Public Citizen’s energy program, said Obama has put such a proposal in each of his previous budgets. His FY2011 budget, for instance, called for “eliminating 12 tax breaks for oil, gas, and coal companies, closing loopholes to raise nearly $39 billion over the next decade.”-HuffPost\u0027s Dan FroomkinThe speech hasn\u0027t been delivered yet and the media has had no time to react, but HuffPost Pollster Brendan Nyhan has a prebuttal to the media already posted here.From tonight\u0027s State of the Union:Not to discredit anything here, but as often as our exit from Iraq gets mentioned, what\u0027s often left unsaid is that our withdrawal from Iraq is proceeding according to the current Status of Forces Agreement we\u0027ve negotiated with the Iraqis. It\u0027s great we\u0027re keeping this commitment. But the thing is, we have no say in the matter. The withdrawal timetable can only be altered by the Iraqi government. Vice President Joe Biden has recently signalled that our troops might be staying longer, but Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki was quick to put the kibosh on that:Subsequently, the White House very quickly accepted al-Maliki\u0027s premise as correct.Also often left unsaid about the Status of Forces Agreement: it was negotiated by President George W. Bush.-HuffPost\u0027s Jason LinkinsRep. Mike Honda (D-Calif.) is praising President Obama for his \"bold vision\" in the speech but criticizing him for not going far enough in cutting the defense spending, which is boosted by the billions spent in the war in Afghanistan:As a House Appropriator and member of the Budget Committee, I believe, like the President does, that reducing our national debt and the size of our deficit is crucial to our national and economic security. The key to achieving a balanced budget and reducing our deficit is the development of a high growth economy. This will only happen when we are honest about what works and what does not. If we are serious about cutting the deficit, let’s cut a bloated defense budget. Let\u0027s fully implement a health care law that will reduce the deficit by over a trillion dollars while getting health care to 35 million of America’s uninsured. Let\u0027s finally tell the truth about the costs of providing the wealthiest 2% with billions of dollars of additional tax cuts. We cannot fix our deficit by cutting discretionary programs needed to promote our economy and provide for our citizens. We cannot afford an endless war in Afghanistan. We must make critical investments in our nation’s economic future: our small businesses and entrepreneurs, our children, our students, our future workers.-HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel\"I haven’t arranged a date in advance, but I’ll look things over. Usually when I go to a bar, I benefit from \u0027beer goggles.\u0027 It may come as a surprise to your listeners, but there’s no alcohol available to those in attendance at the State of the Union address. And so this’ll be a new experience for me: going stag, but no alcohol.\" -Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman to SCPRThough Obama\u0027s speech hasn\u0027t even begun, Republicans have released excerpts of their response. Read about those here.HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes:\"I’m asking Congress to eliminate the billions in taxpayer dollars we currently give to oil companies. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but they’re doing just fine on their own,\" Obama will say, according to his prepared remarks. \"So instead of subsidizing yesterday’s energy, let’s invest in tomorrow’s.\"With an hour to go until the State of the Union begins, here are the prepared remarks in full.HuffPost reporters are scanning it for omissions. So far in our running list, these things didn\u0027t make the cut: Housing, a mention of middle class, any mention of Wall Street and gun control. Also no mention of the words \"climate change\" or \"global warming.\"HuffPost\u0027s Jason Linkins writes:In this morning\u0027s Washington Post, Ezra Klein wasn\u0027t too bullish on the power of a single State of the Union address to move the needle for its orator, but he did suggest that President Barack Obama had already achieved something significant before the speech even drops:And it\u0027s...worked. The conversation has changed. We\u0027ve stopped just talking about deficits and begun talking about investments. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was on \"Meet the Press\" on Sunday fretting that the word \"invest\" is mere code for \"more spending.\" Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell echoed him on \"Fox News Sunday.\" “With all due respect to our Democratic friends, any time they want to spend, they call it investment,\" he said.Klein might want to check in with what\u0027s been going on at his own newspaper! Let\u0027s take a look at what\u0027s on offer from Ann Kornblut, Scott Wilson and Perry Bacon Jr.:He will address \"investments\" in education, infrastructure and energy innovation in the speech - three ideas he first started discussing as far back as his first address to Congress in 2009. That same year, he banned earmarks from his big economic stimulus bill; Tuesday night, he will call for an earmark ban budget-wide.See what they did there? The conversation has changed to putting the word \"investment\" in the very scare quotes Eric Cantor wanted. So it\u0027s a wee bit premature to declare this as having \"already worked.\"The National Journal has posted the full text of a draft of Obama\u0027s speech.It’s no secret that those of us here tonight have had our differences over the last two years. The debates have been contentious; we have fought fiercely for our beliefs. And that’s a good thing. That’s what a robust democracy demands. That’s what helps set us apart as a nation.But there’s a reason the tragedy in Tucson gave us pause. Amid all the noise and passions and rancor of our public debate, Tucson reminded us that no matter who we are or where we come from, each of us is a part of something greater – something more consequential than party or political preference.We are part of the American family. We believe that in a country where every race and faith and point of view can be found, we are still bound together as one people; that we share common hopes and a common creed; that the dreams of a little girl in Tucson are not so different than those of our own children, and that they all deserve the chance to be fulfilled.That, too, is what sets us apart as a nation.Read the rest here.More advance excerpts from the GOP response:**********SPENDING: “In one of our first acts in the new majority, House Republicans voted to cut Congress’s own budget. And just today, the House voted to restore the spending discipline that Washington sorely needs. The reason is simple. A few years ago, reducing spending was important. Today, it’s imperative. Here’s why. We face a crushing burden of debt. The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy, and grow to catastrophic levels in the years ahead. On this current path, when my three children – who are now 6, 7, and 8 years old – are raising their own children, the federal government will double in size, and so will the taxes they pay. No economy can sustain such high levels of debt and taxation. The next generation will inherit a stagnant economy and a diminished country. Frankly, it’s one of my greatest concerns as a parent – and I know many of you feel the same way.”**********BUDGET: “Americans are skeptical of both political parties, and that skepticism is justified – especially when it comes to spending. So hold all of us accountable. In this very room, the House will produce, debate, and advance a budget. Last year – in an unprecedented failure– Congress chose not to pass, or even propose a budget. The spending spree continued unchecked. We owe you a better choice and a different vision. Our forthcoming budget is our obligation to you – to show you how we intend to do things differently, how we will cut spending to get the debt down, help create jobs and prosperity, and reform government programs.”**********FISCAL CHALLENGE AHEAD: “Our nation is approaching a tipping point. We are at a moment, where if government’s growth is left unchecked and unchallenged, America’s best century will be considered our past century. This is a future in which we will transform our social safety net into a hammock, which lulls able-bodied people into lives of complacency and dependency. Depending on bureaucracy to foster innovation, competitiveness, and wise consumer choices has never worked – and it won’t work now. We need to chart a new course.”**********“STIMULUS”: “The facts are clear: Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25% for domestic government agencies – an 84% increase when you include the failed stimulus. All of this new government spending was sold as ‘investment.’ Yet after two years, the unemployment rate remains above 9% and government has added over $3 trillion to our debt.”**********HEALTH CARE: “What we already know about the President’s health care law is this: Costs are going up, premiums are rising, and millions of people will lose the coverage they currently have. Job creation is being stifled by all of its taxes, penalties, mandates and fees. Businesses and unions from around the country are asking the Obama Administration for waivers from the mandates. Washington should not be in the business of picking winners and losers. The President mentioned the need for regulatory reform to ease the burden on American businesses. We agree – and we think his health care law would be a great place to start. Last week, House Republicans voted for a full repeal of this law, as we pledged to do, and we will work to replace it with fiscally responsible, patient-centered reforms that actually reduce costs and expand coverage.”********************ROLE OF GOVERNMENT: “We believe government’s role is both vital and limited – to defend the nation from attack and provide for the common defense … to secure our borders… to protect innocent life… to uphold our laws and Constitutional rights … to ensure domestic tranquility and equal opportunity … and to help provide a safety net for those who cannot provide for themselves. We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship, upward mobility, and individual responsibility. We believe, as our founders did, that ‘the pursuit of happiness’ depends upon individual liberty; and individual liberty requires limited government. Limited government also means effective government. When government takes on too many tasks, it usually doesn’t do any of them very well. It’s no coincidence that trust in government is at an all-time low now that the size of government is at an all-time high.”**********LIMITED GOVERNMENT: “We need to reclaim our American system of limited government, low taxes, reasonable regulations, and sound money, which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity. And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed. That’s the real secret to job creation – not borrowing and spending more money in Washington. Limited government and free enterprise have helped make America the greatest nation on earth.”Excerpt\u0027s from tonight\u0027s speech:At stake right now is not who wins the next election – after all, we just had an election. At stake is whether new jobs and industries take root in this country, or somewhere else. It’s whether the hard work and industry of our people is rewarded. It’s whether we sustain the leadership that has made America not just a place on a map, but a light to the world. We are poised for progress. Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known, the stock market has come roaring back. Corporate profits are up. The economy is growing again.But we have never measured progress by these yardsticks alone. We measure progress by the success of our people. By the jobs they can find and the quality of life those jobs offer. By the prospects of a small business owner who dreams of turning a good idea into a thriving enterprise. By the opportunities for a better life that we pass on to our children. That’s the project the American people want us to work on. Together.…Half a century ago, when the Soviets beat us into space with the launch of a satellite called Sputnik¸ we had no idea how we’d beat them to the moon. The science wasn’t there yet. NASA didn’t even exist.But after investing in better research and education, we didn’t just surpass the Soviets; we unleashed a wave of innovation that created new industries and millions of new jobs.This is our generation’s Sputnik moment.Excerpts from Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.)\u0027s Republican response to the State of the Union:HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes:Jim Houser, owner of Hawthorne Auto Clinic in Portland, Ore., is on his way to the White House for a reception with the president and first lady. Houser is one of 28 people invited to sit in the gallery with Michele Obama this evening. The co-chair of the Oregon branch of the Main Street Alliance, Houser is on hand to represent the wing of the small business community. House said his company left the National Federation of Independent Businesses once he realized it was “a front group for conservative Republicans. He stands to gain roughly $10,000 in tax credits for offering health insurance to his nine full-time employees as a result of health care reform, he said, and is on a commission working on implementing the exchanges that will offer him more choices of plans. Health care costs now account for a fifth of his payroll, he said, and he can no longer pass the hikes on to customers with the sagging economy. But it’s another provision, said Houser, that he is most grateful for at the moment. His 22-year-old daughter, he said, is unemployed and thanks to reform can be covered by his plan. His daughter is joining him at the White House and despite her joblessness, Houser said, she scraped together the scratch to get her nails done today before meeting the first couple.HuffPost\u0027s Shahien Nasiripour and Sam Stein have compiled a detailed scorecard of Obama\u0027s 2010 State of the Union. How did he do?On many of those pledges, analysts say, he delivered. But the main thrust of Obama\u0027s speech turned on his vow to generate jobs and jolt the moribund economy back to life -- and there, he came up short.Read the full story here.Rep. Michele Bachmann\u0027s Tea Party State of the Union response will criticize an \"explosion of government spending,\" ABC reports.HuffPost\u0027s Amy Lee examines Obama\u0027s clean energy promises:When the president delivers his State of the Union address this Tuesday, he is expected to announce his intent to support programs that will help the nation to pursue cleaner sources of energy--a potentially large source of new jobs.Obama\u0027s rhetorical commitment to clean energy has been well documented. But despite the fervor of his speech, his follow-up on a clean energy agenda, both in early-stage innovation and in large-scale deployment, has been seriously hampered by the administration\u0027s inability to pass the legislation necessary to facilitate a thriving clean energy future.Checkout the full story.People don\u0027t seem to like the bipartisan seating plan for the State of the Union.WUSA9 reports:Capitol Police tell 9NEWS NOW that the vehicle is from the Architect of the Capitol and they are talking to the driver.More here.HuffPost\u0027s William Alden takes a look at failed presidential promises on the economy during past State of the Union addresses:If he hasn\u0027t, he\u0027s at least in good company. A review of presidential promises in the last thirty years suggests that talk about job-creation has rarely been accompanied by action. Whether the results of policy fall short of the expectation, or whether the promised legislation simply doesn\u0027t get passed, presidents in recent history have rarely seen their promises become real.Three presidents in the past thirty years promised to cut taxes to create jobs, and two presidents promised to invest money in job-creation. Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush were both able to get their tax-cut agendas through Congress, but both saw less-than-desired results. Bill Clinton and Barack Obama pledged to spend money directly. Obama passed legislation, but didn\u0027t see the results he had promised; Clinton, overseeing a decade of historic growth, broke his spending promise when keeping it became unnecessary.Read the rest here.Daniel Hernandez, the intern hailed as a hero for his actions on the day of the Arizona shooting, tells ABC News that he is looking forward to meet the family of Christina-Taylor Green, the nine-year-old girl who was killed in Tucson.Chief Justice John Roberts will attend the State of the Union tonight, but he questions whether justices should show up: \"To the extent the State of the Union has degenerated into a political pep rally, I\u0027m not sure why we\u0027re there,\" he says.The Washington Post takes a look back at visitors invited to -- and invoked at -- the State of the Union.Fox News:Bachmann, a third-term Minnesota congresswoman renowned for lobbing rhetorical bombs at her opponents, plans to rebut the president\u0027s address in an online broadcast at the Tea Party Express website Tuesday night.More here.One Republican senator is already criticizing President Obama\u0027s spending freeze proposal. HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim reports:\"It\u0027s not enough,\" Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) told HuffPost after the news of Obama\u0027s freeze proposal broke. \"We\u0027ve surged spending in the last three years. so that\u0027s not sufficient.\"Obama has attempted to immunize himself from charges of profligate spending by calling for freezes in spending and on pay for federal workers in the past, but Sessions said he is unimpressed. \"He proposed that last time, as I recall, some sort of freeze and it hasn\u0027t made much difference.\"Read the rest here.It\u0027s not your imagination. The State of the Union is always strong. TBD put together this fun app of quotes about America\u0027s strength from past SOTU addresses.Reuters: Obama\u0027s soon-to-be proposed spending freeze covers only non-security, discretionary spending.Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski, who won a stunning write-in campaign after losing the Republican primary in 2010, is on board with a bipartisan seating plan for the State of the Union:But even if it\u0027s mere symbolism, she said, \"why not start with a symbolic gesture?\"More from Anchorage Daily News.House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) rejects House Majority Leader Eric Cantor\u0027s (R-Va.) offer to sit together during the State of the Union.Jason Linkins weighs in on State of the Union drinking games.More from ABC News:See the full report here.HuffPost\u0027s Jason Linkins and Hunter Stuart have prepared \"the essential State of the Union master cut.\" Check it out.President Obama will propose a budget freeze and earmark ban during tonight\u0027s State of the Union, ABC\u0027s Jake Tapper reports.An empty seat will be saved for Rep. Gabrielle Giffords tonight, the Arizona Republic reports.Six Supreme Court Justices will attend tonight\u0027s speech, including Chief Justice John Roberts, whom some thought might not appear.Rep. Michele Bachmann, who is delivering her own rebuttal to tonight\u0027s State of the Union address, will not be seen on NBC, CBS, MSNBC, Fox or Fox News, the Hill reports.State of the Union speeches are not about the state of the union. They are about the state of the president. More specifically, they are \"state of mind\" speeches, in which the president reveals what he thinks the country is thinking. People here in Washington will focus on the sketchy budget numbers he reveals or on the seating arrangement on the floor of the House -- or on budget freezes and debt numbers and troop levels. But the speech is a tight-shot focus on the president in his role as a leader, inspirer, explainer, lightning rod, antagonist and storyteller.Read Post | CommentsDoug Kendall, 01.25.2011Founder and President, Constitutional Accountability CenterAmerica is great and so were our Founders, but America\u0027s Founders were not perfect. By deifying the founding moment, Bachmann and the Tea Party ignore the great and enduring accomplishments of successive generations.Read Post | CommentsDaphne Eviatar, 01.25.2011Senior Associate, Human Rights First’s Law and Security ProgramIn addition to noting their own pain and anger, victims today praised a federal court judge and the United States justice system for bringing Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani to justice in a public courtroom following a fair trial.Read Post | CommentsArianna Huffington, 01.24.2011From Davos to DC, it\u0027s clear that the world is in need of big ideas. Let\u0027s hope the president, and those business and government leaders gathering a continent away, rise to the challenge.Read Post | CommentsJohn Farr, 01.25.2011Writer, editor and lecturer on timeless filmThis field of 10 illustrates how movies that would once have been judged just solid are now praised to the skies. To my mind, the Best Picture nominees that meet the historical standard number five.Read Post | CommentsMelinda Gates, 01.25.2011Co-chair, the Bill and Melinda Gates FoundationWe already have many of the key tools to save the lives of mothers and their newborns. New research proves that countries can integrate these tools into their existing health systems and save lives at a large scale without using new technology.Read Post | CommentsDon Tapscott, 01.25.2011Author, Consulting company CEO, Advisor to government and business leaders.Davos is quickly morphing from a once-a-year talkathon into a year-round network of leaders and leading thinkers tackling global problems. Nature hates a vacuum, and the Forum is expanding to fill a void in our systems for global cooperation.Read Post | CommentsMark Green, 01.25.2011Host, \u0027Both Sides Now w/ Huffington \u0026 Matalin\u0027, Columnist, the New York ObserverIt\u0027s only been three weeks but House Republicans are already losing momentum on health care, deficits, civility, guns, and Issa\u0027s investigations. Was Nov. 2 their high point?Read Post | CommentsClaudia Lonow, 01.25.2011Television writer; Producer; Bounty hunterConfession: I\u0027m fascinated with The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. I think it\u0027s because of all the housewives programs in all the land, this is the first incarnation that made me wonder: \"Could I be on this show?\"Read Post | CommentsRajeev Goyal, 01.25.2011National Coordinator, PushforPeaceCorps.org CampaignThough I never met Sarge Shriver, I know he would have wanted us to use his passing away as a chance to propel the Peace Corps to greatness again.Read Post | CommentsDan Collins, 01.25.2011New York Editor-At-Large of The Huffington PostEven if the former mayor of New York was as fine a leader on September 11 as he imagines he was, it\u0027s been a decade. If he has another act in him, we\u0027d have seen a hint.Read Post | CommentsAmy Rosen, 01.25.2011President \u0026 CEO, Network for Teaching EntrepreneurshipWe need to focus this week\u0027s discussion on identifying innovations that narrow the gap between the rich and poor.Read Post | CommentsPaul Abrams, 01.25.2011Physician, Biotechnology consultant, professional iconoclastThat is, there just is no big government versus small government debate. Just some differences along the spending continuum between 18-19 and 22-23% of GDP. But, watch the Democrats get snookered into it.Read Post | CommentsBernard-Henri Lévy, 01.25.2011French philosopher and writerRegardless of what its promoters and its useful idiots say, the only real, accepted, hackneyed goal of this boycott campaign is to de-legitimize Israel as such.Read Post | CommentsBrad Hirschfield, 01.25.2011Rabbi, Author and Expert on Religion and Public LifeIs it a big surprise to anyone that Osteen, an evangelical pastor and biblical literalist, believes homosexuality is a sin? Did Piers Morgan think that the answer would be different for a star than for a regular guy who happens to be gay?Read Post | CommentsJuan Cole, 01.25.2011Professor of Modern Middle East and South Asian History, University of MichiganThere should be a diplomatic middle path between overthrowing governments on the one hand, and backing odious dictatorships to the hilt on the other.Read Post | CommentsKeli Goff, 01.25.2011Author, commentator \u0026 Contributing Editor, TheLoop21.comThere are a lot of things we must do in life, not because they are really necessary, but because we are expected to. Increasingly, watching the State of the Union Address appears to fall in this category.Read Post | CommentsMichael B. Keegan, 01.25.2011President, People For the American WayScalia is not just getting mixed up in a political movement. He\u0027s getting mixed up in a political movement that centers on a skewed interpretation of the Constitution and a dangerously simple view of American history.Read Post | CommentsNeil Auerbach, 01.25.2011Managing Partner, Hudson Clean Energy Partners, LPThere is a path to forging bipartisan support for clean energy legislation in this Congress. Speak to conservatives in their language and they will listen.Read Post | CommentsMarvin Ammori, 01.25.2011Nebraska Law Professor: First Amendment/Internet LawI\u0027m giving Secretary Hillary Clinton the nod as the Obama Administration\u0027s improbable MVP. It appears the State Department has become a hub of technology activity.Read Post | CommentsBobby Shriver, 01.25.2011Co-Founder, REDThis week\u0027s AP story about small instances of fraud in The Global Fund is the best possible news. Here\u0027s why.Read Post | CommentsLarry Magid, 01.25.2011Technology journalistMac sales in its most recent quarter were up despite the popularity of the iPad. One reason sales surged is two new MacBook Air laptops, which in my opinion are the best portable PCs on the market.Read Post | CommentsLincoln Mitchell, 01.25.2011Harriman Institute, Columbia UniversityThere are no easy options open to Obama, but this remains an important speech, as it is his first address of this kind to a Congress that his party controls, and it comes on the heels of what might have been his best eight weeks in office.Read Post | CommentsKen Adelman, 01.25.2011Vice President, Movers and ShakespearesThe world\u0027s movers and shakers come to Davos with high expectations, feeling, as Shakespeare\u0027s character put it: \"I am giddy. Expectation whirls me around. The imaginary relish is so sweet that it enchants my senses!\"Read Post | CommentsMike Lux, 01.25.2011Author, The Progressive Revolution: How the Best in America Came to BeObama has to resist the siren call of a D.C. political and media establishment, with their deeply flawed version of what \"centrism\" is, and instead focus on the real center of American politics: the hard-pressed middle class.Read Post | CommentsRichard (RJ) Eskow, 01.25.2011Consultant, Writer, Senior Fellow with The Campaign for America\u0027s FutureThere will be a lot of talk about the economy tonight. If you find that your mind\u0027s getting lost in vagaries and theories, here are 10 benchmarks that provide context for tonight\u0027s speeches.Read Post | CommentsBen Kessler, 2011.01.25Mark Levine, 2011.01.25Samantha Daniels, 2011.01.25Brendan Nyhan, 2011.01.25Rita Altman, R.N., 2011.01.25Dr. Cheryl Pappas, 2011.01.25Dan Solin, 2011.01.25Stefania Lucchetti, 2011.01.25Randy Susan Meyers, 2011.01.25Don Tapscott, 2011.01.25","h1":"Using a mobile device? Go to m.huffpost.com for huffpost mobile.\u0027THE FUTURE IS OURS TO WIN\u0027 LIVE STATE OF THE UNION VIDEO AND FACT-CHECKING.. FULL SPEECH TEXT",".title":"BIG NEWS:","h2":"","h3":"Howard Fineman: The State Of The President And The American State Of MindThe Unbearable Lightness of Michele BachmannGhailani Trial and Sentence Affirms US Federal Court SystemDavos Diary: Heading to the World Economic Forum at a Crossroads Moment for the WorldOscar Picks and Predictions: A Year of Few SurprisesGroundbreaking Research Proves We Can Save Newborn Lives at ScaleDavos 2011: Davos Becoming a Year-Round Network to Tackle Global ProblemsReality Bites: The GOP Majority Hits the Ground... StumblingThe Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Could I Be One Too?It\u0027s Time for the Peace Corps Administration to Wake Up and ReformRudy Giuliani Is Frozen in TimeDavos 2011: On the Wealth Gap and EntrepreneurshipBeware the Big vs. Small Govt Trap: It\u0027s Only About 4%. Yes, 4%Why the Call to \"Boycott Israel\" Is CrapElton John\u0027s a Sinner According to Joel OsteenThe Corruption GameDoes the State of the Union Address Really Matter?Scalia Teaches First of Bachmann\u0027s Constitutional Mythology WorkshopsSpeaking to Conservatives About Clean EnergyObama\u0027s Unsung Tech Hero: Hillary ClintonWhy The AP Story Is Good News for the Global FundMacBook Air: Like an iPad With a Keyboard, Only BetterThe Right Tone for the State of the UnionDavos 2011: Movers and ShakespearesThe Middle Class and the Political CenterReality Checks: 10 Economic Benchmarks for the State of the Union and GOP ResponseHow to Get Your Hands on Super Bowl TicketsTime for Obama to Say KefayaIs the Man You Are Dating Being Honest?State of the Union Media PrebuttalWhat Children Can Teach Us About Alzheimer\u0027sWhy All the Boomer Fearmongering?Rich and Poor Serve Their Wall Street MastersWestern Tiger Mothers: Lessons from an Italian MatriarchKind or Cruel: What Kind of Parent Are You?Davos 2011: Davos Becoming a Year-Round Network to Tackle Global Problems",".snippet":"","h4":"What Obama Doesn\u0027t MentionRepublicans Urge Obama To Join In Cutting Spending2011 Oscar Nominations RevealedMore Entertainment Hudson, Franco Porn Biopic.. Holmes Bombs.. Idol Fired.. Rihanna Lesbian?Obama Considering Major Boost To Afghan Security ForcesMore Politics Palin Critic Threatened With Assassination.. GOPer Explains \u0027Macaca\u0027 Remark.. Brewer ControversyWATCH: Stewart Calls Out Fox News\u0027 Nazi HypocrisyMore Media Cooper Flunks Bachmann.. O\u0027Donnell, Maddow Pay Tribute.. Beck Target Speaks OutThe State Of The President And The American State Of MindLIVE UPDATES: Thousands Protest On Egypt\u0027s \u0027Day Of Rage\u0027More World Berlusconi\u0027s \u0027Brothel\u0027 Call.. France\u0027s Smoking Past.. Infants Fed Opium.. Security Fears After BlastVerizon Launching New Data PlanMore Tech Google Hiring Thousands.. Another Clunky Tech Term.. Google Voice FeatureOn Eve Of State Of The Union, Housing Market Hitting The SkidsGingrich: EPA Should Be EliminatedWhat If Davos Actually Worked?More Business BofA\u0027s \u0027Massive Fraud\u0027.. U.S. Consumers Cheery.. Most Investors Like ObamaCongressman Accuses White House Of Putting Spin Above ScienceGitmo Detainee Gets Life Sentence For Embassy PlotJudge Orders Rahm\u0027s Name On Ballots Pending AppealValerie Jarrett: Obama Thinks Rahm Should Be Eligible To Run For MayorInternet Strangers Alert Police To Apparent Suicide ThreatsObama\u0027s \u0027Pivot\u0027: Pandering To BusinessO\u0027Reilly Refuses To Say \u0027Hateful\u0027 Olbermann\u0027s NameAfter Saying Party Would Focus On Economy, GOP Leader Pushes Gay Marriage BanPutin: Retribution \u0027Inevitable\u0027 For Airport AttackAmazon To Launch New Service Soon?10 High-Paying Entry-Level JobsWATCH: Rick Santorum \u0026 Al Sharpton Face Off On Abortion100% Renewable Energy By 2030?Four Loko Found With Bodies Of 2 TeensThe Hottest Freshman In Congress Is...More Style Michelle In Gold.. Tom Ford On Sex.. Dunst At Chanel.. Fashion/Grammar Fail.. De La RentaTaco Bell Responds To Lawsuit Over Beef Content Of \u0027Taco Meat Filling\u0027More Food Best New Sandwiches.. Proper Swedish Meatballs.. New Coffee Terms.. FDA: Eat A Damn VegetablePHOTOS: 10 Dirtiest Hotels In AmericaMore Travel Austria\u0027s Ice Resort.. Ventura Sues TSA.. Flight Drops 26K Ft.. Stylish Flight AttendantsApplications Surge At Top CollegesMore College UConn Donor Wants A Refund.. Idaho Student Sues Over GunPHOTOS: Adorable Baby Gorilla BornMore Green Dog Hanged, Burned To Death For Chewing Bible.. Incredible Dolphin DiscoveryKnow Your Veils: A GuideMore Religion The Role Of Theology In Abortion.. Jewish Reincarnation?PHOTOS: Take That, Victoria\u0027s Secret! Paris Holds HUGE Lingerie ShowHappy Australia Day!THE ITALIAN SITUATION: \u0027Jersey Shore\u0027 Heading To Italy For Season 4Why Do Women End Marriages More Than Men?More Divorce Steve Harvey\u0027s Ex-Wife Lashes Out.. Is Divorce Ever Easy On The Kids?WATCH: Stephen Colbert BECOMES Keith OlbermannMore Comedy Angry Birds TV Show.. \u0027Jew\u0027 York Jets?.. Ridiculous Stock Photos.. Shake Weight VideoSurprise! Natural Gas Isn\u0027t So CleanTop Oscar Nominated Films You (Probably) Haven\u0027t SeenMORE OSCARS: Who got snubbed?Bears Fire Back At Jay Cutler\u0027s CriticsMore Sports No Cheerleaders At Super Bowl.. Jeter To Center Field?.. Jets Party After LossLarry King Hijacks Conan\u0027s InterviewDiGiorno Unveils Pizzas Bundled With Cookie Dough And \u0027Wyngz\u0027Chopin\u0027s Hallucinations Possibly Caused By EpilepsyMore Health How Free Radicals Speed Aging.. Savvy Food Shopping.. 150 Years Of Fad DietsGreatest Person Of The Day: An Olympian\u0027s Soccer Ball DiplomacySmart Or Creepy? Wyoming May Tape Teachers In ClassMore Education Whistle-Blowing Teachers Persecuted.. Teachers WANT Evaluations.. Battle Over Funding","h5":"\u0027THE FUTURE IS OURS TO WIN\u0027 LIVE STATE OF THE UNION VIDEO AND FACT-CHECKING.. FULL SPEECH TEXT Planned Parenthood Praises Speech HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel reports that while Obama\u0027s address doesn\u0027t have any mention of pro-choice or women\u0027s rights issues, Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood, issued a statement praising his speech: \"Planned Parenthood applauds President Obama\u0027s call to invest in America’s future in his State of the Union address. It’s clear that Americans want our elected leaders to focus on creating jobs and improving our economy. What they don\u0027t want is new legislation that takes away health care benefits and rights from American women. Obama: \u0027Americans\u0027 Paychecks Are A Little Bigger\u0027 HuffPost\u0027s Arthur Delaney reports: President Obama said Tuesday night that \"Americans’ paychecks are a little bigger today\" thanks to December\u0027s tax cuts package. But not everybody\u0027s paychecks are bigger. For the roughly 50 million workers who earn less than $20,000, the tax cut deal actually means smaller paychecks. That\u0027s because as part of the deal, the Making Work Pay tax credit was allowed to expire, and it was replaced with a temporary reduction in the Social Security payroll tax. As HuffPost has reported, the Making Work Pay credit gave workers up to $400, paid out at 8 percent of income, meaning that anybody making at least $5,000 gets the full amount. Its replacement knocks two percentage points off the payroll tax, meaning a worker would need to make $20,000 to get a $400 break. \u0027Designated Survivor\u0027 Is Salazar HuffPost\u0027s Sam Stein reports: At every State of the Union address there is one member of the cabinet who is left behind as the others go to see the president deliver his bicameral address. It is a lone position, designated by the, rather morbid moniker: “designated survivor.” Last year, that cabinet member was Housing Secretary Shaun Donovan. This year, the honor goes to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar. Gun Control Speech Coming Later Some have expressed surprise that gun control will not be addressed tonight, but MSNBC\u0027s Chris Matthews is reporting that Obama is planning a future speech to address the issue. A Surprising Proposal HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel reports that one of the most surprising proposals by Obama tonight is a reorganization of the federal government. From his prepared remarks: We live and do business in the information age, but the last major reorganization of the government happened in the age of black and white TV. There are twelve different agencies that deal with exports. There are at least five different entities that deal with housing policy. Then there\u0027s my favorite example: the Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they\u0027re in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them in when they\u0027re in saltwater. And I hear it gets even more complicated once they\u0027re smoked. Now, we have made great strides over the last two years in using technology and getting rid of waste. Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse. We\u0027re selling acres of federal office space that hasn\u0027t been used in years, and we will cut through red tape to get rid of more. But we need to think bigger. In the coming months, my administration will develop a proposal to merge, consolidate, and reorganize the federal government in a way that best serves the goal of a more competitive America. I will submit that proposal to Congress for a vote - and we will push to get it passed. In the coming year, we will also work to rebuild people\u0027s faith in the institution of government. Because you deserve to know exactly how and where your tax dollars are being spent, you will be able to go to a website and get that information for the very first time in history. Because you deserve to know when your elected officials are meeting with lobbyists, I ask Congress to do what the White House has already done: put that information online. And because the American people deserve to know that special interests aren\u0027t larding up legislation with pet projects, both parties in Congress should know this: if a bill comes to my desk with earmarks inside, I will veto it. Obama\u0027s example about about the salmon comes directly from a report by the progressive Center for American Progress, a think tank that has sent a large number of employees to the administration. The December 2010 paper concludes that \"the present structure of the federal government’s economic policy apparatus is not conducive to the formulation of the cohesive long-term blueprint this country clearly needs\" and recommends ways to reorganize the federal government. Excerpts Of Republican Response Several excerpts of the official Republican response from Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) are now out, and Obama\u0027s address hasn\u0027t even begun. Read those here. Senators Heading To House Chamber HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes: Senators who had assembled in the Senate well are now headed across the Capitol to the House chamber, having found their cross-party dates and exited the chamber two by two. High profile couples, such as Sens. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), led the way, while newly minted members trailed behind -- Sen. Jon Boozman (R-Ark.), who replaced Blanche Lincoln, walked out with his arm around Democrat Chris Coons, appearing from the gallery to be nearly twice the Delaware senator\u0027s size. Of the female senators, Lisa Murkowski appeared to be the only one to forgo the ritual of donning red. Laptops OK In Gallery HuffPost\u0027s Elise Foley says that reporters were permitted to bring laptops into the House Press Gallery, a zone that normally bans all electronic devices. Obama’s R\u0026D Funding Gap Obama in his speech calls for a major increase in research and development spending to drive innovation. But the one source of funds he identifies to pay for it is more than an order of magnitude too small -- and a virtual political impossibility to boot. “Two years ago, I said that we needed to reach a level of research and development we haven’t seen since the height of the Space Race,” Obama says. “In a few weeks, I will be sending a budget to Congress that helps us meet that goal.” And he says “to help pay for it, I’m asking Congress to eliminate the billions in taxpayer dollars we currently give to oil companies. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but they’re doing just fine on their own.” How much would his R\u0026D plan cost? According to Ethan Pollack, a policy analyst at the Economic Policy Institute, “if you assume that the height of the space race was in 1969, then our R\u0026D outlays at that time were 1.7% of GDP. Right now they\u0027re about 1% of GDP, so that\u0027s about a 0.7% of GDP -- or about $100 billion -- annual increase in R\u0026D investment that we\u0027d need to hit that target.” And $100 billion may be low-balling it. “R\u0026D as a share of the economy actually topped out in 1967, at 2% of GDP, so getting back to that point would be an increase in just under $150 billion,” Pollack explains. By contrast, eliminating subsidies to oil companies would generate at most $5-6 billion a year. And Obama has asked Congress to do that before, to no avail. Tyson Slocum, director of Public Citizen’s energy program, said Obama has put such a proposal in each of his previous budgets. His FY2011 budget, for instance, called for “eliminating 12 tax breaks for oil, gas, and coal companies, closing loopholes to raise nearly $39 billion over the next decade.” -HuffPost\u0027s Dan Froomkin Prebuttal To Media Reaction The speech hasn\u0027t been delivered yet and the media has had no time to react, but HuffPost Pollster Brendan Nyhan has a prebuttal to the media already posted here. The Process of Iraq Withdrawal Continues According To Plan From tonight\u0027s State of the Union: Look to Iraq, where nearly 100,000 of our brave men and women have left with their heads held high; where American combat patrols have ended; violence has come down; and a new government has been formed. This year, our civilians will forge a lasting partnership with the Iraqi people, while we finish the job of bringing our troops out of Iraq. America’s commitment has been kept; the Iraq War is coming to an end. Not to discredit anything here, but as often as our exit from Iraq gets mentioned, what\u0027s often left unsaid is that our withdrawal from Iraq is proceeding according to the current Status of Forces Agreement we\u0027ve negotiated with the Iraqis. It\u0027s great we\u0027re keeping this commitment. But the thing is, we have no say in the matter. The withdrawal timetable can only be altered by the Iraqi government. Vice President Joe Biden has recently signalled that our troops might be staying longer, but Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki was quick to put the kibosh on that: Yet al-Maliki a little more than two weeks ago said U.S. assistance would not be needed beyond the deadline and that all U.S. soldiers would be gone by then. \"The last American soldier will leave Iraq,\" the Iraqi Prime Minister said in an interview published in Wall Street Journal on December 27. There would be no modification of the Status of Forces Agreement, he said. \"This agreement is not subject to extension, not subject to alteration. It is sealed.\" Subsequently, the White House very quickly accepted al-Maliki\u0027s premise as correct. Also often left unsaid about the Status of Forces Agreement: it was negotiated by President George W. Bush. -HuffPost\u0027s Jason Linkins Honda Reacts To Obama\u0027s Planned Remarks Rep. Mike Honda (D-Calif.) is praising President Obama for his \"bold vision\" in the speech but criticizing him for not going far enough in cutting the defense spending, which is boosted by the billions spent in the war in Afghanistan: Tonight, President Obama set forth a bold vision for this country. For the first two years of his Presidency, we have been cleaning up the mess that was left by the Bush Administration. It hasn’t always been pretty, but every step of the way we’ve made clear, substantive and measurable progress. Now we are ready to move forward, and tonight the President provided us with a blueprint for the 21st century. A blueprint that will see America once again lead the world in the technologies of tomorrow by investing in the services and infrastructure of today: education, clean energy and high-speed rail. It is in these investments that we will find sensible long-term deficit reduction that will allow our economy to grow and build jobs. As a House Appropriator and member of the Budget Committee, I believe, like the President does, that reducing our national debt and the size of our deficit is crucial to our national and economic security. The key to achieving a balanced budget and reducing our deficit is the development of a high growth economy. This will only happen when we are honest about what works and what does not. If we are serious about cutting the deficit, let’s cut a bloated defense budget. Let\u0027s fully implement a health care law that will reduce the deficit by over a trillion dollars while getting health care to 35 million of America’s uninsured. Let\u0027s finally tell the truth about the costs of providing the wealthiest 2% with billions of dollars of additional tax cuts. We cannot fix our deficit by cutting discretionary programs needed to promote our economy and provide for our citizens. We cannot afford an endless war in Afghanistan. We must make critical investments in our nation’s economic future: our small businesses and entrepreneurs, our children, our students, our future workers. -HuffPost\u0027s Amanda Terkel No Date To SOTU For Congressman Sherman \"I haven’t arranged a date in advance, but I’ll look things over. Usually when I go to a bar, I benefit from \u0027beer goggles.\u0027 It may come as a surprise to your listeners, but there’s no alcohol available to those in attendance at the State of the Union address. And so this’ll be a new experience for me: going stag, but no alcohol.\" -Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman to SCPR Republican Response Though Obama\u0027s speech hasn\u0027t even begun, Republicans have released excerpts of their response. Read about those here. Obama To Address Oil Subsidies HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes: Obama will challenge Congress to eliminate billions in subsidies for Big Oil, setting up a confrontation between, on the one hand, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle who are indebted to the petroleum industry, and on the other hand a left-right coalition of Tea Party-backed Republicans who want to cut government spending and progressive Democrats who recoil at a policy that subsidizes the extraction of fossil fuels at the expense of renewable energy. \"I’m asking Congress to eliminate the billions in taxpayer dollars we currently give to oil companies. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but they’re doing just fine on their own,\" Obama will say, according to his prepared remarks. \"So instead of subsidizing yesterday’s energy, let’s invest in tomorrow’s.\" Prepared Remarks Now Public With an hour to go until the State of the Union begins, here are the prepared remarks in full. HuffPost reporters are scanning it for omissions. So far in our running list, these things didn\u0027t make the cut: Housing, a mention of middle class, any mention of Wall Street and gun control. Also no mention of the words \"climate change\" or \"global warming.\" Changing The Conversation On Investments HuffPost\u0027s Jason Linkins writes: In this morning\u0027s Washington Post, Ezra Klein wasn\u0027t too bullish on the power of a single State of the Union address to move the needle for its orator, but he did suggest that President Barack Obama had already achieved something significant before the speech even drops: The president won\u0027t give his annual State of the Union address until later tonight, but in an important way, the speech has already worked. For the past week or so, news report after news report has dutifully relayed the argument the president is planning to offer tonight: America needs to be competitive going forward, and to be competitive going forward, it needs to invest in things like infrastructure, R\u0026D and education, not just reduce the deficit. And it\u0027s...worked. The conversation has changed. We\u0027ve stopped just talking about deficits and begun talking about investments. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was on \"Meet the Press\" on Sunday fretting that the word \"invest\" is mere code for \"more spending.\" Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell echoed him on \"Fox News Sunday.\" “With all due respect to our Democratic friends, any time they want to spend, they call it investment,\" he said. Klein might want to check in with what\u0027s been going on at his own newspaper! Let\u0027s take a look at what\u0027s on offer from Ann Kornblut, Scott Wilson and Perry Bacon Jr.: To a striking degree, Obama appears poised to recycle themes and ideas he has offered many times before. He will address \"investments\" in education, infrastructure and energy innovation in the speech - three ideas he first started discussing as far back as his first address to Congress in 2009. That same year, he banned earmarks from his big economic stimulus bill; Tuesday night, he will call for an earmark ban budget-wide. See what they did there? The conversation has changed to putting the word \"investment\" in the very scare quotes Eric Cantor wanted. So it\u0027s a wee bit premature to declare this as having \"already worked.\" Obama\u0027s Speech The National Journal has posted the full text of a draft of Obama\u0027s speech. Tonight I want to begin by congratulating the men and women of the 112th Congress, as well as your new Speaker, John Boehner. And as we mark this occasion, we are also mindful of the empty chair in this Chamber, and pray for the health of our colleague – and our friend – Gabby Giffords. It’s no secret that those of us here tonight have had our differences over the last two years. The debates have been contentious; we have fought fiercely for our beliefs. And that’s a good thing. That’s what a robust democracy demands. That’s what helps set us apart as a nation. But there’s a reason the tragedy in Tucson gave us pause. Amid all the noise and passions and rancor of our public debate, Tucson reminded us that no matter who we are or where we come from, each of us is a part of something greater – something more consequential than party or political preference. We are part of the American family. We believe that in a country where every race and faith and point of view can be found, we are still bound together as one people; that we share common hopes and a common creed; that the dreams of a little girl in Tucson are not so different than those of our own children, and that they all deserve the chance to be fulfilled. That, too, is what sets us apart as a nation. Read the rest here. Paul Ryan: \u0027Our Nation Is Approaching A Tipping Point\u0027 More advance excerpts from the GOP response: REP. GABRIELLE GIFFORDS: “President Obama just addressed a Congressional chamber filled with many new faces. One face we did not see tonight was that of our friend and colleague, Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona. We all miss Gabby and her cheerful spirit; and we are praying for her return to the House Chamber.” ********** SPENDING: “In one of our first acts in the new majority, House Republicans voted to cut Congress’s own budget. And just today, the House voted to restore the spending discipline that Washington sorely needs. The reason is simple. A few years ago, reducing spending was important. Today, it’s imperative. Here’s why. We face a crushing burden of debt. The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy, and grow to catastrophic levels in the years ahead. On this current path, when my three children – who are now 6, 7, and 8 years old – are raising their own children, the federal government will double in size, and so will the taxes they pay. No economy can sustain such high levels of debt and taxation. The next generation will inherit a stagnant economy and a diminished country. Frankly, it’s one of my greatest concerns as a parent – and I know many of you feel the same way.” ********** BUDGET: “Americans are skeptical of both political parties, and that skepticism is justified – especially when it comes to spending. So hold all of us accountable. In this very room, the House will produce, debate, and advance a budget. Last year – in an unprecedented failure– Congress chose not to pass, or even propose a budget. The spending spree continued unchecked. We owe you a better choice and a different vision. Our forthcoming budget is our obligation to you – to show you how we intend to do things differently, how we will cut spending to get the debt down, help create jobs and prosperity, and reform government programs.” ********** FISCAL CHALLENGE AHEAD: “Our nation is approaching a tipping point. We are at a moment, where if government’s growth is left unchecked and unchallenged, America’s best century will be considered our past century. This is a future in which we will transform our social safety net into a hammock, which lulls able-bodied people into lives of complacency and dependency. Depending on bureaucracy to foster innovation, competitiveness, and wise consumer choices has never worked – and it won’t work now. We need to chart a new course.” ********** “STIMULUS”: “The facts are clear: Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25% for domestic government agencies – an 84% increase when you include the failed stimulus. All of this new government spending was sold as ‘investment.’ Yet after two years, the unemployment rate remains above 9% and government has added over $3 trillion to our debt.” ********** HEALTH CARE: “What we already know about the President’s health care law is this: Costs are going up, premiums are rising, and millions of people will lose the coverage they currently have. Job creation is being stifled by all of its taxes, penalties, mandates and fees. Businesses and unions from around the country are asking the Obama Administration for waivers from the mandates. Washington should not be in the business of picking winners and losers. The President mentioned the need for regulatory reform to ease the burden on American businesses. We agree – and we think his health care law would be a great place to start. Last week, House Republicans voted for a full repeal of this law, as we pledged to do, and we will work to replace it with fiscally responsible, patient-centered reforms that actually reduce costs and expand coverage.” **********DEBT LIMIT: “Whether sold as ‘stimulus’ or repackaged as ‘investment,’ their actions show they want a federal government that controls too much; taxes too much; and spends too much in order to do too much. And during the last two years, that is exactly what we have gotten – along with record deficits and debt – to the point where the President is now urging Congress to increase the debt limit. We believe the days of business as usual must come to an end. We hold to a couple of simple convictions: Endless borrowing is not a strategy; spending cuts have to come first.” ********** ROLE OF GOVERNMENT: “We believe government’s role is both vital and limited – to defend the nation from attack and provide for the common defense … to secure our borders… to protect innocent life… to uphold our laws and Constitutional rights … to ensure domestic tranquility and equal opportunity … and to help provide a safety net for those who cannot provide for themselves. We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship, upward mobility, and individual responsibility. We believe, as our founders did, that ‘the pursuit of happiness’ depends upon individual liberty; and individual liberty requires limited government. Limited government also means effective government. When government takes on too many tasks, it usually doesn’t do any of them very well. It’s no coincidence that trust in government is at an all-time low now that the size of government is at an all-time high.” ********** LIMITED GOVERNMENT: “We need to reclaim our American system of limited government, low taxes, reasonable regulations, and sound money, which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity. And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed. That’s the real secret to job creation – not borrowing and spending more money in Washington. Limited government and free enterprise have helped make America the greatest nation on earth.” Obama: \u0027We Will Move Forward Together, Or Not At All\u0027 Excerpt\u0027s from tonight\u0027s speech: With their votes, the American people determined that governing will now be a shared responsibility between parties. New laws will only pass with support from Democrats and Republicans. We will move forward together, or not at all – for the challenges we face are bigger than party, and bigger than politics. At stake right now is not who wins the next election – after all, we just had an election. At stake is whether new jobs and industries take root in this country, or somewhere else. It’s whether the hard work and industry of our people is rewarded. It’s whether we sustain the leadership that has made America not just a place on a map, but a light to the world. We are poised for progress. Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known, the stock market has come roaring back. Corporate profits are up. The economy is growing again. But we have never measured progress by these yardsticks alone. We measure progress by the success of our people. By the jobs they can find and the quality of life those jobs offer. By the prospects of a small business owner who dreams of turning a good idea into a thriving enterprise. By the opportunities for a better life that we pass on to our children. That’s the project the American people want us to work on. Together. … Half a century ago, when the Soviets beat us into space with the launch of a satellite called Sputnik¸ we had no idea how we’d beat them to the moon. The science wasn’t there yet. NASA didn’t even exist. But after investing in better research and education, we didn’t just surpass the Soviets; we unleashed a wave of innovation that created new industries and millions of new jobs. This is our generation’s Sputnik moment. The GOP Response Excerpts from Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.)\u0027s Republican response to the State of the Union: \"Americans are skeptical of both political parties, and that skepticism is justified - especially when it comes to spending. So hold all of us accountable. In this very room, the House will produce, debate, and advance a budget. Last year - in an unprecedented failure- Congress chose not to pass, or even propose a budget. The spending spree continued unchecked. We owe you a better choice and a different vision. Our forthcoming budget is our obligation to you - to show you how we intend to do things differently ... how we will cut spending to get the debt down... help create jobs and prosperity ... and reform government programs.\" A Visitor From Oregon HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim writes: Jim Houser, owner of Hawthorne Auto Clinic in Portland, Ore., is on his way to the White House for a reception with the president and first lady. Houser is one of 28 people invited to sit in the gallery with Michele Obama this evening. The co-chair of the Oregon branch of the Main Street Alliance, Houser is on hand to represent the wing of the small business community. House said his company left the National Federation of Independent Businesses once he realized it was “a front group for conservative Republicans. He stands to gain roughly $10,000 in tax credits for offering health insurance to his nine full-time employees as a result of health care reform, he said, and is on a commission working on implementing the exchanges that will offer him more choices of plans. Health care costs now account for a fifth of his payroll, he said, and he can no longer pass the hikes on to customers with the sagging economy. But it’s another provision, said Houser, that he is most grateful for at the moment. His 22-year-old daughter, he said, is unemployed and thanks to reform can be covered by his plan. His daughter is joining him at the White House and despite her joblessness, Houser said, she scraped together the scratch to get her nails done today before meeting the first couple. 2010 Scorecard HuffPost\u0027s Shahien Nasiripour and Sam Stein have compiled a detailed scorecard of Obama\u0027s 2010 State of the Union. How did he do? According to a Huffington Post analysis of last year\u0027s speech, Obama made 18 broad pledges to the country, ranging from economic growth and financial reform to troop withdrawals in Afghanistan. On many of those pledges, analysts say, he delivered. But the main thrust of Obama\u0027s speech turned on his vow to generate jobs and jolt the moribund economy back to life -- and there, he came up short. Read the full story here. Bachmann\u0027s Response Rep. Michele Bachmann\u0027s Tea Party State of the Union response will criticize an \"explosion of government spending,\" ABC reports. Clean Energy HuffPost\u0027s Amy Lee examines Obama\u0027s clean energy promises: $150 billion in the next ten years--that\u0027s what the Obama administration has been promising in government spending for clean energy since the president was still just a candidate running for office. When the president delivers his State of the Union address this Tuesday, he is expected to announce his intent to support programs that will help the nation to pursue cleaner sources of energy--a potentially large source of new jobs. Obama\u0027s rhetorical commitment to clean energy has been well documented. But despite the fervor of his speech, his follow-up on a clean energy agenda, both in early-stage innovation and in large-scale deployment, has been seriously hampered by the administration\u0027s inability to pass the legislation necessary to facilitate a thriving clean energy future. Checkout the full story. Much Ado About Nothing? People don\u0027t seem to like the bipartisan seating plan for the State of the Union. Bomb Squads Near Capitol WUSA9 reports: WASHINGTON (WUSA) -- Capitol Police are investing a vehicle in Capitol Hill after a K9 alerted them to the car. Capitol Police tell 9NEWS NOW that the vehicle is from the Architect of the Capitol and they are talking to the driver. More here. 30 Years Of Failed Promises HuffPost\u0027s William Alden takes a look at failed presidential promises on the economy during past State of the Union addresses: When it comes to job growth, has President Barack Obama kept all the promises he\u0027s made to the American people? Will he be able to keep the promises he will surely make Tuesday evening, in his latest State of the Union speech? If he hasn\u0027t, he\u0027s at least in good company. A review of presidential promises in the last thirty years suggests that talk about job-creation has rarely been accompanied by action. Whether the results of policy fall short of the expectation, or whether the promised legislation simply doesn\u0027t get passed, presidents in recent history have rarely seen their promises become real. Three presidents in the past thirty years promised to cut taxes to create jobs, and two presidents promised to invest money in job-creation. Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush were both able to get their tax-cut agendas through Congress, but both saw less-than-desired results. Bill Clinton and Barack Obama pledged to spend money directly. Obama passed legislation, but didn\u0027t see the results he had promised; Clinton, overseeing a decade of historic growth, broke his spending promise when keeping it became unnecessary. Read the rest here. Arizona Daniel Hernandez, the intern hailed as a hero for his actions on the day of the Arizona shooting, tells ABC News that he is looking forward to meet the family of Christina-Taylor Green, the nine-year-old girl who was killed in Tucson. \u0027Political Pep Rally\u0027 Chief Justice John Roberts will attend the State of the Union tonight, but he questions whether justices should show up: \"To the extent the State of the Union has degenerated into a political pep rally, I\u0027m not sure why we\u0027re there,\" he says. SOTU Visitors The Washington Post takes a look back at visitors invited to -- and invoked at -- the State of the Union. Bachmann Poses A Problem Fox News: It\u0027s bad enough that Rep. Paul Ryan has to follow President Obama. Now the brainy Wisconsin congressman tapped to give the official Republican response to the State of the Union address must also compete for attention with Tea Party star Michele Bachmann. Bachmann, a third-term Minnesota congresswoman renowned for lobbing rhetorical bombs at her opponents, plans to rebut the president\u0027s address in an online broadcast at the Tea Party Express website Tuesday night. More here. GOP Senator: Spending Freeze Proposal \u0027Not Enough\u0027 One Republican senator is already criticizing President Obama\u0027s spending freeze proposal. HuffPost\u0027s Ryan Grim reports: If President Obama was hoping to win over the Republican Party by proposing a five-year freeze in non-security discretionary spending in his State of the Union address, he\u0027s unlikely to be satisfied. \"It\u0027s not enough,\" Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) told HuffPost after the news of Obama\u0027s freeze proposal broke. \"We\u0027ve surged spending in the last three years. so that\u0027s not sufficient.\" Obama has attempted to immunize himself from charges of profligate spending by calling for freezes in spending and on pay for federal workers in the past, but Sessions said he is unimpressed. \"He proposed that last time, as I recall, some sort of freeze and it hasn\u0027t made much difference.\" Read the rest here. State Of The Union: \u0027Strong\u0027 It\u0027s not your imagination. The State of the Union is always strong. TBD put together this fun app of quotes about America\u0027s strength from past SOTU addresses. Partial Freeze Reuters: Obama\u0027s soon-to-be proposed spending freeze covers only non-security, discretionary spending. Murkowski: Why Not? Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski, who won a stunning write-in campaign after losing the Republican primary in 2010, is on board with a bipartisan seating plan for the State of the Union: Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, who was among the first senators to call for bipartisan seating at tonight\u0027s State of the Union address, acknowledged that the move might be little more than a nod to civility at a time of rancorous political discourse. But even if it\u0027s mere symbolism, she said, \"why not start with a symbolic gesture?\" More from Anchorage Daily News. Pelosi To Cantor: No Thanks House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) rejects House Majority Leader Eric Cantor\u0027s (R-Va.) offer to sit together during the State of the Union. @ nancypelosi : I thank @GOPLeader for his #SOTU offer, but I invited my friend Rep. Bartlett from MD yesterday \u0026 am pleased he accepted Drinking Jason Linkins weighs in on State of the Union drinking games. The Freeze More from ABC News: The president will propose some new spending in certain areas that address the speech’s theme of “How We Win the Future”: innovation, education and infrastructure. But those increases will be proposed as part of an overall budget freeze, which given the annual rate of growth is often seen in Washington, DC, budgeting as a cut. See the full report here. Looking Back HuffPost\u0027s Jason Linkins and Hunter Stuart have prepared \"the essential State of the Union master cut.\" Check it out. Budget Freeze President Obama will propose a budget freeze and earmark ban during tonight\u0027s State of the Union, ABC\u0027s Jake Tapper reports. Giffords Gets A Seat An empty seat will be saved for Rep. Gabrielle Giffords tonight, the Arizona Republic reports. Six Justices Attending Six Supreme Court Justices will attend tonight\u0027s speech, including Chief Justice John Roberts, whom some thought might not appear. Bachmann\u0027s Small Audience Rep. Michele Bachmann, who is delivering her own rebuttal to tonight\u0027s State of the Union address, will not be seen on NBC, CBS, MSNBC, Fox or Fox News, the Hill reports. Did Obama Deliver? 2010 State Of The Union Scorecard.. HuffPost Bloggers Weigh In.. GOP Cool On Bachmann\u0027s Response.. 30 Years Of Failed Promises.. Howard Fineman\u0027s Preview.. LIVE UPDATES","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 26 2010 2011 2012 31,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 26 2010 2011 2012DEC JAN FEB262010 2011 201231,359 captures 22 Apr 05 - 2 Sep 16@ nancypelosi : I thank @GOPLeader for his #SOTU offer, but I invited my friend Rep. Bartlett from MD yesterday \u0026 am pleased he accepted","article":""},"timeStamp":20110126022314,"articleSource":"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/"}
