{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2003 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News - News Resources","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC FEB MAR 15 2002 2003 2004 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC FEB MAR 15 2002 2003 2004DEC FEB MAR152002 2003 200420,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16News BETA   Web   Images   Groups   Directory   News  News BETA  Web   Images   Groups   Directory   News  Search and browse 4,000 continuously updated news sources.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health Text Version About Google News    Top Stories Auto-generated 15 Feb at 12:53 GMT   BBC Powell Calls for U.N. to Act on Iraq and Meets Deep Resistance New York Times - 6 hours ago UNITED NATIONS, Feb. 14 ? The chief United Nations weapons inspectors today reported some progress in Iraq, and Secretary of State Colin L. Powell faced deep resistance to his call for a Security Council decision to authorize ... Report complicates US stand Boston Globe Iraq has `chance\u0027 for peace: Graham Toronto Star Financial Times (subscription) - Calgary Sun - Washington Post - BBC - and 1501 related » CBC News Colombian assassination plot foiled Guardian - 11 hours ago Suspected rebels planned to assassinate President Alvaro Uribe with a huge bomb this weekend, but instead detonated it yesterday after police found out about the plot, killing 15 people and wounding dozens, authorities said. Rebels Kill American, Colombian Near Plane Yahoo News Bomb Intended For Uribe Kills 15 in Police Raid Washington Post Newsday - Boston Globe - Japan Today - Miami Herald - and 162 related »     Some Major Airlines Add $10 to Fares to Cover Fuel Costs Yahoo News - and 68 related » Dolly the sheep is put to sleep, aged only six Guardian - and 273 related » Australia bowls India out for lowest score 125 FOX Sports - and 25 related » The Virginia Woolf of \u0027The Hours\u0027 Angers the Real One\u0027s Fans New York Times - and 12 related » Taste\u0027s bitter experience BBC - and 8 related » In the News   Buick Invitational   Symbionese Liberation    Army   Pope John Paul   An Unfinished Life   American Idol   Dennis Erickson   Saddam Hussein   South African   Jungle Book 2   North Carolina\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories Auto-generated 15 Feb at 12:53 GMT  BBC Powell Calls for U.N. to Act on Iraq and Meets Deep Resistance New York Times - 6 hours ago UNITED NATIONS, Feb. 14 ? The chief United Nations weapons inspectors today reported some progress in Iraq, and Secretary of State Colin L. Powell faced deep resistance to his call for a Security Council decision to authorize ... Report complicates US stand Boston Globe Iraq has `chance\u0027 for peace: Graham Toronto Star Financial Times (subscription) - Calgary Sun - Washington Post - BBC - and 1501 related » CBC News Colombian assassination plot foiled Guardian - 11 hours ago Suspected rebels planned to assassinate President Alvaro Uribe with a huge bomb this weekend, but instead detonated it yesterday after police found out about the plot, killing 15 people and wounding dozens, authorities said. Rebels Kill American, Colombian Near Plane Yahoo News Bomb Intended For Uribe Kills 15 in Police Raid Washington Post Newsday - Boston Globe - Japan Today - Miami Herald - and 162 related »     Some Major Airlines Add $10 to Fares to Cover Fuel Costs Yahoo News - and 68 related » Dolly the sheep is put to sleep, aged only six Guardian - and 273 related » Australia bowls India out for lowest score 125 FOX Sports - and 25 related » The Virginia Woolf of \u0027The Hours\u0027 Angers the Real One\u0027s Fans New York Times - and 12 related » Taste\u0027s bitter experience BBC - and 8 related » In the News   Buick Invitational   Symbionese Liberation    Army   Pope John Paul   An Unfinished Life   American Idol   Dennis Erickson   Saddam Hussein   South African   Jungle Book 2   North CarolinaBBCCBC NewsSome Major Airlines Add $10 to Fares to Cover Fuel Costs Yahoo News - and 68 related » Dolly the sheep is put to sleep, aged only six Guardian - and 273 related » Australia bowls India out for lowest score 125 FOX Sports - and 25 related » The Virginia Woolf of \u0027The Hours\u0027 Angers the Real One\u0027s Fans New York Times - and 12 related » Taste\u0027s bitter experience BBC - and 8 related »In the News  Buick Invitational   Symbionese Liberation    Army   Pope John Paul   An Unfinished Life   American Idol   Dennis Erickson   Saddam Hussein   South African   Jungle Book 2   North Carolina  World » CNN Europe Global protest against war CNN Europe - 5 hours ago Hundreds of thousands of protesters set to turn out on the global day of protest. Millions of people around the world are rallying today to say no to war, and New Zealand is the first country to send this message. Australia, NZ Start Day of Global Anti-War Protests Yahoo News Anti-War Protesters Pour Into Streets of Australia, New Zealand Voice of America Canada.com - News24 - Femail - Newark Star Ledger - and 37 related » CNN Asia Israelis doubt Arafat s move to appoint prime minister Daily Star - 6 hours ago Palestinian President Yasser Arafat agreed Friday to appoint a prime minister, yielding to US and European pressure for reform of his Palestinian Authority. Meanwhile, thousands of Palestinians demonstrated in the Gaza Strip Jabalya refugee ... Arafat to Appoint Prime Minister Newsday Arafat meets key US demand Gulf News Ha\u0027aretz - Salt Lake Tribune - Hartford Courant - Gulf Daily News - and 278 related » CNN Iraqis march in support of Saddam CNN - 2 hours ago Dancing to drums and tambourines, tens of thousands of Iraqis -- many of them armed with Kalashnikovs -- demonstrated across the country Saturday to support President Saddam Hussein and denounce the United States. Saddam bans production, import of prohibited arms Gulf News Prohibited weapons banned London Free Press Gulf Daily News - People\u0027s Daily Online - International Herald Tribune - Guardian - and 231 related »        U.S. » CNN President Seeks to Assuage Fears Washington Post - 9 hours ago President Bush and Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge set out to calm an uneasy American public yesterday, saying that the government is doing all it can to protect the country from a terrorist attack. Ridge Tells Public Not to Panic Salt Lake Tribune Ridge urges vigilance, warns against panic Boston Globe Newsday - Kansas City Star - Yahoo News - Orange County Register - and 131 related » CNN Jury Gives 20-Year Term in Murder of Husband New York Times - 6 hours ago HOUSTON, Feb. 14 A jury sentenced Dr. Clara Harris to 20 years in prison today for attacking and killing her husband with her car in a hotel parking lot near where they were wed 11 years ago on St. Valentine\u0027s Day. Dr. Juror says evidence, not emotion, yielded sentence Houston Chronicle Woman Gets 20 Years for Killing Husband With Car Salt Lake Tribune Anchorage Daily News - Washington Post - CNN - KCBD-TV - and 766 related » BBC SLA members sent to prison San Francisco Chronicle - 2 hours ago In an emotional one-hour court session, four aging members of the radical Symbionese Liberation Army were sentenced Friday to state prison for six to eight years for the murder of a Sacramento housewife during a bank robbery in 1975. 4 SLA Members Get 6-8 Year Prison Terms Newsday Four SLA Members Get 6 to 8 Years in 1975 Slaying, Bank Robbery Washington Post Los Angeles Daily News - San Diego Union Tribune - KRON4.com - Voice of America - and 199 related » World »CNN Europe Global protest against war CNN Europe - 5 hours ago Hundreds of thousands of protesters set to turn out on the global day of protest. Millions of people around the world are rallying today to say no to war, and New Zealand is the first country to send this message. Australia, NZ Start Day of Global Anti-War Protests Yahoo News Anti-War Protesters Pour Into Streets of Australia, New Zealand Voice of America Canada.com - News24 - Femail - Newark Star Ledger - and 37 related » CNN Asia Israelis doubt Arafat s move to appoint prime minister Daily Star - 6 hours ago Palestinian President Yasser Arafat agreed Friday to appoint a prime minister, yielding to US and European pressure for reform of his Palestinian Authority. Meanwhile, thousands of Palestinians demonstrated in the Gaza Strip Jabalya refugee ... Arafat to Appoint Prime Minister Newsday Arafat meets key US demand Gulf News Ha\u0027aretz - Salt Lake Tribune - Hartford Courant - Gulf Daily News - and 278 related » CNN Iraqis march in support of Saddam CNN - 2 hours ago Dancing to drums and tambourines, tens of thousands of Iraqis -- many of them armed with Kalashnikovs -- demonstrated across the country Saturday to support President Saddam Hussein and denounce the United States. Saddam bans production, import of prohibited arms Gulf News Prohibited weapons banned London Free Press Gulf Daily News - People\u0027s Daily Online - International Herald Tribune - Guardian - and 231 related »CNN EuropeCNN AsiaCNN U.S. »CNN President Seeks to Assuage Fears Washington Post - 9 hours ago President Bush and Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge set out to calm an uneasy American public yesterday, saying that the government is doing all it can to protect the country from a terrorist attack. Ridge Tells Public Not to Panic Salt Lake Tribune Ridge urges vigilance, warns against panic Boston Globe Newsday - Kansas City Star - Yahoo News - Orange County Register - and 131 related » CNN Jury Gives 20-Year Term in Murder of Husband New York Times - 6 hours ago HOUSTON, Feb. 14 A jury sentenced Dr. Clara Harris to 20 years in prison today for attacking and killing her husband with her car in a hotel parking lot near where they were wed 11 years ago on St. Valentine\u0027s Day. Dr. Juror says evidence, not emotion, yielded sentence Houston Chronicle Woman Gets 20 Years for Killing Husband With Car Salt Lake Tribune Anchorage Daily News - Washington Post - CNN - KCBD-TV - and 766 related » BBC SLA members sent to prison San Francisco Chronicle - 2 hours ago In an emotional one-hour court session, four aging members of the radical Symbionese Liberation Army were sentenced Friday to state prison for six to eight years for the murder of a Sacramento housewife during a bank robbery in 1975. 4 SLA Members Get 6-8 Year Prison Terms Newsday Four SLA Members Get 6 to 8 Years in 1975 Slaying, Bank Robbery Washington Post Los Angeles Daily News - San Diego Union Tribune - KRON4.com - Voice of America - and 199 related »CNNCNNBBC Business » Some Major Airlines Add $10 to Fares to Cover Fuel Costs Yahoo News - 2 hours ago Continental Airlines Inc. (CAL) said Friday it would immediately raise all domestic and international airfares by $10 each way to offset escalating fuel prices. Three airlines raise fares by $10 each way San Jose Mercury News Oil price fuels $20 hike in air fares Miami Herald New York Times - St. Louis Dispatch - Newark Star Ledger - Dallas Business Journal - and 68 related » Channel News Asia Japanese farmers rally against slashing tariffs Star - 8 hours ago Thousands of Japanese farmers rallied Saturday to stop ministers huddled at a World Trade Organization meeting in Tokyo from approving a proposal to slash tariffs. WTO ministers meet in Tokyo eTaiwan News Ministers begin food fight ahead of WTO meetings Taipei Times Channel News Asia - Japan Today - Bernama - Gulf Daily News - and 208 related » Fortune Greenspan takes star turn in theatre of the absurd Toronto Star - 5 hours ago \"NYC attorney, MIT grad, Catholic, 64. Dark brown hair, seeks educated, conservative woman. Loves the city, Poconos, and hates ... FED WATCH: Cracks Appearing In Fed-White House Detente Yahoo News Who Would Succeed Alan Greenspan? Fortune Pittsburgh Post Gazette - CNN - TheStreet.com - HumanEventsOnline.com - and 318 related »        Sci/Tech » Salt Lake Tribune Dolly the sheep is put to sleep, aged only six Guardian - 7 hours ago She was a copy. And, like most copies, she faded a little bit quicker than the original. Dolly the sheep, the world\u0027s first animal to be cloned from an adult cell, has been put to sleep, it was announced yesterday. Dolly the sheep put down after growing old too soon The Scotsman Dolly, First Cloned Sheep, Euthanized Salt Lake Tribune San Francisco Chronicle - Newsday - icWales - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 273 related » BBC Ariane-4 blasts into history BBC - 45 minutes ago The final mission for Europe\u0027s Ariane-4 series of rockets has been successfully carried out, with the placing in orbit of a communications satellite on Saturday. Last Ariane-4 rocket successfully launches Intelsat satellite SpaceDaily Arianespace Flight 159: Mission Accomplished! 23rd launch for Intelsat Yahoo News Space.com - Spaceflight Now - Cosmiverse - New Scientist - and 14 related » BBC FBI Warns Of Cyberthreats As Tensions Climb Information Week - 5 hours ago The bureau\u0027s cybersecurity arm says the crisis with Iraq and increased problems with North Korea may trigger cyberattacks on US networks. Homeland infrastructure protection merging FCW.com FBI warns against patriotic cyber attacks Internet Magazine GCN.com - The Register - Boston Globe - The Trucker - and 111 related » Business »Some Major Airlines Add $10 to Fares to Cover Fuel Costs Yahoo News - 2 hours ago Continental Airlines Inc. (CAL) said Friday it would immediately raise all domestic and international airfares by $10 each way to offset escalating fuel prices. Three airlines raise fares by $10 each way San Jose Mercury News Oil price fuels $20 hike in air fares Miami Herald New York Times - St. Louis Dispatch - Newark Star Ledger - Dallas Business Journal - and 68 related » Channel News Asia Japanese farmers rally against slashing tariffs Star - 8 hours ago Thousands of Japanese farmers rallied Saturday to stop ministers huddled at a World Trade Organization meeting in Tokyo from approving a proposal to slash tariffs. WTO ministers meet in Tokyo eTaiwan News Ministers begin food fight ahead of WTO meetings Taipei Times Channel News Asia - Japan Today - Bernama - Gulf Daily News - and 208 related » Fortune Greenspan takes star turn in theatre of the absurd Toronto Star - 5 hours ago \"NYC attorney, MIT grad, Catholic, 64. Dark brown hair, seeks educated, conservative woman. Loves the city, Poconos, and hates ... FED WATCH: Cracks Appearing In Fed-White House Detente Yahoo News Who Would Succeed Alan Greenspan? Fortune Pittsburgh Post Gazette - CNN - TheStreet.com - HumanEventsOnline.com - and 318 related »Channel News AsiaFortune Sci/Tech »Salt Lake Tribune Dolly the sheep is put to sleep, aged only six Guardian - 7 hours ago She was a copy. And, like most copies, she faded a little bit quicker than the original. Dolly the sheep, the world\u0027s first animal to be cloned from an adult cell, has been put to sleep, it was announced yesterday. Dolly the sheep put down after growing old too soon The Scotsman Dolly, First Cloned Sheep, Euthanized Salt Lake Tribune San Francisco Chronicle - Newsday - icWales - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 273 related » BBC Ariane-4 blasts into history BBC - 45 minutes ago The final mission for Europe\u0027s Ariane-4 series of rockets has been successfully carried out, with the placing in orbit of a communications satellite on Saturday. Last Ariane-4 rocket successfully launches Intelsat satellite SpaceDaily Arianespace Flight 159: Mission Accomplished! 23rd launch for Intelsat Yahoo News Space.com - Spaceflight Now - Cosmiverse - New Scientist - and 14 related » BBC FBI Warns Of Cyberthreats As Tensions Climb Information Week - 5 hours ago The bureau\u0027s cybersecurity arm says the crisis with Iraq and increased problems with North Korea may trigger cyberattacks on US networks. Homeland infrastructure protection merging FCW.com FBI warns against patriotic cyber attacks Internet Magazine GCN.com - The Register - Boston Globe - The Trucker - and 111 related »Salt Lake TribuneBBCBBC Sports » ABC Regional Online Australia bowls India out for lowest score 125 FOX Sports - 1 hour ago Defending champion Australia appeared on course for its second World Cup victory on Saturday after restricting India to a paltry 125 all out, its lowest total in the competition. India collapse against Australia The Hindu Australian bowlers rout Indian top order ABC Online ABC Regional Online - New Zealand Herald - Ananova - Sunday Times - and 25 related » Sydney Morning Herald Els on course for yet another win Independent Online - 2 hours ago Perth, Australia - Ernie Els established a European Tour 54-hole record when he finished nine strokes clear of his nearest rival on the third day of the Johnnie Walker Classic on Saturday. Els sets Europeans PGA record for low 54 holes ESPN Big Easy rolling towards victory The Age FOX Sports - Toronto Star - USA Today - Ananova - and 295 related » Stuff.co.nz Coutts sets record as Alinghi goes 1-0 up in America\u0027s Cup FOX Sports - 5 hours ago New Zealander Russell Coutts set a record for consecutive wins in America\u0027s Cup races when he skippered Alinghi to victory in the first race of the 31st Cup match Saturday. New Zealand knocked out of Cup opener San Jose Mercury News Alinghi gifted first race after Team NZ strike trouble Stuff.co.nz Washington Post - Sports Network - BBC - Xtra News - and 276 related »        Entertainment » Guardian The Virginia Woolf of \u0027The Hours\u0027 Angers the Real One\u0027s Fans New York Times - 4 hours ago THE imitation of Virginia Woolf\u0027s writing was presumptuous. The obsession with her suicide irritating. The absence of her politics vexing. And the Nose? Don\u0027t get them started on the Nose. \"Ugh,\" huffed Jane Marcus, an English professor ... Who\u0027s afraid of rewriting Woolf? Guardian Entertainment News New Zealand Herald Sydney Morning Herald - Coventry News - Financial Times (subscription) - Sky News - and 12 related » Atlanta Journal Constitution ABC Retools \u0027Meredith Willson\u0027s The Music Man\u0027 Washington Post - 7 hours ago News about the television industry, reviews of shows and more can be found on our Television page. See what\u0027s on TV today, tomorrow or next week with the TV Grid. When Craig Zadan and Neil Meron say they are going to turn an old movie... Kansas City Star Younger, but still \u0027Music\u0027 to your ears Palm Beach Post Atlanta Journal Constitution - Rocky Mountain News - Washington Times - Henderson Gleaner - and 35 related » Launch Yahoo Jackson Releases Rebuttal Via Video Clip Launch Yahoo - 25 minutes ago Michael Jackson has released a video clip in the UK that he says proves that he was treated unfairly by British celebrity journalist Martin Bashir, the creator of Living With Michael Jackson. The clip ... FOX\u0027s Jackson Footage Shot by Porn Director Zap2it.com Michael Jackson Ready To Give The Real Story Chart Attack IrishExaminer.com - Centre Daily Times - MTV - Gwinnett Daily Post - and 105 related » Sports »ABC Regional Online Australia bowls India out for lowest score 125 FOX Sports - 1 hour ago Defending champion Australia appeared on course for its second World Cup victory on Saturday after restricting India to a paltry 125 all out, its lowest total in the competition. India collapse against Australia The Hindu Australian bowlers rout Indian top order ABC Online ABC Regional Online - New Zealand Herald - Ananova - Sunday Times - and 25 related » Sydney Morning Herald Els on course for yet another win Independent Online - 2 hours ago Perth, Australia - Ernie Els established a European Tour 54-hole record when he finished nine strokes clear of his nearest rival on the third day of the Johnnie Walker Classic on Saturday. Els sets Europeans PGA record for low 54 holes ESPN Big Easy rolling towards victory The Age FOX Sports - Toronto Star - USA Today - Ananova - and 295 related » Stuff.co.nz Coutts sets record as Alinghi goes 1-0 up in America\u0027s Cup FOX Sports - 5 hours ago New Zealander Russell Coutts set a record for consecutive wins in America\u0027s Cup races when he skippered Alinghi to victory in the first race of the 31st Cup match Saturday. New Zealand knocked out of Cup opener San Jose Mercury News Alinghi gifted first race after Team NZ strike trouble Stuff.co.nz Washington Post - Sports Network - BBC - Xtra News - and 276 related »ABC Regional OnlineSydney Morning HeraldStuff.co.nz Entertainment »Guardian The Virginia Woolf of \u0027The Hours\u0027 Angers the Real One\u0027s Fans New York Times - 4 hours ago THE imitation of Virginia Woolf\u0027s writing was presumptuous. The obsession with her suicide irritating. The absence of her politics vexing. And the Nose? Don\u0027t get them started on the Nose. \"Ugh,\" huffed Jane Marcus, an English professor ... Who\u0027s afraid of rewriting Woolf? Guardian Entertainment News New Zealand Herald Sydney Morning Herald - Coventry News - Financial Times (subscription) - Sky News - and 12 related » Atlanta Journal Constitution ABC Retools \u0027Meredith Willson\u0027s The Music Man\u0027 Washington Post - 7 hours ago News about the television industry, reviews of shows and more can be found on our Television page. See what\u0027s on TV today, tomorrow or next week with the TV Grid. When Craig Zadan and Neil Meron say they are going to turn an old movie... Kansas City Star Younger, but still \u0027Music\u0027 to your ears Palm Beach Post Atlanta Journal Constitution - Rocky Mountain News - Washington Times - Henderson Gleaner - and 35 related » Launch Yahoo Jackson Releases Rebuttal Via Video Clip Launch Yahoo - 25 minutes ago Michael Jackson has released a video clip in the UK that he says proves that he was treated unfairly by British celebrity journalist Martin Bashir, the creator of Living With Michael Jackson. The clip ... FOX\u0027s Jackson Footage Shot by Porn Director Zap2it.com Michael Jackson Ready To Give The Real Story Chart Attack IrishExaminer.com - Centre Daily Times - MTV - Gwinnett Daily Post - and 105 related »GuardianAtlanta Journal ConstitutionLaunch Yahoo Health » Taste\u0027s bitter experience BBC - 8 hours ago Your taste buds not only determine which foods you go for but they also affect - by definition - your chances of developing some diseases. Sense of taste linked to some diseases United Press International Why we are what we eat: New links between our biology and food choices EurekAlert Denver Rocky Mountain News - Reuters - and 8 related » Water pill efficacy questioned Canada.com - 22 hours ago New research appears to contradict a widely publicized study that concluded that cheap, old-fashioned diuretics should be the first drug given to people with high blood pressure. Which Blood Pressure Drug Is Best? ABC News Study: Water Pills Not Always Best Newsday San Gabriel Valley Tribune - Heart Center Online - WRAL - KABC - and 58 related » UN Regional Information Africa Do Not Let Fixation With War Derail Fight Against Aids in Africa, UN Envoy Pleads AllAfrica.com - 21 hours ago It would be an \"unspeakable humanitarian tragedy\" if the rumour of war, or an actual war, in Iraq subverts the struggle against AIDS in Africa, a United Nations envoy warned today. UN Says Must Tackle AIDS to Help African Food Need Yahoo News To Save Africa, We Must Save Africa\u0027s Women Malawi Here ABC Online - UN Regional Information Africa - and 11 related »        More Top Stories Spaceflight Now Flight director recalls catastrophe Houston Chronicle - 7 hours ago After eight suspense-filled minutes, flight director LeRoy Cain rubbed his eyes and face, then privately acknowledged the worst. Board Focuses on Breach in Shuttle Skin Newsday Hole in Shuttle Skin Is Focus of Probe Salt Lake Tribune San Francisco Chronicle - Minneapolis Star Tribune - New York Times - Galveston County Daily News - and 279 related » The Nation S.Koreans stage anti-war rally United Press International - 20 minutes ago SEOUL, South Korea, Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Thousands of civic activists and students staged rallies across South Korea Saturday to protest the United States\u0027 threatened attack on Iraq. South Koreans protest against war The Age N. Korean negotiators use odd tactics Washington Times The Nation - and 4 related » Iraqi Minister, Visiting Pope, Warns Europe That a War Would Be Seen as Anti-Muslim New York Times - 6 hours ago ROME, Feb. 14 The Iraqi deputy prime minister, Tariq Aziz, warned European countries today not to join or support an American-led military strike against his country, saying that it would be seen as a crusade against Muslims and have bitter consequences. Pope holds meeting with Iraqi minister Boston Globe Pope urges Baghdad to respect UN resolutions Daily Star Deutsche Welle - CNN Asia - Guardian - BBC - and 206 related » Health »Taste\u0027s bitter experience BBC - 8 hours ago Your taste buds not only determine which foods you go for but they also affect - by definition - your chances of developing some diseases. Sense of taste linked to some diseases United Press International Why we are what we eat: New links between our biology and food choices EurekAlert Denver Rocky Mountain News - Reuters - and 8 related » Water pill efficacy questioned Canada.com - 22 hours ago New research appears to contradict a widely publicized study that concluded that cheap, old-fashioned diuretics should be the first drug given to people with high blood pressure. Which Blood Pressure Drug Is Best? ABC News Study: Water Pills Not Always Best Newsday San Gabriel Valley Tribune - Heart Center Online - WRAL - KABC - and 58 related » UN Regional Information Africa Do Not Let Fixation With War Derail Fight Against Aids in Africa, UN Envoy Pleads AllAfrica.com - 21 hours ago It would be an \"unspeakable humanitarian tragedy\" if the rumour of war, or an actual war, in Iraq subverts the struggle against AIDS in Africa, a United Nations envoy warned today. UN Says Must Tackle AIDS to Help African Food Need Yahoo News To Save Africa, We Must Save Africa\u0027s Women Malawi Here ABC Online - UN Regional Information Africa - and 11 related »UN Regional Information Africa More Top StoriesSpaceflight Now Flight director recalls catastrophe Houston Chronicle - 7 hours ago After eight suspense-filled minutes, flight director LeRoy Cain rubbed his eyes and face, then privately acknowledged the worst. Board Focuses on Breach in Shuttle Skin Newsday Hole in Shuttle Skin Is Focus of Probe Salt Lake Tribune San Francisco Chronicle - Minneapolis Star Tribune - New York Times - Galveston County Daily News - and 279 related » The Nation S.Koreans stage anti-war rally United Press International - 20 minutes ago SEOUL, South Korea, Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Thousands of civic activists and students staged rallies across South Korea Saturday to protest the United States\u0027 threatened attack on Iraq. South Koreans protest against war The Age N. Korean negotiators use odd tactics Washington Times The Nation - and 4 related » Iraqi Minister, Visiting Pope, Warns Europe That a War Would Be Seen as Anti-Muslim New York Times - 6 hours ago ROME, Feb. 14 The Iraqi deputy prime minister, Tariq Aziz, warned European countries today not to join or support an American-led military strike against his country, saying that it would be seen as a crusade against Muslims and have bitter consequences. Pope holds meeting with Iraqi minister Boston Globe Pope urges Baghdad to respect UN resolutions Daily Star Deutsche Welle - CNN Asia - Guardian - BBC - and 206 related »Spaceflight NowThe Nation©2003 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News - News Resources","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":2,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":54,"second":15},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
