{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2003 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL SEP OCT 26 2002 2003 2004 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL SEP OCT 26 2002 2003 2004JUL SEP OCT262002 2003 200420,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16† Web † Images † Groups † Directory † News † †Advanced†Search† Web † Images † Groups † Directory † News † †Advanced†SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop†Stories † †World † †U.S. † †Business † †Sci/Tech † †Sports † †Entertainment † †Health News†Alerts Text Version About Google News † †Top†Stories † The OlympianPowerful Earthquake Jolts Japan Voice of America†- 1†hour†ago A powerful earthquake jolted Japan\u0027s northernmost island of Hokkaido Friday, forcing thousands to evacuate their homes. Local media reports say more than 300 people were injured. Strong quake shakes northern Japan The†Olympian Massive quake hits Japan Mail†\u0026†Guardian Boston Globe†- Guardian†- swissinfo†- EastDay.com†- and†387†related†ª Canada.comMortar Shell Hits Crowded Market Near Baghdad Voice of America†- 25†minutes†ago A mortar shell has hit a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad, killing eight civilians and wounding at least 18 others. The source of the shell is not known, but the US Army says it did not come from coalition forces. The incident happened as the ... Nine die in mortar attack as UN announces cutbacks KPLC-TV Anger Control in Baghdad Washington†Post Guardian†- Canada.com†- Channel News Asia†- Sky News†- and†1005†related†ª † † Reed favors new NYSE reforms CNN - and†356†related†ª Company disowns author of critical Microsoft report InfoWorld - and†120†related†ª NATIONAL LEAGUE: Astros pull into NL Central tie Salt Lake Tribune - and†546†related†ª British Singer Robert Palmer Dies in Paris-Reports Reuters - and†94†related†ª UN Africa AIDS Boss Asks G7 for Special Drugs Deal Reuters - and†38†related†ª In the News †Air Force †Gray Davis †Rosh Hashana †Guantanamo Bay †House and Senate †Cold Spring †South Carolina †Patriot Act †Kansas City †North America\u003eTop†Stories† †World† †U.S.† †Business† †Sci/Tech† †Sports† †Entertainment† †Health†Top†Stories †The OlympianPowerful Earthquake Jolts Japan Voice of America†- 1†hour†ago A powerful earthquake jolted Japan\u0027s northernmost island of Hokkaido Friday, forcing thousands to evacuate their homes. Local media reports say more than 300 people were injured. Strong quake shakes northern Japan The†Olympian Massive quake hits Japan Mail†\u0026†Guardian Boston Globe†- Guardian†- swissinfo†- EastDay.com†- and†387†related†ª Canada.comMortar Shell Hits Crowded Market Near Baghdad Voice of America†- 25†minutes†ago A mortar shell has hit a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad, killing eight civilians and wounding at least 18 others. The source of the shell is not known, but the US Army says it did not come from coalition forces. The incident happened as the ... Nine die in mortar attack as UN announces cutbacks KPLC-TV Anger Control in Baghdad Washington†Post Guardian†- Canada.com†- Channel News Asia†- Sky News†- and†1005†related†ª † † Reed favors new NYSE reforms CNN - and†356†related†ª Company disowns author of critical Microsoft report InfoWorld - and†120†related†ª NATIONAL LEAGUE: Astros pull into NL Central tie Salt Lake Tribune - and†546†related†ª British Singer Robert Palmer Dies in Paris-Reports Reuters - and†94†related†ª UN Africa AIDS Boss Asks G7 for Special Drugs Deal Reuters - and†38†related†ª In the News †Air Force †Gray Davis †Rosh Hashana †Guantanamo Bay †House and Senate †Cold Spring †South Carolina †Patriot Act †Kansas City †North AmericaThe OlympianCanada.comReed favors new NYSE reforms CNN - and†356†related†ª Company disowns author of critical Microsoft report InfoWorld - and†120†related†ª NATIONAL LEAGUE: Astros pull into NL Central tie Salt Lake Tribune - and†546†related†ª British Singer Robert Palmer Dies in Paris-Reports Reuters - and†94†related†ª UN Africa AIDS Boss Asks G7 for Special Drugs Deal Reuters - and†38†related†ªIn the News†Air Force †Gray Davis †Rosh Hashana †Guantanamo Bay †House and Senate †Cold Spring †South Carolina †Patriot Act †Kansas City †North America††World††ª ABC NewsUranium find raises new questions on Iran\u0027s nuclear program Charleston Post Courier†- 20†minutes†ago VIENNA, AUSTRIAÛU.N. atomic experts have found traces of weapons-grade uranium at a second site in Iran, diplomats said Thursday. President Bush said talks with world leaders this week produced wide agreement that Iran must not be allowed to have a ... Isotope found in Iran at second site The†Star UN Nuclear Inspectors Delay Trip as Iran Prepares Reuters FOX News†- New York Times†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- Washington Post†- and†290†related†ª BBC NewsHurriyat backs Musharraf suggestion for ceasefire The Hindu†- 15†minutes†ago Srinagar, Sept. 26. (PTI): The Hurriyat Conference today supported Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf\u0027s suggestion for a ceasefire along the Line of Control in Kashmir and appealed to India to respond positively. Hurriyat backs suggestion for ceasefire Sify Musharraf seeks Canada\u0027s help to resume talks Indian†Express Rediff†- Toronto Star†- BBC News†- Hindustan Times†- and†256†related†ª Financial TimesBruised BBC faces change after hard-fought inquiry MSNBC†- 40†minutes†ago The British broadcaster, lauded around the world for its gold-standard reporting, has spent the summer defending its reputation in a high-profile investigation into the death of a weapons expert. Insiders say it will not survive untouched. Hoon basks in AJT glory Rediff Jowell in shock government attack Guardian News24†- Boston Globe†- Belfast Telegraph†- Washington Post†- and†451†related†ª ††††† †U.S.††ª CNN/SIR Minus 10 The Weekly Standard†- 50†minutes†ago TEN MORE DAYS, then recall mercifully comes to a vote. Here are some items to consider over the weekend, while the candidates hopscotch California. As Linda Richman would say, \"talk amongst yourselves.\" ... As foes squabble, Davis might come out ahead The†Desert†Sun Editorial: Awnowd vs. Ahreeawnah The†Capital†Times San Jose Mercury News†- Marin Independent-Journal†- CNN/SI†- San Francisco Chronicle†- and†1309†related†ª US Prosecutors Ask for Dismissal of Moussaoui Case Voice of America†- 2†hours†ago US prosecutors are urging dismissal of the court case against suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui, so they can appeal against his right to question fellow al-Qaida prisoners. Government to drop charges against al-Qaida figure Cleveland†Plain†Dealer Moussaoui case dismissal urged; would benefit US Arizona†Republic New York Times†- USA Today†- Guardian†- Washington Times†- and†254†related†ª CNNBush is criticized on Medicare effort Boston Globe†- 4†hours†ago WASHINGTON -- President Bush says he wants Congress to deliver prescription drug coverage for older Americans. And a national energy policy. And limits on medical malpractice awards. In GOP, Concern Over Iraq Price Tag Washington†Post Biden: Lack of Iraq plan concerns lawmakers CNN Charlotte Observer†- San Jose Mercury News†- New York Times†- Financial Times†- and†537†related†ª†World††ªABC NewsUranium find raises new questions on Iran\u0027s nuclear program Charleston Post Courier†- 20†minutes†ago VIENNA, AUSTRIAÛU.N. atomic experts have found traces of weapons-grade uranium at a second site in Iran, diplomats said Thursday. President Bush said talks with world leaders this week produced wide agreement that Iran must not be allowed to have a ... Isotope found in Iran at second site The†Star UN Nuclear Inspectors Delay Trip as Iran Prepares Reuters FOX News†- New York Times†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- Washington Post†- and†290†related†ª BBC NewsHurriyat backs Musharraf suggestion for ceasefire The Hindu†- 15†minutes†ago Srinagar, Sept. 26. (PTI): The Hurriyat Conference today supported Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf\u0027s suggestion for a ceasefire along the Line of Control in Kashmir and appealed to India to respond positively. Hurriyat backs suggestion for ceasefire Sify Musharraf seeks Canada\u0027s help to resume talks Indian†Express Rediff†- Toronto Star†- BBC News†- Hindustan Times†- and†256†related†ª Financial TimesBruised BBC faces change after hard-fought inquiry MSNBC†- 40†minutes†ago The British broadcaster, lauded around the world for its gold-standard reporting, has spent the summer defending its reputation in a high-profile investigation into the death of a weapons expert. Insiders say it will not survive untouched. Hoon basks in AJT glory Rediff Jowell in shock government attack Guardian News24†- Boston Globe†- Belfast Telegraph†- Washington Post†- and†451†related†ªABC NewsBBC NewsFinancial Times†U.S.††ªCNN/SIR Minus 10 The Weekly Standard†- 50†minutes†ago TEN MORE DAYS, then recall mercifully comes to a vote. Here are some items to consider over the weekend, while the candidates hopscotch California. As Linda Richman would say, \"talk amongst yourselves.\" ... As foes squabble, Davis might come out ahead The†Desert†Sun Editorial: Awnowd vs. Ahreeawnah The†Capital†Times San Jose Mercury News†- Marin Independent-Journal†- CNN/SI†- San Francisco Chronicle†- and†1309†related†ª US Prosecutors Ask for Dismissal of Moussaoui Case Voice of America†- 2†hours†ago US prosecutors are urging dismissal of the court case against suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui, so they can appeal against his right to question fellow al-Qaida prisoners. Government to drop charges against al-Qaida figure Cleveland†Plain†Dealer Moussaoui case dismissal urged; would benefit US Arizona†Republic New York Times†- USA Today†- Guardian†- Washington Times†- and†254†related†ª CNNBush is criticized on Medicare effort Boston Globe†- 4†hours†ago WASHINGTON -- President Bush says he wants Congress to deliver prescription drug coverage for older Americans. And a national energy policy. And limits on medical malpractice awards. In GOP, Concern Over Iraq Price Tag Washington†Post Biden: Lack of Iraq plan concerns lawmakers CNN Charlotte Observer†- San Jose Mercury News†- New York Times†- Financial Times†- and†537†related†ªCNN/SICNN†Business††ª Financial TimesReed favors new NYSE reforms CNN†- 2†hours†ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Stock Exchange\u0027s interim chairman, John Reed, has put aside a board committee\u0027s report on revamping NYSE governance to instead initiate a wide review to produce more radical changes, according to a published report ... Second high-level resignation on NYSE Business†World Politician resigns from NYSE board San†Jose†Mercury†News Newsday†- Washington Post†- New York Times†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- and†356†related†ª Radio NetherlandsOPEC Puts the Brakes on Further Output Cuts Quicken†- 8†hours†ago VIENNA -- A day after OPEC trimmed its production targets to avert an expected oversupply in world oil markets, the cartel\u0027s president said it isn\u0027t willing to make further cuts without the cooperation of non-OPEC producers, even if this should bring on a ... US says oil prices should be set by market forces Forbes Oil prices still moving higher CNN Xinhua†- Washington Post†- The Star†- FOX News†- and†164†related†ª BBC NewsAnother Court Rules Against FTC\u0027s \u0027 Do Not Call \u0027 List Smart Money†- 10†minutes†ago WASHINGTON -- Dealing a critical blow to the Federal Trade Commission\u0027s popular \"do not call\" registry, a second federal court blocked the program, saying it violates telemarketers\u0027 free-speech rights under the Constitution. Do Not Call list gets blocked ...again MSNBC Second judge rules against federal \u0027do not call\u0027 registry San†Francisco†Chronicle Fairbanks Daily News-Miner†- San Jose Mercury News†- Washington Post†- New York Times†- and†333†related†ª ††††† †Sci/Tech††ª CNN/MoneyCompany disowns author of critical Microsoft report InfoWorld†- 1†hour†ago Security vendor @stake Inc. has dissociated itself from a report critical of Microsoft Corp.\u0027s OS dominance, and says that the report\u0027s instigator, former @stake Chief Technical Officer Dan Geer has left the company ... Microsoft Critic Forced Out Washington†Post AtStake CTO loses job after Microsoft report Forbes Seattle Times†- BusinessWeek†- Ars Technica†- New York Times†- and†120†related†ª Nature.comResearchers finish rough draft of genetic structure of canines Charleston Post Courier†- 20†minutes†ago WASHINGTONÛMan\u0027s best friend, in this case a male poodle, is genetically more similar to humans than is the mouse, according to researchers who have completed the first rough draft sequence of the genes of a dog. Humans, dogs share genes News24 Lead Researcher\u0027s Pet Project Newsday New York Times†- Baltimore Sun†- Telegraph.co.uk†- Biomedcentral.com†- and†63†related†ª The FeatureDate Posted: 4:54am Subject: Nintendo Teams Up With Motorola To Make Wireless Adapter Ve3d.com†- 40†minutes†ago Nintendo has enlisted the help of Motorola to create a wireless adapter for the GameBoy Advance. The as-of-yet un-priced adapter will allow 5 players to compete against each other in a small area. GameBoy Goes Wireless The†Feature Nintendo to Offer Wireless Playing on Gameboy Reuters Wired News†- The Register†- Slashdot†- Cnet Asia†- and†13†related†ª†Business††ªFinancial TimesReed favors new NYSE reforms CNN†- 2†hours†ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Stock Exchange\u0027s interim chairman, John Reed, has put aside a board committee\u0027s report on revamping NYSE governance to instead initiate a wide review to produce more radical changes, according to a published report ... Second high-level resignation on NYSE Business†World Politician resigns from NYSE board San†Jose†Mercury†News Newsday†- Washington Post†- New York Times†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- and†356†related†ª Radio NetherlandsOPEC Puts the Brakes on Further Output Cuts Quicken†- 8†hours†ago VIENNA -- A day after OPEC trimmed its production targets to avert an expected oversupply in world oil markets, the cartel\u0027s president said it isn\u0027t willing to make further cuts without the cooperation of non-OPEC producers, even if this should bring on a ... US says oil prices should be set by market forces Forbes Oil prices still moving higher CNN Xinhua†- Washington Post†- The Star†- FOX News†- and†164†related†ª BBC NewsAnother Court Rules Against FTC\u0027s \u0027 Do Not Call \u0027 List Smart Money†- 10†minutes†ago WASHINGTON -- Dealing a critical blow to the Federal Trade Commission\u0027s popular \"do not call\" registry, a second federal court blocked the program, saying it violates telemarketers\u0027 free-speech rights under the Constitution. Do Not Call list gets blocked ...again MSNBC Second judge rules against federal \u0027do not call\u0027 registry San†Francisco†Chronicle Fairbanks Daily News-Miner†- San Jose Mercury News†- Washington Post†- New York Times†- and†333†related†ªFinancial TimesRadio NetherlandsBBC News†Sci/Tech††ªCNN/MoneyCompany disowns author of critical Microsoft report InfoWorld†- 1†hour†ago Security vendor @stake Inc. has dissociated itself from a report critical of Microsoft Corp.\u0027s OS dominance, and says that the report\u0027s instigator, former @stake Chief Technical Officer Dan Geer has left the company ... Microsoft Critic Forced Out Washington†Post AtStake CTO loses job after Microsoft report Forbes Seattle Times†- BusinessWeek†- Ars Technica†- New York Times†- and†120†related†ª Nature.comResearchers finish rough draft of genetic structure of canines Charleston Post Courier†- 20†minutes†ago WASHINGTONÛMan\u0027s best friend, in this case a male poodle, is genetically more similar to humans than is the mouse, according to researchers who have completed the first rough draft sequence of the genes of a dog. Humans, dogs share genes News24 Lead Researcher\u0027s Pet Project Newsday New York Times†- Baltimore Sun†- Telegraph.co.uk†- Biomedcentral.com†- and†63†related†ª The FeatureDate Posted: 4:54am Subject: Nintendo Teams Up With Motorola To Make Wireless Adapter Ve3d.com†- 40†minutes†ago Nintendo has enlisted the help of Motorola to create a wireless adapter for the GameBoy Advance. The as-of-yet un-priced adapter will allow 5 players to compete against each other in a small area. GameBoy Goes Wireless The†Feature Nintendo to Offer Wireless Playing on Gameboy Reuters Wired News†- The Register†- Slashdot†- Cnet Asia†- and†13†related†ªCNN/MoneyNature.comThe Feature†Sports††ª Seattle TimesNATIONAL LEAGUE: Astros pull into NL Central tie Salt Lake Tribune†- 2†hours†ago HOUSTON -- The Cincinnati Reds got almost as many cheers as the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park. The fans had plenty reason to get rowdy at what was happening on the field as Morgan Ensberg hit two home runs and the Astros moved into a tie for the NL ... Ensberg hits two homers to lift Astros into NL Central tie WTEV Knot again? Yes Chicago†Daily†Southtown Kane County Chronicle†- Boston Globe†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- Chicago Daily Herald†- and†546†related†ª KOMOGarciaparra lights it up Boston Globe†- 2†hours†ago With a bottle of champagne in his right hand and a cigar in his left, Nomar Garciaparra stood a few paces from the dugout and watched his teammates celebrate. They jumped up and down on the pitcher\u0027s mound, ... Boston snares playoff berth York†Daily†Record It\u0027s All Over For The Mariners - - Again KOMO San Jose Mercury News†- WBAL Channel.com†- New York Times†- San Francisco Chronicle†- and†449†related†ª Indianapolis StarSchumacher\u0027s 6th title could happen at Indy Arizona Republic†- 3†hours†ago Michael Schumacher, who already has scaled one seemingly insurmountable Formula One mountain, is on the verge of reaching the summit of a second one. Schumacher has F-1 edge Indianapolis†Star Schumi likes anonymity in US ESPN Living Abroad Magazine†- Miami Herald†- Sify†- Independent Online†- and†211†related†ª ††††† †Entertainment††ª GuardianBritish Singer Robert Palmer Dies in Paris-Reports Reuters†- 5†minutes†ago PARIS (Reuters) - British rock singer Robert Palmer died on Friday in Paris of a heart attack at the age of 54, French media said. Robert Palmer dies due to Heart Attack at age 54 Curlio.com Robert Palmer dies aged 54 Guardian Canada.com†- WIS†- Miami Herald†- WGRZ-TV†- and†94†related†ª USA TodayAbstinence advised for Coupling\u0027 MSNBC†- 20†hours†ago THE COMPARISON TO Friends is inevitable. NBC\u0027s long-running hit sitcom, in its final season (barring a miracle), clearly seems the inspiration for this libidinous romp even though, officially, it is based on a British comedy by the ... \u0027Coupling\u0027: Give it the royal kiss-off USA†Today Two Nations Split by a Sense of Humor New†York†Times San Diego Union Tribune†- Seattle Post Intelligencer†- Reuters†- Mid Columbia Tri City Herald†- and†45†related†ª USA TodayDiane Lane dazzles in Tuscan Sun\u0027 The Desert Sun†- 40†minutes†ago Diane Lane shines brighter than the title character in \"Under the Tuscan Sun,\" Audrey Wells\u0027delightful film interpretation of the best-selling book. Lane\u0027s vibrant performance is as vital to this amusing saga as a bottle of good Chianti is to a ... Tuscan treat: Diane Lane stars in delectable romantic fantasy Santa†Cruz†Sentinel Her Italian job San†Bernardino†Sun Local6.com†- USA Today†- Visalia Times-Delta†- Salon (subscription)†- and†85†related†ª†Sports††ªSeattle TimesNATIONAL LEAGUE: Astros pull into NL Central tie Salt Lake Tribune†- 2†hours†ago HOUSTON -- The Cincinnati Reds got almost as many cheers as the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park. The fans had plenty reason to get rowdy at what was happening on the field as Morgan Ensberg hit two home runs and the Astros moved into a tie for the NL ... Ensberg hits two homers to lift Astros into NL Central tie WTEV Knot again? Yes Chicago†Daily†Southtown Kane County Chronicle†- Boston Globe†- Fort Worth Star Telegram†- Chicago Daily Herald†- and†546†related†ª KOMOGarciaparra lights it up Boston Globe†- 2†hours†ago With a bottle of champagne in his right hand and a cigar in his left, Nomar Garciaparra stood a few paces from the dugout and watched his teammates celebrate. They jumped up and down on the pitcher\u0027s mound, ... Boston snares playoff berth York†Daily†Record It\u0027s All Over For The Mariners - - Again KOMO San Jose Mercury News†- WBAL Channel.com†- New York Times†- San Francisco Chronicle†- and†449†related†ª Indianapolis StarSchumacher\u0027s 6th title could happen at Indy Arizona Republic†- 3†hours†ago Michael Schumacher, who already has scaled one seemingly insurmountable Formula One mountain, is on the verge of reaching the summit of a second one. Schumacher has F-1 edge Indianapolis†Star Schumi likes anonymity in US ESPN Living Abroad Magazine†- Miami Herald†- Sify†- Independent Online†- and†211†related†ªSeattle TimesKOMOIndianapolis Star†Entertainment††ªGuardianBritish Singer Robert Palmer Dies in Paris-Reports Reuters†- 5†minutes†ago PARIS (Reuters) - British rock singer Robert Palmer died on Friday in Paris of a heart attack at the age of 54, French media said. Robert Palmer dies due to Heart Attack at age 54 Curlio.com Robert Palmer dies aged 54 Guardian Canada.com†- WIS†- Miami Herald†- WGRZ-TV†- and†94†related†ª USA TodayAbstinence advised for Coupling\u0027 MSNBC†- 20†hours†ago THE COMPARISON TO Friends is inevitable. NBC\u0027s long-running hit sitcom, in its final season (barring a miracle), clearly seems the inspiration for this libidinous romp even though, officially, it is based on a British comedy by the ... \u0027Coupling\u0027: Give it the royal kiss-off USA†Today Two Nations Split by a Sense of Humor New†York†Times San Diego Union Tribune†- Seattle Post Intelligencer†- Reuters†- Mid Columbia Tri City Herald†- and†45†related†ª USA TodayDiane Lane dazzles in Tuscan Sun\u0027 The Desert Sun†- 40†minutes†ago Diane Lane shines brighter than the title character in \"Under the Tuscan Sun,\" Audrey Wells\u0027delightful film interpretation of the best-selling book. Lane\u0027s vibrant performance is as vital to this amusing saga as a bottle of good Chianti is to a ... Tuscan treat: Diane Lane stars in delectable romantic fantasy Santa†Cruz†Sentinel Her Italian job San†Bernardino†Sun Local6.com†- USA Today†- Visalia Times-Delta†- Salon (subscription)†- and†85†related†ªGuardianUSA TodayUSA Today†Health††ª UN Africa AIDS Boss Asks G7 for Special Drugs Deal Reuters†- 21†hours†ago NAIROBI (Reuters) - The UN\u0027s top AIDS expert in Africa urged rich countries Thursday to adopt a new strategy and save millions of lives by allowing a drug maker in any one of them to export cheap anti-AIDS drugs to the continent. Drug makers should join fight against AIDS The†Globe†and†Mail Governments Asked to Recognise Traditional Medicine in HIV/Aids AllAfrica.com Daily Nation†- Xinhua†- Economist (subscription)†- Hindustan Times†- and†38†related†ª Bush Prods Lawmakers to Step Up Pace of Medicare Talks New York Times†- 10†hours†ago WASHINGTON, Sept. 25 President Bush intervened in talks on a Medicare drug bill today, trying to galvanize negotiations that have been slowed by deep disagreements between Republicans from the House and those from the Senate. Bush prods Hill conference to complete Medicare bill Washington†Times Bush says deficit should not deter $400 billion Medicare drug program San†Francisco†Chronicle The Casper Star Tribune†- Yahoo News†- Heartland, School Reform News†- Hamilton Ravalli Republic†- and†55†related†ª Ottawa, provinces agree to national health council Toronto Star†- 14†hours†ago OTTAWA - The federal government and the provinces have agreed to the creation of a 27-member national health council, a key source said today. Use of medical imaging shows big increase The†Globe†and†Mail Study raises concerns about CT scans on healthy people Canada.com Edmonton Sun†- London Free Press†- Toronto Sun†- CTV†- and†20†related†ª ††††† †More†Top†Stories Financial TimesNew Suu Kyi house arrest not insignificant -Jakarta MSNBC†- 5†minutes†ago Before undergoing surgery in a hospital in Yangon, Suu Kyi was detained by Myanmar\u0027s military junta in a secret location after a bloody clash between her followers and government supporters on May 30. Burma\u0027s Suu Kyi returning to house arrest Financial†Times Suu Kyi heads for house arrest swissinfo Voice of America†- Xinhua†- RTE Interactive†- ABC Online†- and†133†related†ª CNNPowell Calls for New Iraq Constitution Within 6 Months Voice of America†- 2†hours†ago US Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United States intends to set a six-month deadline for Iraqis to produce a new constitution for their country. United States gives 6 month deadline for new Iraqi constitution swissinfo Powell\u0027s UN power lunch pays off Edmonton†Sun CNN†- Radio Free Europe†- Channel News Asia†- Radio Australia†- and†130†related†ª BBC NewsGovernance - Prodi rejects responsibility in Eurostat fraud case EurActiv†- 5†hours†ago Commission President Romano Prodi has rejected calls for resignations of members of his Commission over fraud in the EU\u0027s statistics agency Eurostat. Press worried by Eurostat affair BBC†News Action needed Cape†Times Guardian†- Financial Times†- Forbes†- Voice of America†- and†125†related†ª†Health††ªUN Africa AIDS Boss Asks G7 for Special Drugs Deal Reuters†- 21†hours†ago NAIROBI (Reuters) - The UN\u0027s top AIDS expert in Africa urged rich countries Thursday to adopt a new strategy and save millions of lives by allowing a drug maker in any one of them to export cheap anti-AIDS drugs to the continent. Drug makers should join fight against AIDS The†Globe†and†Mail Governments Asked to Recognise Traditional Medicine in HIV/Aids AllAfrica.com Daily Nation†- Xinhua†- Economist (subscription)†- Hindustan Times†- and†38†related†ª Bush Prods Lawmakers to Step Up Pace of Medicare Talks New York Times†- 10†hours†ago WASHINGTON, Sept. 25 President Bush intervened in talks on a Medicare drug bill today, trying to galvanize negotiations that have been slowed by deep disagreements between Republicans from the House and those from the Senate. Bush prods Hill conference to complete Medicare bill Washington†Times Bush says deficit should not deter $400 billion Medicare drug program San†Francisco†Chronicle The Casper Star Tribune†- Yahoo News†- Heartland, School Reform News†- Hamilton Ravalli Republic†- and†55†related†ª Ottawa, provinces agree to national health council Toronto Star†- 14†hours†ago OTTAWA - The federal government and the provinces have agreed to the creation of a 27-member national health council, a key source said today. Use of medical imaging shows big increase The†Globe†and†Mail Study raises concerns about CT scans on healthy people Canada.com Edmonton Sun†- London Free Press†- Toronto Sun†- CTV†- and†20†related†ª†More†Top†StoriesFinancial TimesNew Suu Kyi house arrest not insignificant -Jakarta MSNBC†- 5†minutes†ago Before undergoing surgery in a hospital in Yangon, Suu Kyi was detained by Myanmar\u0027s military junta in a secret location after a bloody clash between her followers and government supporters on May 30. Burma\u0027s Suu Kyi returning to house arrest Financial†Times Suu Kyi heads for house arrest swissinfo Voice of America†- Xinhua†- RTE Interactive†- ABC Online†- and†133†related†ª CNNPowell Calls for New Iraq Constitution Within 6 Months Voice of America†- 2†hours†ago US Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United States intends to set a six-month deadline for Iraqis to produce a new constitution for their country. United States gives 6 month deadline for new Iraqi constitution swissinfo Powell\u0027s UN power lunch pays off Edmonton†Sun CNN†- Radio Free Europe†- Channel News Asia†- Radio Australia†- and†130†related†ª BBC NewsGovernance - Prodi rejects responsibility in Eurostat fraud case EurActiv†- 5†hours†ago Commission President Romano Prodi has rejected calls for resignations of members of his Commission over fraud in the EU\u0027s statistics agency Eurostat. Press worried by Eurostat affair BBC†News Action needed Cape†Times Guardian†- Financial Times†- Forbes†- Voice of America†- and†125†related†ªFinancial TimesCNNBBC News©2003 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":28,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":20,"second":22},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
