{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 18 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 18 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP182003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   Radio Free EuropeMortar Fire Heard in Najaf After Peace Mission Stalls, AFP Says Bloomberg - 20 minutes ago Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Mortar fire and gunshots were heard in Najaf a day after an Iraqi delegation failed to meet Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on a peace mission aimed at ending an uprising by the cleric\u0027s militia, Agence France-Presse said. Najaf Unrest Extends Iraqi Conference in Baghdad NPR (audio) Iraq\u0027s Najaf Tense After Cleric Snubs Peace Envoys Reuters Radio Free Europe - Boston Globe - Newsday - Seattle Times - and 2188 related » ABC NewsIsrael OK\u0027s new West Bank housing Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago JERUSALEM -- Israel issued tenders for construction of 1,001 new housing units in West Bank settlements yesterday, in what some observers viewed as an attempt by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to pacify ... Five Palestinians Killed in Israeli Attack ABC News Israel to expand 4 settlements Newsday International Herald Tribune - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Myrtle Beach Sun News - New York Times - and 398 related »     No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork ABC News - and 747 related » Music fans sound off Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 263 related » Greek duo quit Olympics Guardian - and 759 related » Jackson Lawyer Scrutinizes Psychologist ABC News - and 906 related » Drugs and therapy aid depressed kids, study says Seattle Times - and 96 related » In the News  Europe and Asia  John Kerry  Scott Peterson  James McGreevey  Santa Barbara  Alien vs. Predator  Golan Cipel  Northern California  Michael Jackson  Hugo Chávez\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  Radio Free EuropeMortar Fire Heard in Najaf After Peace Mission Stalls, AFP Says Bloomberg - 20 minutes ago Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Mortar fire and gunshots were heard in Najaf a day after an Iraqi delegation failed to meet Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on a peace mission aimed at ending an uprising by the cleric\u0027s militia, Agence France-Presse said. Najaf Unrest Extends Iraqi Conference in Baghdad NPR (audio) Iraq\u0027s Najaf Tense After Cleric Snubs Peace Envoys Reuters Radio Free Europe - Boston Globe - Newsday - Seattle Times - and 2188 related » ABC NewsIsrael OK\u0027s new West Bank housing Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago JERUSALEM -- Israel issued tenders for construction of 1,001 new housing units in West Bank settlements yesterday, in what some observers viewed as an attempt by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to pacify ... Five Palestinians Killed in Israeli Attack ABC News Israel to expand 4 settlements Newsday International Herald Tribune - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Myrtle Beach Sun News - New York Times - and 398 related »     No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork ABC News - and 747 related » Music fans sound off Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 263 related » Greek duo quit Olympics Guardian - and 759 related » Jackson Lawyer Scrutinizes Psychologist ABC News - and 906 related » Drugs and therapy aid depressed kids, study says Seattle Times - and 96 related » In the News  Europe and Asia  John Kerry  Scott Peterson  James McGreevey  Santa Barbara  Alien vs. Predator  Golan Cipel  Northern California  Michael Jackson  Hugo ChávezRadio Free EuropeABC NewsNo SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork ABC News - and 747 related » Music fans sound off Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 263 related » Greek duo quit Olympics Guardian - and 759 related » Jackson Lawyer Scrutinizes Psychologist ABC News - and 906 related » Drugs and therapy aid depressed kids, study says Seattle Times - and 96 related »In the News Europe and Asia  John Kerry  Scott Peterson  James McGreevey  Santa Barbara  Alien vs. Predator  Golan Cipel  Northern California  Michael Jackson  Hugo Chávez  World  » Seattle Post IntelligencerBritish Terror Suspects to Appear in Court Reuters - 1 hour ago LONDON (Reuters) - Eight British terror suspects charged with conspiracy to commit murder in a plot linked to security alerts at financial targets in New York, New Jersey and Washington make their first appearance in court on Wednesday. Eight terror suspects face British charges Seattle Post Intelligencer UK police charge 8 in toxic gas terror plot Toronto Star Los Angeles Daily News - News-Leader.com - Richmond Times Dispatch - Times of India - and 429 related » Sky NewsBomb Found in Italy After Blair\u0027s Berlusconi Visit Reuters - 5 minutes ago ROME (Reuters) - Italian police said on Wednesday they had defused a bomb near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, hours after a visit by British Premier Tony Blair. Blair and Berlusconi stayed at the villa Sky News Bombs Found on Blair Island The Scotsman Bloomberg - Guardian - Telegraph.co.uk - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 79 related » ABC NewsWarring Afghan Factions Say Cease-fire Holding Reuters - 55 minutes ago HERAT (Reuters) - A renegade Afghan militia commander and a spokesman for the governor of the western province of Herat said on Wednesday their forces were honoring a cease-fire brokered a day earlier by the US envoy to Afghanistan. US-brokered truce pauses Afghan factional fighting Hindustan Times US halts pre-poll Afghan violence Guardian San Diego Union Tribune - International Herald Tribune - ABC News - Bloomberg - and 251 related »        U.S.  » CNNAid begins flowing to hurricane victims The Globe and Mail - 10 minutes ago Punta Gorda, Fla. -- US federal assistance started flowing to hurricane Charley\u0027s victims, and postal workers handed out mail outside their damaged building yesterday, but hundreds of thousands of Floridians remained without telephones, running water and ... Snowbirds anxious about damage to Florida homes Toronto Star Answer for Cement Scarcity Los Angeles Times (subscription) Washington Post - New York Times - Tampa Tribune - Houston Chronicle - and 2186 related » IrishExaminer.com (subscription)Huge population growth forecast for poorer nations The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago Washington -- Developing countries will grow about 14 times as fast as rich, industrialized countries between now and 2050, the Population Reference Bureau projected yesterday. Poor nations\u0027 birth boom to rewrite lists Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) Industrialized nations face sharp population declines Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) USA Today - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Rediff - Stuart News - and 177 related » ABC NewsSound strategy for shifting troops Indianapolis Star - 5 hours ago Our position is: The president\u0027s plan to shift troops from Europe recognizes the reality that threats against the nation have changed. Troop Maneuvers Detroit Free Press NYT Slams US Troop Withdrawals from Korea Chosun Ilbo Boston Globe - Evansville Courier \u0026 Press - Christian Science Monitor - Knoxville News Sentinel - and 772 related » World  »Seattle Post IntelligencerBritish Terror Suspects to Appear in Court Reuters - 1 hour ago LONDON (Reuters) - Eight British terror suspects charged with conspiracy to commit murder in a plot linked to security alerts at financial targets in New York, New Jersey and Washington make their first appearance in court on Wednesday. Eight terror suspects face British charges Seattle Post Intelligencer UK police charge 8 in toxic gas terror plot Toronto Star Los Angeles Daily News - News-Leader.com - Richmond Times Dispatch - Times of India - and 429 related » Sky NewsBomb Found in Italy After Blair\u0027s Berlusconi Visit Reuters - 5 minutes ago ROME (Reuters) - Italian police said on Wednesday they had defused a bomb near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, hours after a visit by British Premier Tony Blair. Blair and Berlusconi stayed at the villa Sky News Bombs Found on Blair Island The Scotsman Bloomberg - Guardian - Telegraph.co.uk - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 79 related » ABC NewsWarring Afghan Factions Say Cease-fire Holding Reuters - 55 minutes ago HERAT (Reuters) - A renegade Afghan militia commander and a spokesman for the governor of the western province of Herat said on Wednesday their forces were honoring a cease-fire brokered a day earlier by the US envoy to Afghanistan. US-brokered truce pauses Afghan factional fighting Hindustan Times US halts pre-poll Afghan violence Guardian San Diego Union Tribune - International Herald Tribune - ABC News - Bloomberg - and 251 related »Seattle Post IntelligencerSky NewsABC News U.S.  »CNNAid begins flowing to hurricane victims The Globe and Mail - 10 minutes ago Punta Gorda, Fla. -- US federal assistance started flowing to hurricane Charley\u0027s victims, and postal workers handed out mail outside their damaged building yesterday, but hundreds of thousands of Floridians remained without telephones, running water and ... Snowbirds anxious about damage to Florida homes Toronto Star Answer for Cement Scarcity Los Angeles Times (subscription) Washington Post - New York Times - Tampa Tribune - Houston Chronicle - and 2186 related » IrishExaminer.com (subscription)Huge population growth forecast for poorer nations The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago Washington -- Developing countries will grow about 14 times as fast as rich, industrialized countries between now and 2050, the Population Reference Bureau projected yesterday. Poor nations\u0027 birth boom to rewrite lists Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) Industrialized nations face sharp population declines Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) USA Today - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Rediff - Stuart News - and 177 related » ABC NewsSound strategy for shifting troops Indianapolis Star - 5 hours ago Our position is: The president\u0027s plan to shift troops from Europe recognizes the reality that threats against the nation have changed. Troop Maneuvers Detroit Free Press NYT Slams US Troop Withdrawals from Korea Chosun Ilbo Boston Globe - Evansville Courier \u0026 Press - Christian Science Monitor - Knoxville News Sentinel - and 772 related »CNNIrishExaminer.com (subscription)ABC News Business  » ABC NewsNo SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork ABC News - 25 minutes ago SAN JOSE, Calif. Aug. 18, 2004 Google Inc.\u0027s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission didn\u0027t approve the Internet search giant\u0027s regulatory paperwork as requested. SEC delays giving its okay New York Daily News Google still waiting for SEC approval ZDNet.co.uk Business World - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - The Globe and Mail - and 747 related » CNN InternationalOil Prices Remain Near All-Time High San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - 20 minutes ago SINGAPORE - Crude oil prices stayed close to their record high of $46.95 per barrel on Wednesday as concerns continued over petroleum supply from Iraq and Russia. Crude oil prices hit $46.75, a record Kansas City Star (subscription) Why Hugo Chavez Won a Landslide Victory AlterNet Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Toronto Star - Forbes - CNN International - and 588 related » Cheaper gas lowers price index Boston Globe - 1 hour ago Falling gasoline prices in July helped push consumer prices lower for the first time in eight months, indicating that the recent surge in inflation is subsiding. Boise-area cost of living rises IdahoStatesman.com Consumer Price Index Dips 0.1% on Fuel Costs Los Angeles Times (subscription) The Globe and Mail - BusinessWeek - Independent - CFO.com Magazine - and 333 related »        Sci/Tech  » MacNewsWorldMusic fans sound off Seattle Post Intelligencer - 1 hour ago RealNetworks Inc. urged digital-music lovers yesterday to stand up for their freedom of choice. They responded by exercising their freedom of speech -- much to the company\u0027s chagrin. IPod Compatibility Lands Real in Trouble with Apple MacNewsWorld RealNetworks drops music-download price Xinhua Information Week - Motley Fool - Forbes - Halifax Live - and 263 related » eChannelLineMicrosoft lifts the lid on SP2 The Inquirer - 2 hours ago SOFTWARE FIRM Microsoft has revealed how many fixes and updates are under the bonnet of its megapatch Windows XP Service Pack 2. Windows XP Security Update Delayed Forbes Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Stanford Report CRN - Information Week - eChannelLine - Xinhua - and 281 related » USA TodayCassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 New Moons Around Saturn Voice of America - 15 hours ago The US Space Agency\u0027s Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons around Saturn - bringing the planet\u0027s count to 33. NASA said Monday the images of the two, small moons were taken June 1. Two new Saturn satellites may be big discoveries USA Today Cassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 More Moons Around Saturn TruthNews.com San Francisco Chronicle - Washington Times - NewsFactor Network - Reuters - and 154 related » Business  »ABC NewsNo SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork ABC News - 25 minutes ago SAN JOSE, Calif. Aug. 18, 2004 Google Inc.\u0027s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission didn\u0027t approve the Internet search giant\u0027s regulatory paperwork as requested. SEC delays giving its okay New York Daily News Google still waiting for SEC approval ZDNet.co.uk Business World - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - The Globe and Mail - and 747 related » CNN InternationalOil Prices Remain Near All-Time High San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - 20 minutes ago SINGAPORE - Crude oil prices stayed close to their record high of $46.95 per barrel on Wednesday as concerns continued over petroleum supply from Iraq and Russia. Crude oil prices hit $46.75, a record Kansas City Star (subscription) Why Hugo Chavez Won a Landslide Victory AlterNet Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Toronto Star - Forbes - CNN International - and 588 related » Cheaper gas lowers price index Boston Globe - 1 hour ago Falling gasoline prices in July helped push consumer prices lower for the first time in eight months, indicating that the recent surge in inflation is subsiding. Boise-area cost of living rises IdahoStatesman.com Consumer Price Index Dips 0.1% on Fuel Costs Los Angeles Times (subscription) The Globe and Mail - BusinessWeek - Independent - CFO.com Magazine - and 333 related »ABC NewsCNN International Sci/Tech  »MacNewsWorldMusic fans sound off Seattle Post Intelligencer - 1 hour ago RealNetworks Inc. urged digital-music lovers yesterday to stand up for their freedom of choice. They responded by exercising their freedom of speech -- much to the company\u0027s chagrin. IPod Compatibility Lands Real in Trouble with Apple MacNewsWorld RealNetworks drops music-download price Xinhua Information Week - Motley Fool - Forbes - Halifax Live - and 263 related » eChannelLineMicrosoft lifts the lid on SP2 The Inquirer - 2 hours ago SOFTWARE FIRM Microsoft has revealed how many fixes and updates are under the bonnet of its megapatch Windows XP Service Pack 2. Windows XP Security Update Delayed Forbes Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Stanford Report CRN - Information Week - eChannelLine - Xinhua - and 281 related » USA TodayCassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 New Moons Around Saturn Voice of America - 15 hours ago The US Space Agency\u0027s Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons around Saturn - bringing the planet\u0027s count to 33. NASA said Monday the images of the two, small moons were taken June 1. Two new Saturn satellites may be big discoveries USA Today Cassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 More Moons Around Saturn TruthNews.com San Francisco Chronicle - Washington Times - NewsFactor Network - Reuters - and 154 related »MacNewsWorldeChannelLineUSA Today Sports  » ReutersGreek duo quit Olympics Guardian - 15 minutes ago The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games. Finish line looming for elusive Greek pair The Globe and Mail Greek sprinters quit Athens Games Reuters Telegraph.co.uk - The Age - Ireland Online - News24 (subscription) - and 759 related » Indianapolis StarKeller leads relay upset of Aussies Arizona Republic - 15 minutes ago ATHENS - Klete Keller says he likes to run with the bulls. Talks a little bull, too. But he doesn\u0027t kid around in the water. Phelps Wins Two Golds; Medal Count at Five NPR (audio) Short takes Newsday Seattle Times - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - Boston Herald - and 1475 related » Cincinnati EnquirerBittersweet end for gymnasts Arizona Republic - 15 minutes ago ATHENS - There was room for one error - maybe two - in the Olympic women\u0027s gymnastics final, but not three. US twists \u0026 turns for worse New York Daily News Success comes in all colors Cincinnati Enquirer Hampton Roads Daily Press - Long Beach Press-Telegram - Rocky Mountain News - Boston Globe - and 536 related »        Entertainment  » ABC NewsJackson Lawyer Scrutinizes Psychologist ABC News - 5 hours ago SANTA MARIA, Calif. Aug. 17, 2004 The psychologist who notified police of a 12-year-old boy\u0027s claims of being molested by pop singer Michael Jackson had patients on both sides of the case, a defense lawyer indicated in court Tuesday. Jackson Attorney Fined $1,000 for His Relentless Questioning Los Angeles Times (subscription) Jackson attorney fined by judge CNN Reuters - BBC News - San Diego Union Tribune - Melbourne Herald Sun - and 906 related » New York PostOprah gets jury duty, causes stir Canton Repository (subscription) - 15 minutes ago CHICAGO In the hallowed halls of the Cook County Criminal Courthouse, crowds of television cameramen and reporters were clamoring for a comment not from a defendant, but from a juror. Oprah Is in the Courthouse to Do Civic Duty as a Juror Los Angeles Times (subscription) Oprah gets jury duty Detroit Free Press Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Boston Herald - Arizona Republic - Guardian - and 362 related » USA TodayAt the Movies: Cloying \u0027Princess Diaries 2\u0027 is for undemanding tots, teens Marco Island Eagle - 4 hours ago Unabashedly sweet and fluffy, and geared to the prepubescent audiences who\u0027ll be responsible for recouping its budget, The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement has its moments. Fright Club Takes Top Spot at Box Office Reuters \u0027AVP\u0027: A knockout USA Today CNN - Guardian - San Francisco Chronicle - Hollywood Reporter - and 302 related » Sports  »ReutersGreek duo quit Olympics Guardian - 15 minutes ago The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games. Finish line looming for elusive Greek pair The Globe and Mail Greek sprinters quit Athens Games Reuters Telegraph.co.uk - The Age - Ireland Online - News24 (subscription) - and 759 related » Indianapolis StarKeller leads relay upset of Aussies Arizona Republic - 15 minutes ago ATHENS - Klete Keller says he likes to run with the bulls. Talks a little bull, too. But he doesn\u0027t kid around in the water. Phelps Wins Two Golds; Medal Count at Five NPR (audio) Short takes Newsday Seattle Times - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - Boston Herald - and 1475 related » Cincinnati EnquirerBittersweet end for gymnasts Arizona Republic - 15 minutes ago ATHENS - There was room for one error - maybe two - in the Olympic women\u0027s gymnastics final, but not three. US twists \u0026 turns for worse New York Daily News Success comes in all colors Cincinnati Enquirer Hampton Roads Daily Press - Long Beach Press-Telegram - Rocky Mountain News - Boston Globe - and 536 related »ReutersIndianapolis StarCincinnati Enquirer Entertainment  »ABC NewsJackson Lawyer Scrutinizes Psychologist ABC News - 5 hours ago SANTA MARIA, Calif. Aug. 17, 2004 The psychologist who notified police of a 12-year-old boy\u0027s claims of being molested by pop singer Michael Jackson had patients on both sides of the case, a defense lawyer indicated in court Tuesday. Jackson Attorney Fined $1,000 for His Relentless Questioning Los Angeles Times (subscription) Jackson attorney fined by judge CNN Reuters - BBC News - San Diego Union Tribune - Melbourne Herald Sun - and 906 related » New York PostOprah gets jury duty, causes stir Canton Repository (subscription) - 15 minutes ago CHICAGO In the hallowed halls of the Cook County Criminal Courthouse, crowds of television cameramen and reporters were clamoring for a comment not from a defendant, but from a juror. Oprah Is in the Courthouse to Do Civic Duty as a Juror Los Angeles Times (subscription) Oprah gets jury duty Detroit Free Press Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Boston Herald - Arizona Republic - Guardian - and 362 related » USA TodayAt the Movies: Cloying \u0027Princess Diaries 2\u0027 is for undemanding tots, teens Marco Island Eagle - 4 hours ago Unabashedly sweet and fluffy, and geared to the prepubescent audiences who\u0027ll be responsible for recouping its budget, The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement has its moments. Fright Club Takes Top Spot at Box Office Reuters \u0027AVP\u0027: A knockout USA Today CNN - Guardian - San Francisco Chronicle - Hollywood Reporter - and 302 related »ABC NewsNew York PostUSA Today Health  » Drugs and therapy aid depressed kids, study says Seattle Times - 1 hour ago The best treatment for depressed adolescents is a combination of Prozac and talk therapy, although the antidepressant carries a risk that some patients might harm themselves or others, concluded a study released yesterday. Gauging Risks, Benefits of Prozac in Teens NPR (audio) Study: Prozac, therapy help depressed kids Indianapolis Star Forbes - Health Talk - Yahoo News - Newsday - and 96 related » Winnipeg Sun$1B plan to end doctor shortage Toronto Star - 50 minutes ago Canada needs to invest $1 billion over the next five years to reverse its serious shortage of doctors and ensure there will be enough health-care providers in future to reduce long waiting lists plaguing hospitals, the Canadian Medical Association says. Doctor crisis looming National Post (subscription) Medicare\u0027s politics and the CMA\u0027s poll The Globe and Mail Montreal Gazette - Canada.com - Calgary Sun - Winnipeg Sun - and 102 related » Stress test may conceal early heart disease Xinhua - 20 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A new study shows that stress tests may miss over half the cases of early heart disease. Stress Test May Miss Early Heart Disease - Study Reuters Stress Test Can Miss Heart Disease Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) WebMD - EurekAlert - Boston Globe - MSNBC - and 13 related »        More Top Stories ABC NewsSenators Pitch Changes to Intel Leadership ABC News - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON Aug. 18, 2004 Two influential Senate Republicans are putting forward competing proposals to change the intelligence community\u0027s leadership structure, despite words of caution from top Pentagon officials. Rumsfeld Mum on Sept. 11 Panel\u0027s Military Options NPR (audio) Rumsfeld stumps for cautious reform Seattle Times Boston Globe - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 395 related » CNNKey Evidence in Doubt in US Mosque Case -Paper Reuters - 2 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - US prosecutors acknowledged on Tuesday possible flaws in a key piece of evidence in their case against two leaders of an Albany, New York, mosque accused of supporting terrorism, The New York Times said on Wednesday. Possible error in case against mosque leaders Newsday Lawyer: Psychologist has deep ties to Jackson case Indianapolis Star Troy Record - Washington Post - New York Times - CNN - and 106 related » CNN InternationalChina bid to get NK talks on track CNN International - 2 hours ago BEIJING, China -- China is battling to keep the North Korea nuclear talks alive, saying it hopes the six nations involved would stay calm and flexible. Downer up-beat on North Korean nuclear talks ABC Online China appeals to North Korea to go ahead with nuclear talks USA Today Reuters - Radio Australia - SpaceDaily - Bloomberg - and 273 related » Health  »Drugs and therapy aid depressed kids, study says Seattle Times - 1 hour ago The best treatment for depressed adolescents is a combination of Prozac and talk therapy, although the antidepressant carries a risk that some patients might harm themselves or others, concluded a study released yesterday. Gauging Risks, Benefits of Prozac in Teens NPR (audio) Study: Prozac, therapy help depressed kids Indianapolis Star Forbes - Health Talk - Yahoo News - Newsday - and 96 related » Winnipeg Sun$1B plan to end doctor shortage Toronto Star - 50 minutes ago Canada needs to invest $1 billion over the next five years to reverse its serious shortage of doctors and ensure there will be enough health-care providers in future to reduce long waiting lists plaguing hospitals, the Canadian Medical Association says. Doctor crisis looming National Post (subscription) Medicare\u0027s politics and the CMA\u0027s poll The Globe and Mail Montreal Gazette - Canada.com - Calgary Sun - Winnipeg Sun - and 102 related » Stress test may conceal early heart disease Xinhua - 20 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A new study shows that stress tests may miss over half the cases of early heart disease. Stress Test May Miss Early Heart Disease - Study Reuters Stress Test Can Miss Heart Disease Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) WebMD - EurekAlert - Boston Globe - MSNBC - and 13 related »Winnipeg Sun More Top StoriesABC NewsSenators Pitch Changes to Intel Leadership ABC News - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON Aug. 18, 2004 Two influential Senate Republicans are putting forward competing proposals to change the intelligence community\u0027s leadership structure, despite words of caution from top Pentagon officials. Rumsfeld Mum on Sept. 11 Panel\u0027s Military Options NPR (audio) Rumsfeld stumps for cautious reform Seattle Times Boston Globe - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 395 related » CNNKey Evidence in Doubt in US Mosque Case -Paper Reuters - 2 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - US prosecutors acknowledged on Tuesday possible flaws in a key piece of evidence in their case against two leaders of an Albany, New York, mosque accused of supporting terrorism, The New York Times said on Wednesday. Possible error in case against mosque leaders Newsday Lawyer: Psychologist has deep ties to Jackson case Indianapolis Star Troy Record - Washington Post - New York Times - CNN - and 106 related » CNN InternationalChina bid to get NK talks on track CNN International - 2 hours ago BEIJING, China -- China is battling to keep the North Korea nuclear talks alive, saying it hopes the six nations involved would stay calm and flexible. Downer up-beat on North Korean nuclear talks ABC Online China appeals to North Korea to go ahead with nuclear talks USA Today Reuters - Radio Australia - SpaceDaily - Bloomberg - and 273 related »ABC NewsCNNCNN International©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":42,"second":20},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
