{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 16 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 16 2003 2004 2005OCT NOV DEC162003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     Jackson SunAnalyses on Powell\u0027s resignation Xinhua - 42 minutes ago The announcement of his resignation has, once again, pushed Colin Powell to the forefront of American politics. Let\u0027s look back on the four years gone by and hear from observers ... Rice likely pick as Powell\u0027s successor CNN/SI Great Promise, Muted Results Los Angeles Times (subscription) Seattle Times - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Canton Repository (subscription) - Denver Post - all 1,778 related » CTVUS to Probe Shooting of Wounded Iraqi Idaho State Journal - 58 minutes ago The US military is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner by a US Marine in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, a Marine spokesman said. Marine shoots a wounded man in Fallujah mosque-Video Al-Jazeera Shooting Could Be a War Crime Los Angeles Times (subscription) The Scotsman - The Times - New York Times - ABC News - all 468 related »     Conrad Black charged with fraud in US Business World - all 245 related » Flight of X-43 delayed Los Angeles Daily News - all 248 related » Sharapova tops wounded Williams Los Angeles Daily News - all 610 related » In life and in death, ODB was complicated Houston Chronicle - all 709 related » Britain bans junk food TV ads Food Ingredients First - all 125 related » In The News  Conrad Black  Serena Williams  Arlen Specter  Spencer Abraham  Masters Cup  Kurt Warner  Boris Johnson  DC United  Saddam Hussein  Tony Blair\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    Jackson SunAnalyses on Powell\u0027s resignation Xinhua - 42 minutes ago The announcement of his resignation has, once again, pushed Colin Powell to the forefront of American politics. Let\u0027s look back on the four years gone by and hear from observers ... Rice likely pick as Powell\u0027s successor CNN/SI Great Promise, Muted Results Los Angeles Times (subscription) Seattle Times - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Canton Repository (subscription) - Denver Post - all 1,778 related » CTVUS to Probe Shooting of Wounded Iraqi Idaho State Journal - 58 minutes ago The US military is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner by a US Marine in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, a Marine spokesman said. Marine shoots a wounded man in Fallujah mosque-Video Al-Jazeera Shooting Could Be a War Crime Los Angeles Times (subscription) The Scotsman - The Times - New York Times - ABC News - all 468 related »     Conrad Black charged with fraud in US Business World - all 245 related » Flight of X-43 delayed Los Angeles Daily News - all 248 related » Sharapova tops wounded Williams Los Angeles Daily News - all 610 related » In life and in death, ODB was complicated Houston Chronicle - all 709 related » Britain bans junk food TV ads Food Ingredients First - all 125 related » In The News  Conrad Black  Serena Williams  Arlen Specter  Spencer Abraham  Masters Cup  Kurt Warner  Boris Johnson  DC United  Saddam Hussein  Tony BlairJackson SunCTVConrad Black charged with fraud in US Business World - all 245 related » Flight of X-43 delayed Los Angeles Daily News - all 248 related » Sharapova tops wounded Williams Los Angeles Daily News - all 610 related » In life and in death, ODB was complicated Houston Chronicle - all 709 related » Britain bans junk food TV ads Food Ingredients First - all 125 related »In The News Conrad Black  Serena Williams  Arlen Specter  Spencer Abraham  Masters Cup  Kurt Warner  Boris Johnson  DC United  Saddam Hussein  Tony Blair  World  »     WVEC.com (subscription)Deal set on Iran\u0027s nuclear program Lexington Herald Leader - 1 hour ago France, Britain and Germany said yesterday that they had reached a formal agreement with Iran that commits the country to suspend production of enriched uranium that can be used to make nuclear bombs. Iran will let UN group inspect nuclear sites The Globe and Mail (subscription) UN Sees No New Nuclear Signs in Iran Los Angeles Times (subscription) Detroit Free Press - Khaleej Times - Washington Post - Boston Globe - all 1,196 related » News24UN Imposes Arms Embargo on Ivory Coast ABC News - 52 minutes ago A French soldier walks past signs at the nearly empty check-in area of the Abidjan, Ivory Coast, airport on Monday, Nov. 15, 2004. UN orders Ivory Coast arms ban CNN International UN slaps arms embargo on turbulent Ivory Coast Miami Herald (subscription) swissinfo - RTE Interactive - Winston-Salem Journal - New York Times - all 972 related » The Age (subscription)Tilt train future in question after Qld crash ABC Online - 42 minutes ago ELEANOR HALL: It was launched with great fanfare a decade ago, but today\u0027s accident has prompted concerns about the future of high speed tilt train in Australia and the capacity of the narrow tracks in Queensland to carry them. Train derails, miracle no-one dies The Age (subscription) Aussie train derails News24 ABC Asia Pacific - The Australian - Seattle Post Intelligencer - all 256 related »        U.S.  »     XinhuaExodus from the CIA\u0027s top ranks continues Seattle Post Intelligencer - 59 minutes ago The head of the CIA\u0027s clandestine service and his deputy both resigned their posts yesterday, effective immediately, becoming the most significant casualties of an effort by Porter ... Ugly CIA squabble boils over The Globe and Mail (subscription) Departures suggest turmoil at the CIA Kansas City Star (subscription) Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - New York Post - Washington Times - San Francisco Chronicle - all 548 related » XinhuaMan sets self afire at White House Washington Times - 2 hours ago A man set himself on fire and another jumped the fence in separate incidents on the north side of the White House yesterday afternoon. Man sets himself on fire outside White House USA Today Man sets self afire outside White House CNN International Kansas City Star (subscription) - 580 CFRA Radio - NBC4.TV - Xinhua - all 238 related » China DailyUS planes bomb Baquba as violence spills over from Fallujah Turkish Press - 12 hours ago BAQUBA, Iraq (AFP) - Gunfire and air strikes rocked the restive city of Baquba as violence raged across Iraq, despite a major assault on Fallujah where US-led forces hunted out final pockets of resistance. HOLDOUT REBELS IN FALLUJAH BOMBED New York Post US Air Strikes on Iraq\u0027s Baquba, 20 Rebels Dead Reuters Washington Post - The South African Star (subscription) - Washington Times - Keralanext - all 34 related » World  »    WVEC.com (subscription)Deal set on Iran\u0027s nuclear program Lexington Herald Leader - 1 hour ago France, Britain and Germany said yesterday that they had reached a formal agreement with Iran that commits the country to suspend production of enriched uranium that can be used to make nuclear bombs. Iran will let UN group inspect nuclear sites The Globe and Mail (subscription) UN Sees No New Nuclear Signs in Iran Los Angeles Times (subscription) Detroit Free Press - Khaleej Times - Washington Post - Boston Globe - all 1,196 related » News24UN Imposes Arms Embargo on Ivory Coast ABC News - 52 minutes ago A French soldier walks past signs at the nearly empty check-in area of the Abidjan, Ivory Coast, airport on Monday, Nov. 15, 2004. UN orders Ivory Coast arms ban CNN International UN slaps arms embargo on turbulent Ivory Coast Miami Herald (subscription) swissinfo - RTE Interactive - Winston-Salem Journal - New York Times - all 972 related » The Age (subscription)Tilt train future in question after Qld crash ABC Online - 42 minutes ago ELEANOR HALL: It was launched with great fanfare a decade ago, but today\u0027s accident has prompted concerns about the future of high speed tilt train in Australia and the capacity of the narrow tracks in Queensland to carry them. Train derails, miracle no-one dies The Age (subscription) Aussie train derails News24 ABC Asia Pacific - The Australian - Seattle Post Intelligencer - all 256 related »WVEC.com (subscription)News24The Age (subscription) U.S.  »    XinhuaExodus from the CIA\u0027s top ranks continues Seattle Post Intelligencer - 59 minutes ago The head of the CIA\u0027s clandestine service and his deputy both resigned their posts yesterday, effective immediately, becoming the most significant casualties of an effort by Porter ... Ugly CIA squabble boils over The Globe and Mail (subscription) Departures suggest turmoil at the CIA Kansas City Star (subscription) Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - New York Post - Washington Times - San Francisco Chronicle - all 548 related » XinhuaMan sets self afire at White House Washington Times - 2 hours ago A man set himself on fire and another jumped the fence in separate incidents on the north side of the White House yesterday afternoon. Man sets himself on fire outside White House USA Today Man sets self afire outside White House CNN International Kansas City Star (subscription) - 580 CFRA Radio - NBC4.TV - Xinhua - all 238 related » China DailyUS planes bomb Baquba as violence spills over from Fallujah Turkish Press - 12 hours ago BAQUBA, Iraq (AFP) - Gunfire and air strikes rocked the restive city of Baquba as violence raged across Iraq, despite a major assault on Fallujah where US-led forces hunted out final pockets of resistance. HOLDOUT REBELS IN FALLUJAH BOMBED New York Post US Air Strikes on Iraq\u0027s Baquba, 20 Rebels Dead Reuters Washington Post - The South African Star (subscription) - Washington Times - Keralanext - all 34 related »XinhuaXinhuaChina Daily Business  »     NewsFactor NetworkConrad Black charged with fraud in US Business World - 1 hour ago The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed filed civil fraud charges against both Lord Conrad Black and his former deputy at Hollinger International, David Radler. When Lord Black pushed, \u0027King Richard\u0027 pushed back The Globe and Mail (subscription) Founder accused of looting Hollinger Baltimore Sun (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - Washington Post - Centre Daily Times - all 245 related » NewsFactor NetworkBig payday for MarketWatch Dow Jones agrees to buy SF financial ... San Francisco Chronicle - 2 hours ago MarketWatch Inc., one of San Francisco\u0027s surviving Internet companies, hit a notable online payday Monday, as venerable Dow Jones \u0026 Co. Market Roundup News \u0026 Observer Online ads on track to hit record; Dow buys MarketWatch CBS MarketWatch Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - DM News - BusinessWeek - Guardian - all 231 related » Seattle TimesUS backs \u0027strong dollar\u0027 International Herald Tribune - 9 hours ago DUBLIN The United States backs a strong dollar, US Treasury Secretary John Snow reiterated Monday. But he added that it was up to the market to determine exchange rates based on economic fundamentals, leading ... Snow urges faster growth in eurozone Business World Dollar loses more ground as US talk lacks firm action The Times Forbes - CNN - Reuters - Moscow Times (subscription) - all 88 related »        Sci/Tech  »     Canoe.caFlight of X-43 delayed Los Angeles Daily News - 56 minutes ago NASA delayed a test of its X-43 unmanned aircraft after its preflight checkout took longer than expected and pushed the takeoff bck until too late in the day. NASA delays attempt to fly at 7,000 mph Baltimore Sun (subscription) Nasa delays Mach 10 flight Economic Times CNN International - ABC News - Reuters - Florida Today - all 248 related » XinhuaSun to offer new Solaris as \u0027open-source\u0027 software Boston Globe - 2 hours ago It cost Sun Microsystems $5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. Computer maker banks on potential service contracts to boost ... Denver Post Can Solaris 10 Make Sun Shine Again? BusinessWeek Forbes - eWeek - InfoWorld - USA Today - all 183 related » CIO TodayNovell\u0027s Antitrust Suit Points to Continued Dominance of Office ComputerWorld - 16 hours ago NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Novell Inc. last week filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Microsoft Corp. illegally tried to eliminate competition in the desktop applications market in the mid-1990s. Ungrateful Bastards: Novel Sues Microsoft After Big Payoff WebProNews Novell Files Another Microsoft Antitrust Suit ... Over WordPerfect ... SQL Server Magazine (subscription) ComputerWeekly.com - WLNS - VNUNet.com - Silicon.com - all 111 related » Business  »    NewsFactor NetworkConrad Black charged with fraud in US Business World - 1 hour ago The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed filed civil fraud charges against both Lord Conrad Black and his former deputy at Hollinger International, David Radler. When Lord Black pushed, \u0027King Richard\u0027 pushed back The Globe and Mail (subscription) Founder accused of looting Hollinger Baltimore Sun (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - Washington Post - Centre Daily Times - all 245 related » NewsFactor NetworkBig payday for MarketWatch Dow Jones agrees to buy SF financial ... San Francisco Chronicle - 2 hours ago MarketWatch Inc., one of San Francisco\u0027s surviving Internet companies, hit a notable online payday Monday, as venerable Dow Jones \u0026 Co. Market Roundup News \u0026 Observer Online ads on track to hit record; Dow buys MarketWatch CBS MarketWatch Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - DM News - BusinessWeek - Guardian - all 231 related » Seattle TimesUS backs \u0027strong dollar\u0027 International Herald Tribune - 9 hours ago DUBLIN The United States backs a strong dollar, US Treasury Secretary John Snow reiterated Monday. But he added that it was up to the market to determine exchange rates based on economic fundamentals, leading ... Snow urges faster growth in eurozone Business World Dollar loses more ground as US talk lacks firm action The Times Forbes - CNN - Reuters - Moscow Times (subscription) - all 88 related »NewsFactor NetworkNewsFactor NetworkSeattle Times Sci/Tech  »    Canoe.caFlight of X-43 delayed Los Angeles Daily News - 56 minutes ago NASA delayed a test of its X-43 unmanned aircraft after its preflight checkout took longer than expected and pushed the takeoff bck until too late in the day. NASA delays attempt to fly at 7,000 mph Baltimore Sun (subscription) Nasa delays Mach 10 flight Economic Times CNN International - ABC News - Reuters - Florida Today - all 248 related » XinhuaSun to offer new Solaris as \u0027open-source\u0027 software Boston Globe - 2 hours ago It cost Sun Microsystems $5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. Computer maker banks on potential service contracts to boost ... Denver Post Can Solaris 10 Make Sun Shine Again? BusinessWeek Forbes - eWeek - InfoWorld - USA Today - all 183 related » CIO TodayNovell\u0027s Antitrust Suit Points to Continued Dominance of Office ComputerWorld - 16 hours ago NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Novell Inc. last week filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Microsoft Corp. illegally tried to eliminate competition in the desktop applications market in the mid-1990s. Ungrateful Bastards: Novel Sues Microsoft After Big Payoff WebProNews Novell Files Another Microsoft Antitrust Suit ... Over WordPerfect ... SQL Server Magazine (subscription) ComputerWeekly.com - WLNS - VNUNet.com - Silicon.com - all 111 related »Canoe.caXinhuaCIO Today Sports  »     San Diego Union TribuneSharapova tops wounded Williams Los Angeles Daily News - 49 minutes ago It\u0027s either going down as the match where young Russian Maria Sharapova earned her stripes as one of the top players on the tour, or it\u0027s the one where Serena Williams showed ... Sharapova wins despite Serena\u0027s brave effort ESPN Picture-perfect ending Press-Enterprise (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - MOSNEWS - Xinhua - all 610 related » XinhuaFederer beats Gaudio in Masters Cup Xinhua - 49 minutes ago World number one Roger Federer of Switzerland whitewashed Gaston Gaudio of Argentina in the opening match of the ATP Masters Cup championships in Houston. Federer relieved to return This is London Federer Makes Winning Return at Masters Cup Reuters San Francisco Chronicle - ESPN - CBC News - ABC News - all 248 related » F1-Live.comCoulthard still in the dark This is London - 38 minutes ago David Coulthard and Anthony Davidson must wait to find out if they will be driving for new Formula One team Red Bull Racing next year. RED BULL LIFELINE FOR DC? ITV.com Red Bull refuse to speculate about drivers Planet-F1 The Mirror - F1-Live.com - Home of F1 - New York Post - all 288 related »        Entertainment  »     San Diego Union TribuneIn life and in death, ODB was complicated Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago Russell Jones\u0027 mother put a human face back on her son. \"To the public he was known as Ol\u0027 Dirty Bastard,\" she said in a statement after his death Saturday. MANAGER\u0027S BOMBSHELL: OL\u0027 DIRTY PAID FOR 7 KIDS New York Post Ode to an Ol\u0027 Dirty Bastard Salon (subscription) Boston Globe - Aversion - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - The Times - all 709 related » KING5.com (subscription)USHER\u0027S TATTOO TRIBUTE TO HIS PAL DAVID AS HE SCOOPS FOUR AWARDS The Mirror - 45 minutes ago Chart-topper Usher, 26, has a coat with a copy of Becks\u0027 famous angel tattoo emblazoned on the back. He had it specially made for the American Music Awards, where he won all four of his nominations. American Music Award Winners Net Music Countdown Usher takes home 4 American Music Awards Hollywood Reporter Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - TheCelebrityCafe.com - ABC News - Melbourne Herald Sun - all 577 related » Zap2it.comHanks Cracks Code Film Stew - 1 hour ago Two-time Oscar winner in talks to take the high-profile role of Robert Langdon in Columbia\u0027s adaptation of The Da Vinci Code. At least one mystery of the film version of The Da Vinci Code is about to be cracked ... Tom Hanks negotiating to star in \u0027The Da Vinci Code\u0027 movie San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Tom Hanks to star in \"Da Vinci Code\" movie Xinhua Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Telegraph.co.uk - TheCelebrityCafe.com - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - all 166 related » Sports  »    San Diego Union TribuneSharapova tops wounded Williams Los Angeles Daily News - 49 minutes ago It\u0027s either going down as the match where young Russian Maria Sharapova earned her stripes as one of the top players on the tour, or it\u0027s the one where Serena Williams showed ... Sharapova wins despite Serena\u0027s brave effort ESPN Picture-perfect ending Press-Enterprise (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - MOSNEWS - Xinhua - all 610 related » XinhuaFederer beats Gaudio in Masters Cup Xinhua - 49 minutes ago World number one Roger Federer of Switzerland whitewashed Gaston Gaudio of Argentina in the opening match of the ATP Masters Cup championships in Houston. Federer relieved to return This is London Federer Makes Winning Return at Masters Cup Reuters San Francisco Chronicle - ESPN - CBC News - ABC News - all 248 related » F1-Live.comCoulthard still in the dark This is London - 38 minutes ago David Coulthard and Anthony Davidson must wait to find out if they will be driving for new Formula One team Red Bull Racing next year. RED BULL LIFELINE FOR DC? ITV.com Red Bull refuse to speculate about drivers Planet-F1 The Mirror - F1-Live.com - Home of F1 - New York Post - all 288 related »San Diego Union TribuneXinhuaF1-Live.com Entertainment  »    San Diego Union TribuneIn life and in death, ODB was complicated Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago Russell Jones\u0027 mother put a human face back on her son. \"To the public he was known as Ol\u0027 Dirty Bastard,\" she said in a statement after his death Saturday. MANAGER\u0027S BOMBSHELL: OL\u0027 DIRTY PAID FOR 7 KIDS New York Post Ode to an Ol\u0027 Dirty Bastard Salon (subscription) Boston Globe - Aversion - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - The Times - all 709 related » KING5.com (subscription)USHER\u0027S TATTOO TRIBUTE TO HIS PAL DAVID AS HE SCOOPS FOUR AWARDS The Mirror - 45 minutes ago Chart-topper Usher, 26, has a coat with a copy of Becks\u0027 famous angel tattoo emblazoned on the back. He had it specially made for the American Music Awards, where he won all four of his nominations. American Music Award Winners Net Music Countdown Usher takes home 4 American Music Awards Hollywood Reporter Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - TheCelebrityCafe.com - ABC News - Melbourne Herald Sun - all 577 related » Zap2it.comHanks Cracks Code Film Stew - 1 hour ago Two-time Oscar winner in talks to take the high-profile role of Robert Langdon in Columbia\u0027s adaptation of The Da Vinci Code. At least one mystery of the film version of The Da Vinci Code is about to be cracked ... Tom Hanks negotiating to star in \u0027The Da Vinci Code\u0027 movie San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Tom Hanks to star in \"Da Vinci Code\" movie Xinhua Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Telegraph.co.uk - TheCelebrityCafe.com - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - all 166 related »San Diego Union TribuneKING5.com (subscription)Zap2it.com Health  »     ITV.comBritain bans junk food TV ads Food Ingredients First - 52 minutes ago 16/11/2004 Junk food adverts have been banned on TV before 9pm in an attempt to fight Britain’s obesity crisis. Health Secretary Dr John Reid believes the move is necessary to protect youngsters watching early evening television. ALL PUFFED OUT The Mirror British Govt to outline smoking ban measures RTE Interactive ITV.com - Channel News Asia - Guardian - Reuters AlertNet - all 125 related » Heavy computer use tied to glaucoma CBC News - 6 hours ago LONDON - Men who spend hours staring at a computer screen may be at increased risk for glaucoma, a disease that can cause blindness, Japanese doctors say. Excessive computer use \u0027threat to eyesight\u0027 Guardian Glaucoma risk for computer users The Times Health Talk - Independent - BBC News - Channel News Asia - all 17 related » Women\u0027s eNewsNew safety warnings added to abortion pill Seattle Times - 49 minutes ago New warnings will be added to an abortion pill implicated in the death of an 18-year-old California woman last fall, linking Mifeprex to the risk of serious bacterial infection. Abortion pills to get more safety warnings Indianapolis Star Abortion pill gets new safety warning Quad City Times Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - WebMD - WTOV9.com - WAFF - all 242 related »        More Top Stories     Seattle TimesSpokane bishop elected to lead church in US Seattle Times - 48 minutes ago WASHINGTON, DC - In an apparent affirmation of church tradition, Bishop William Skylstad of Spokane yesterday was elected president of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops at its annual fall meeting. Bishops look to leader from debt-ridden diocese Denver Post Catholic bishops elect new president Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Rocky Mountain News - all 474 related » Three-strikes amendment against doctors put on hold Sun-Sentinel.com - 58 minutes ago TALLAHASSEE · A judge Monday temporarily halted a new Florida constitutional amendment that would yank the license of doctors who commit three acts of malpractice. Malpractice measure is put on hold Miami Herald (subscription) Judge halts malpractice amendment The News-Press Tallahassee Democrat - Daytona Beach News-Journal - St. Petersburg Times - Naples Daily News - all 71 related » Albany Times UnionSADDAM BAGGED $21B IN OIL SCAM New York Post - 57 minutes ago WASHINGTON - Saddam Hussein illegally pocketed a staggering $21 billion from the scandal-scarred UN oil-for-food program ?ore than twice the previous estimate, congressional investigators said yesterday. Iraq\u0027s illicit gains from oil-for-food program top $21 billion ... Baltimore Sun (subscription) More Oil-Food Deception Detailed Los Angeles Times (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - Washington Post - New York Times - all 272 related » Health  »    ITV.comBritain bans junk food TV ads Food Ingredients First - 52 minutes ago 16/11/2004 Junk food adverts have been banned on TV before 9pm in an attempt to fight Britain’s obesity crisis. Health Secretary Dr John Reid believes the move is necessary to protect youngsters watching early evening television. ALL PUFFED OUT The Mirror British Govt to outline smoking ban measures RTE Interactive ITV.com - Channel News Asia - Guardian - Reuters AlertNet - all 125 related » Heavy computer use tied to glaucoma CBC News - 6 hours ago LONDON - Men who spend hours staring at a computer screen may be at increased risk for glaucoma, a disease that can cause blindness, Japanese doctors say. Excessive computer use \u0027threat to eyesight\u0027 Guardian Glaucoma risk for computer users The Times Health Talk - Independent - BBC News - Channel News Asia - all 17 related » Women\u0027s eNewsNew safety warnings added to abortion pill Seattle Times - 49 minutes ago New warnings will be added to an abortion pill implicated in the death of an 18-year-old California woman last fall, linking Mifeprex to the risk of serious bacterial infection. Abortion pills to get more safety warnings Indianapolis Star Abortion pill gets new safety warning Quad City Times Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - WebMD - WTOV9.com - WAFF - all 242 related »ITV.comWomen\u0027s eNews More Top Stories    Seattle TimesSpokane bishop elected to lead church in US Seattle Times - 48 minutes ago WASHINGTON, DC - In an apparent affirmation of church tradition, Bishop William Skylstad of Spokane yesterday was elected president of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops at its annual fall meeting. Bishops look to leader from debt-ridden diocese Denver Post Catholic bishops elect new president Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Rocky Mountain News - all 474 related » Three-strikes amendment against doctors put on hold Sun-Sentinel.com - 58 minutes ago TALLAHASSEE · A judge Monday temporarily halted a new Florida constitutional amendment that would yank the license of doctors who commit three acts of malpractice. Malpractice measure is put on hold Miami Herald (subscription) Judge halts malpractice amendment The News-Press Tallahassee Democrat - Daytona Beach News-Journal - St. Petersburg Times - Naples Daily News - all 71 related » Albany Times UnionSADDAM BAGGED $21B IN OIL SCAM New York Post - 57 minutes ago WASHINGTON - Saddam Hussein illegally pocketed a staggering $21 billion from the scandal-scarred UN oil-for-food program ?ore than twice the previous estimate, congressional investigators said yesterday. Iraq\u0027s illicit gains from oil-for-food program top $21 billion ... Baltimore Sun (subscription) More Oil-Food Deception Detailed Los Angeles Times (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - Washington Post - New York Times - all 272 related »Seattle TimesAlbany Times Union©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":35,"second":15},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
