{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 13 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 13 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP132003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ITV.comBritish journalist held by gunmen CNN International - 55 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A British journalist has been taken hostage in the southern Iraqi city of Basra, according to a Basra police spokesman. Iraqi militants threaten to kill British journalist ITV.com Gunmen threaten to execute Briton ic SouthLondon.co.uk Philippine Daily Inquirer - ABC Online - News24 - Albawaba Middle East News - and 168 related » ReutersIraq Ministry Says Rebel Leader Al-Sadr Isn\u0027t Injured, AFP Says Bloomberg - 10 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- The Iraqi Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr, whose supporters are staging an insurgency against the US-led coalition in southern Iraq, isn\u0027t injured, Agence France-Presse reported, citing Iraq\u0027s Defense Ministry. Wounded Sadr urges \u0027holy war\u0027 to continue, Najaf talks on Outlookindia.com Rebel cleric hurt in raid New York Daily News Reuters - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - and 2969 related »     US Stock-Index Futures Little Changed; Dell Gains in Europe Bloomberg - and 183 related » Windows Update PC Magazine - and 281 related » Clarke on course: Leads charge as low scores take wind out of Straits\u0027 sails Boston Herald - and 1206 related » Peas\u0027 studio burns The Age - and 93 related » Kerry asks \u0027greatest generation\u0027 for votes United Press International - and 301 related » In the News  Amber Frey  Colin Powell  National Convention  Gulf Coast  Washington Post  Republican Party  United Kingdom  Local Government  George Bush  Lee Hsien Loong\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ITV.comBritish journalist held by gunmen CNN International - 55 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A British journalist has been taken hostage in the southern Iraqi city of Basra, according to a Basra police spokesman. Iraqi militants threaten to kill British journalist ITV.com Gunmen threaten to execute Briton ic SouthLondon.co.uk Philippine Daily Inquirer - ABC Online - News24 - Albawaba Middle East News - and 168 related » ReutersIraq Ministry Says Rebel Leader Al-Sadr Isn\u0027t Injured, AFP Says Bloomberg - 10 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- The Iraqi Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr, whose supporters are staging an insurgency against the US-led coalition in southern Iraq, isn\u0027t injured, Agence France-Presse reported, citing Iraq\u0027s Defense Ministry. Wounded Sadr urges \u0027holy war\u0027 to continue, Najaf talks on Outlookindia.com Rebel cleric hurt in raid New York Daily News Reuters - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - and 2969 related »     US Stock-Index Futures Little Changed; Dell Gains in Europe Bloomberg - and 183 related » Windows Update PC Magazine - and 281 related » Clarke on course: Leads charge as low scores take wind out of Straits\u0027 sails Boston Herald - and 1206 related » Peas\u0027 studio burns The Age - and 93 related » Kerry asks \u0027greatest generation\u0027 for votes United Press International - and 301 related » In the News  Amber Frey  Colin Powell  National Convention  Gulf Coast  Washington Post  Republican Party  United Kingdom  Local Government  George Bush  Lee Hsien LoongITV.comReutersUS Stock-Index Futures Little Changed; Dell Gains in Europe Bloomberg - and 183 related » Windows Update PC Magazine - and 281 related » Clarke on course: Leads charge as low scores take wind out of Straits\u0027 sails Boston Herald - and 1206 related » Peas\u0027 studio burns The Age - and 93 related » Kerry asks \u0027greatest generation\u0027 for votes United Press International - and 301 related »In the News Amber Frey  Colin Powell  National Convention  Gulf Coast  Washington Post  Republican Party  United Kingdom  Local Government  George Bush  Lee Hsien Loong  World  » Al-JazeeraTyphoon Rananim ravages Zhejiang Interfax - 35 minutes ago Typhoon Rananim hit Shitang Town, Wenling City and Zhejiang Province at 8 pm, August 12, with a wind force of 12 on the Beaufort scale and then moved northwestward to Taizhou, Lishui, Jinhua and Hangzhou with considerable force and causing heavy storms. 63 Killed, 1800 Injured As Powerful Typhoon Hits China IndoLink Typhoon Kills 63, Injures 1,800 In China Free Internet Press Hindustan Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Japan Today - Al-Jazeera - and 179 related » ABC NewsSeminary shut amid pornography probe Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago VIENNA -- A papal emissary investigating suspected homosexuality and possession of child pornography among student priests shut down the seminary at the center of the scandal yesterday, acknowledging his ... Scandal-hit seminary shut down Indianapolis Star Bishop Investigating Scandal Closes Seminary Los Angeles Times (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Washington Post - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 113 related » New York TimesWider Israeli pullback of West Bank hinted Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago Israel\u0027s vice premier said Thursday that Israel would have to remove more than the four West Bank settlements listed for evacuation under a \"unilateral disengagement\" plan. How a Zionist Hawk Grew His New Dovish Feathers New York Times Letter From Ramallah Salon (subscription) Detroit Free Press - Washington Times - Centre for Public Opinion and Democracy - Reuters - and 202 related »        U.S.  » USA TodayHurricane Charley Pounds Havana on Castro Birthday Reuters - 45 minutes ago HAVANA (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley pummeled western Cuba and a darkened Havana early on Friday with howling winds that uprooted coconut trees and ripped roofs off houses on its furious path to the densely populated Florida coast. Hurricane sends people packing Pioneer Press (subscription) Charley gathers strength; Bonnie sputters onto land USA Today Boston Globe - Toronto Star - Newsday - CNN - and 2233 related » Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription)Calif. court voids gay marriages Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago SAN FRANCISCO -- The California Supreme Court voted, 5 to 2, to nullify the marriages of nearly 4,000 same-sex couples yesterday, ruling that Mayor Gavin Newsom overstepped his authority when he ... Same-sex marriages invalid, state Supreme Court decides Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription) Court annuls gay unions Toronto Star San Mateo Daily Journal - Seattle Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 979 related » Cherry Hill Courier PostNJ governor resigns, citing affair with man Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago NEW YORK -- In a stunning announcement with personal and political dimensions, Governor James E. McGreevey of New Jersey, a married father of two, yesterday publicly acknowledged he had ... NJ governor resigns after affair Pioneer Press (subscription) \u0027Wrong, foolish and inexcusable\u0027 New York Daily News Newsday - Seattle Times - KESQ - Reuters - and 886 related » World  »Al-JazeeraTyphoon Rananim ravages Zhejiang Interfax - 35 minutes ago Typhoon Rananim hit Shitang Town, Wenling City and Zhejiang Province at 8 pm, August 12, with a wind force of 12 on the Beaufort scale and then moved northwestward to Taizhou, Lishui, Jinhua and Hangzhou with considerable force and causing heavy storms. 63 Killed, 1800 Injured As Powerful Typhoon Hits China IndoLink Typhoon Kills 63, Injures 1,800 In China Free Internet Press Hindustan Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Japan Today - Al-Jazeera - and 179 related » ABC NewsSeminary shut amid pornography probe Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago VIENNA -- A papal emissary investigating suspected homosexuality and possession of child pornography among student priests shut down the seminary at the center of the scandal yesterday, acknowledging his ... Scandal-hit seminary shut down Indianapolis Star Bishop Investigating Scandal Closes Seminary Los Angeles Times (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Washington Post - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 113 related » New York TimesWider Israeli pullback of West Bank hinted Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago Israel\u0027s vice premier said Thursday that Israel would have to remove more than the four West Bank settlements listed for evacuation under a \"unilateral disengagement\" plan. How a Zionist Hawk Grew His New Dovish Feathers New York Times Letter From Ramallah Salon (subscription) Detroit Free Press - Washington Times - Centre for Public Opinion and Democracy - Reuters - and 202 related »Al-JazeeraABC NewsNew York Times U.S.  »USA TodayHurricane Charley Pounds Havana on Castro Birthday Reuters - 45 minutes ago HAVANA (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley pummeled western Cuba and a darkened Havana early on Friday with howling winds that uprooted coconut trees and ripped roofs off houses on its furious path to the densely populated Florida coast. Hurricane sends people packing Pioneer Press (subscription) Charley gathers strength; Bonnie sputters onto land USA Today Boston Globe - Toronto Star - Newsday - CNN - and 2233 related » Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription)Calif. court voids gay marriages Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago SAN FRANCISCO -- The California Supreme Court voted, 5 to 2, to nullify the marriages of nearly 4,000 same-sex couples yesterday, ruling that Mayor Gavin Newsom overstepped his authority when he ... Same-sex marriages invalid, state Supreme Court decides Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription) Court annuls gay unions Toronto Star San Mateo Daily Journal - Seattle Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 979 related » Cherry Hill Courier PostNJ governor resigns, citing affair with man Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago NEW YORK -- In a stunning announcement with personal and political dimensions, Governor James E. McGreevey of New Jersey, a married father of two, yesterday publicly acknowledged he had ... NJ governor resigns after affair Pioneer Press (subscription) \u0027Wrong, foolish and inexcusable\u0027 New York Daily News Newsday - Seattle Times - KESQ - Reuters - and 886 related »USA TodaySanta Barbara News-Press (subscription)Cherry Hill Courier Post Business  » CRM BuyerUS Stock-Index Futures Little Changed; Dell Gains in Europe Bloomberg - 25 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- US stock-index futures were little changed before a government report that will probably show producer prices rose last month because of higher costs for oil and other commodities. Dell trumpets record profit ZDNet.co.uk Dell Posts Another Quarter of Earnings Washington Post Business Report - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - CBS MarketWatch - and 183 related » New York TimesGoogle is ready to let bidding begin Newsday - 55 minutes ago Google will start taking bids for its stock today in one of the most-hyped initial public offerings since Netscape debuted. Google Auction to Open, Testing Initial Share Sale Price Range Bloomberg Google to Take IPO Bids Today Los Angeles Times (subscription) Washington Post - Hindustan Times - Reuters - BusinessWeek - and 577 related » Al-JazeeraCrude prices leap above $45 a barrel Boston Globe - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Crude oil prices jumped well above $45 a barrel yesterday, continuing to rally on uncertainties in oil-producing nations at a time when demand is strong and the world\u0027s excess output capacity is thin. Oil hits record $45.50 as doubts continue Baltimore Sun Oil hits all-time high London Free Press Houston Chronicle - Bloomberg - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - and 373 related »        Sci/Tech  » CRM DailyWindows Update PC Magazine - 7 hours ago Operating systems just ain\u0027t what they used to be. For a while, Microsoft released a new version of Windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used and thought about technology. But now, there\u0027s a ... MIKE WENDLAND: From your tech columnist\u0027s e-mail Detroit Free Press Initial Windows XP SP2 fallout limited InfoWorld eWeek - CRM Daily - ZDNet.com - Overclockers Club - and 281 related » p2pnet.netMSBlast spreader pleads guilty Xinhua - 10 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- Jeffrey Lee Parson, the creator of a modified version of the MSBlast worm over the Internet, targeting computers at Microsoft Corp. last summer, pleaded guilty on Wednesday. Blaster Maker Faces Slammer Washington Post Blaster Worm Hacker Pleads Guilty Halifax Live InternetWeek.com - Reuters - CNET News.com - Overclockers Club - and 268 related » Scientific American (subscription)Heatwaves here to stay Guardian - 7 hours ago Heatwaves of the kind that killed 30,000 people in Europe last year will become more frequent, more intense and longer-lasting, according to reports by US scientists today. Model Predicts Future Heat Waves Will be More Intense Scientific American (subscription) Heat Waves to Worsen Across America, Europe -Study Reuters Telegraph.co.uk - Discovery Channel - PhysOrg.com - swissinfo - and 24 related » Business  »CRM BuyerUS Stock-Index Futures Little Changed; Dell Gains in Europe Bloomberg - 25 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- US stock-index futures were little changed before a government report that will probably show producer prices rose last month because of higher costs for oil and other commodities. Dell trumpets record profit ZDNet.co.uk Dell Posts Another Quarter of Earnings Washington Post Business Report - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - CBS MarketWatch - and 183 related » New York TimesGoogle is ready to let bidding begin Newsday - 55 minutes ago Google will start taking bids for its stock today in one of the most-hyped initial public offerings since Netscape debuted. Google Auction to Open, Testing Initial Share Sale Price Range Bloomberg Google to Take IPO Bids Today Los Angeles Times (subscription) Washington Post - Hindustan Times - Reuters - BusinessWeek - and 577 related » Al-JazeeraCrude prices leap above $45 a barrel Boston Globe - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Crude oil prices jumped well above $45 a barrel yesterday, continuing to rally on uncertainties in oil-producing nations at a time when demand is strong and the world\u0027s excess output capacity is thin. Oil hits record $45.50 as doubts continue Baltimore Sun Oil hits all-time high London Free Press Houston Chronicle - Bloomberg - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - and 373 related »CRM BuyerNew York TimesAl-Jazeera Sci/Tech  »CRM DailyWindows Update PC Magazine - 7 hours ago Operating systems just ain\u0027t what they used to be. For a while, Microsoft released a new version of Windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used and thought about technology. But now, there\u0027s a ... MIKE WENDLAND: From your tech columnist\u0027s e-mail Detroit Free Press Initial Windows XP SP2 fallout limited InfoWorld eWeek - CRM Daily - ZDNet.com - Overclockers Club - and 281 related » p2pnet.netMSBlast spreader pleads guilty Xinhua - 10 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- Jeffrey Lee Parson, the creator of a modified version of the MSBlast worm over the Internet, targeting computers at Microsoft Corp. last summer, pleaded guilty on Wednesday. Blaster Maker Faces Slammer Washington Post Blaster Worm Hacker Pleads Guilty Halifax Live InternetWeek.com - Reuters - CNET News.com - Overclockers Club - and 268 related » Scientific American (subscription)Heatwaves here to stay Guardian - 7 hours ago Heatwaves of the kind that killed 30,000 people in Europe last year will become more frequent, more intense and longer-lasting, according to reports by US scientists today. Model Predicts Future Heat Waves Will be More Intense Scientific American (subscription) Heat Waves to Worsen Across America, Europe -Study Reuters Telegraph.co.uk - Discovery Channel - PhysOrg.com - swissinfo - and 24 related »CRM Dailyp2pnet.netScientific American (subscription) Sports  » Indianapolis StarClarke on course: Leads charge as low scores take wind out of Straits\u0027 sails Boston Herald - 5 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. - The mother of all courses turned into your baby sister yesterday in the first round of the 86th PGA Championship at Whistling Straits Golf Club. Not so dire Straits The Journal News.com Par-ty time Calgary Sun New York Daily News - Newsday - Canton Repository (subscription) - Boston Globe - and 1206 related » CNNBryant case judge criticized by father of victim Xinhua - 2 hours ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- In a letter to the Colorado judge by the father of the woman accusing basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape, he claims that he and his family \"have lost trust that we can obtain a fair trial in your court.\" ... Father of Accuser in Bryant Case Criticizes Judge New York Times Accuser\u0027s dad says Bryant judge unfair USA Today Reuters - ESPN - New York Post - CNN - and 1209 related » ReutersKenteris hurt in road crash News24 - 5 minutes ago Athens - Olympic 200m champion Kostadinos Kenteris and training partner Ekaterini Thanou were injured in a motorbike accident here hours after missing a drugs test which could see them thrown out of the Athens Olympics, an official said. Drug debacle mars Games launch Reuters Staley will bear flag in march Boston Globe Radio Free Europe - Hampton Roads Daily Press - This is London - Ananova - and 304 related »        Entertainment  » The AgePeas\u0027 studio burns The Age - 5 hours ago Will I Am and Fergie of the Black Eyed Peas at the Brit Awards in February, 2004. Picture:AP A fire which broke out in a studio where the hip-hop group Black Eyed Peas were recording a new album, destroyed about $US500,000 ($A700,000) in gear and ... Black Eyed Peas Studio Damaged By Fire Undercover Music News Black Eyed Peas Studio Fire The Malaysia Star MTV - Chart Attack - NME.com - BallerStatus.net - and 93 related » Zap2it.com\u0027M:I-3\u0027 Delayed, Cruise Goes to \u0027War\u0027 Zap2it.com - 11 hours ago Paramount Pictures will put the Cruise-starring \"Mission: Impossible 3\" on the back burner due to production difficulties, and instead will plug the star into \"War of the Worlds.\" ... Cruise Halts \u0027Mission,\u0027 at \u0027War\u0027 with Spielberg Reuters Fast run-up to \u0027War of the Worlds\u0027 Calendar Live (subscription) Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - E! Online - yourMovies - Sci Fi Wire - and 27 related » Zap2it.comWorld News: Sofia Coppola brushes up on French history Keralanext - 35 minutes ago Kirsten Dunst, who starred in Coppola\u0027s first film, \"The Virgin Suicides\", would play the title role of the French queen, with Jason Schwartzman portraying Louis XVI. Production would begin in February in France. Coppola\u0027s next is \u0027Antoinette\u0027 Calendar Live (subscription) Coppola Heads up \u0027Antoinette\u0027 Zap2it.com Guardian - Film Fodder - BBC News - Big News Network.com - and 27 related » Sports  »Indianapolis StarClarke on course: Leads charge as low scores take wind out of Straits\u0027 sails Boston Herald - 5 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. - The mother of all courses turned into your baby sister yesterday in the first round of the 86th PGA Championship at Whistling Straits Golf Club. Not so dire Straits The Journal News.com Par-ty time Calgary Sun New York Daily News - Newsday - Canton Repository (subscription) - Boston Globe - and 1206 related » CNNBryant case judge criticized by father of victim Xinhua - 2 hours ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- In a letter to the Colorado judge by the father of the woman accusing basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape, he claims that he and his family \"have lost trust that we can obtain a fair trial in your court.\" ... Father of Accuser in Bryant Case Criticizes Judge New York Times Accuser\u0027s dad says Bryant judge unfair USA Today Reuters - ESPN - New York Post - CNN - and 1209 related » ReutersKenteris hurt in road crash News24 - 5 minutes ago Athens - Olympic 200m champion Kostadinos Kenteris and training partner Ekaterini Thanou were injured in a motorbike accident here hours after missing a drugs test which could see them thrown out of the Athens Olympics, an official said. Drug debacle mars Games launch Reuters Staley will bear flag in march Boston Globe Radio Free Europe - Hampton Roads Daily Press - This is London - Ananova - and 304 related »Indianapolis StarCNNReuters Entertainment  »The AgePeas\u0027 studio burns The Age - 5 hours ago Will I Am and Fergie of the Black Eyed Peas at the Brit Awards in February, 2004. Picture:AP A fire which broke out in a studio where the hip-hop group Black Eyed Peas were recording a new album, destroyed about $US500,000 ($A700,000) in gear and ... Black Eyed Peas Studio Damaged By Fire Undercover Music News Black Eyed Peas Studio Fire The Malaysia Star MTV - Chart Attack - NME.com - BallerStatus.net - and 93 related » Zap2it.com\u0027M:I-3\u0027 Delayed, Cruise Goes to \u0027War\u0027 Zap2it.com - 11 hours ago Paramount Pictures will put the Cruise-starring \"Mission: Impossible 3\" on the back burner due to production difficulties, and instead will plug the star into \"War of the Worlds.\" ... Cruise Halts \u0027Mission,\u0027 at \u0027War\u0027 with Spielberg Reuters Fast run-up to \u0027War of the Worlds\u0027 Calendar Live (subscription) Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - E! Online - yourMovies - Sci Fi Wire - and 27 related » Zap2it.comWorld News: Sofia Coppola brushes up on French history Keralanext - 35 minutes ago Kirsten Dunst, who starred in Coppola\u0027s first film, \"The Virgin Suicides\", would play the title role of the French queen, with Jason Schwartzman portraying Louis XVI. Production would begin in February in France. Coppola\u0027s next is \u0027Antoinette\u0027 Calendar Live (subscription) Coppola Heads up \u0027Antoinette\u0027 Zap2it.com Guardian - Film Fodder - BBC News - Big News Network.com - and 27 related »The AgeZap2it.comZap2it.com Health  » New York TimesKerry asks \u0027greatest generation\u0027 for votes United Press International - 16 hours ago WASHINGTON, Aug. 11 (UPI) -- Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts is asking America\u0027s \"greatest generation\" to help catapult him into the White House this November, wooing them Wednesday with senior-friendly ... Politicians fool only themselves with Medicare bribe USA Today Kerry Faults Bush Over Opposition to Drugs From Canada New York Times Reuters - Columbia Daily Tribune - CBS News - Washington Post - and 301 related » BBC NewsSelegiline may prevent Parkinson\u0027s Xinhua - 30 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- Parkinson\u0027s disease, especially in early stage, may no longer trouble people in the future thanks to the new research of an inexpensive but rarely used drug - Selegiline - one from a group of drugs called monoamine oxidase ... Discarded drug could attack Parkinson\u0027s The Age Inexpensive Drug Effective in Early Parkinson\u0027s Yahoo News WebMD - BBC News - Seven.com.au - Medical News Today - and 11 related » CBC NewsRats can become addicts, studies show Seattle Times - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON Two new studies show that addicted rats exhibit the same compulsive drive for cocaine as people do. Addicted rats signal hope for humans New Scientist Cocaine-seeking rats a model for addiction studies CBC News Miami Herald (subscription) - Melbourne Herald Sun - Indianapolis Star - London Free Press - and 95 related »        More Top Stories New York TimesVP raises `sensitive\u0027 war issue: Jabs at Kerry remarks Boston Herald - 3 hours ago Vice President Dick Cheney, stepping up a campaign to ridicule John F. Kerry [related, bio], mocked the Democrat\u0027s call for a ``more sensitive\u0027\u0027 war on terror, saying al-Qaeda and militant beheaders won\u0027t cower to warm-and-fuzzy Kerry. Kerry must tread lightly on Iraq issue Boston Globe Bush uses Kerry\u0027s words to undercut Iraq claims Canton Repository (subscription) USA Today - New York Times - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Washington Post - and 665 related » BBC NewsJapan\u0027s Kansai Electric to Shut Reactors Reuters - 2 hours ago TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s Kansai Electric Power Co. said on Friday it would gradually close all of its nuclear reactors for safety checks and would start procedures immediately to take three units off line after the country\u0027s deadliest ... Japan N-reactors shut down Melbourne Herald Sun Utility to Temporarily Shutter Nuclear Plants Los Angeles Times (subscription) Bloomberg - KRON4.com - BBC News - Mainichi Shimbun - and 397 related » ABC NewsSeized Records Indicate Surveillance of Buildings Was Updated This Spring New York Times - 5 hours ago ASHINGTON, Aug. 12 - Al Qaeda operatives updated surveillance conducted at five financial institutions in New York, New Jersey and Washington as recently as this spring, according to a senior White House official who ... Red alert Salon (subscription) White House Sees Critical Period for Terror Reuters ABC News - USA Today - Al-Ahram Weekly - Working for Change - and 58 related » Health  »New York TimesKerry asks \u0027greatest generation\u0027 for votes United Press International - 16 hours ago WASHINGTON, Aug. 11 (UPI) -- Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts is asking America\u0027s \"greatest generation\" to help catapult him into the White House this November, wooing them Wednesday with senior-friendly ... Politicians fool only themselves with Medicare bribe USA Today Kerry Faults Bush Over Opposition to Drugs From Canada New York Times Reuters - Columbia Daily Tribune - CBS News - Washington Post - and 301 related » BBC NewsSelegiline may prevent Parkinson\u0027s Xinhua - 30 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 13 (Xinhuanet) -- Parkinson\u0027s disease, especially in early stage, may no longer trouble people in the future thanks to the new research of an inexpensive but rarely used drug - Selegiline - one from a group of drugs called monoamine oxidase ... Discarded drug could attack Parkinson\u0027s The Age Inexpensive Drug Effective in Early Parkinson\u0027s Yahoo News WebMD - BBC News - Seven.com.au - Medical News Today - and 11 related » CBC NewsRats can become addicts, studies show Seattle Times - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON Two new studies show that addicted rats exhibit the same compulsive drive for cocaine as people do. Addicted rats signal hope for humans New Scientist Cocaine-seeking rats a model for addiction studies CBC News Miami Herald (subscription) - Melbourne Herald Sun - Indianapolis Star - London Free Press - and 95 related »New York TimesBBC NewsCBC News More Top StoriesNew York TimesVP raises `sensitive\u0027 war issue: Jabs at Kerry remarks Boston Herald - 3 hours ago Vice President Dick Cheney, stepping up a campaign to ridicule John F. Kerry [related, bio], mocked the Democrat\u0027s call for a ``more sensitive\u0027\u0027 war on terror, saying al-Qaeda and militant beheaders won\u0027t cower to warm-and-fuzzy Kerry. Kerry must tread lightly on Iraq issue Boston Globe Bush uses Kerry\u0027s words to undercut Iraq claims Canton Repository (subscription) USA Today - New York Times - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Washington Post - and 665 related » BBC NewsJapan\u0027s Kansai Electric to Shut Reactors Reuters - 2 hours ago TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan\u0027s Kansai Electric Power Co. said on Friday it would gradually close all of its nuclear reactors for safety checks and would start procedures immediately to take three units off line after the country\u0027s deadliest ... Japan N-reactors shut down Melbourne Herald Sun Utility to Temporarily Shutter Nuclear Plants Los Angeles Times (subscription) Bloomberg - KRON4.com - BBC News - Mainichi Shimbun - and 397 related » ABC NewsSeized Records Indicate Surveillance of Buildings Was Updated This Spring New York Times - 5 hours ago ASHINGTON, Aug. 12 - Al Qaeda operatives updated surveillance conducted at five financial institutions in New York, New Jersey and Washington as recently as this spring, according to a senior White House official who ... Red alert Salon (subscription) White House Sees Critical Period for Terror Reuters ABC News - USA Today - Al-Ahram Weekly - Working for Change - and 58 related »New York TimesBBC NewsABC News©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":43,"second":34},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
