{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR JUN JUL 18 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpMAR JUN JUL 18 2003 2004 2005MAR JUN JUL182003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    Search and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   Indianapolis StarInsists that Saddam had \u0027a relationship\u0027 with Osama\u0027s gang New York Daily News - 35 minutes ago WASHINGTON - President Bush once more insisted there were ties between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda yesterday - rejecting the finding of the bipartisan 9/11 Commission that there was no relationship. Bush Maintains Saddam, Al Qaeda Links NPR (audio) Bush insists Hussein had relationship with al-Qaida Indianapolis Star Boston Globe - CNN - Radio Singapore International - St. Petersburg Times - and 1477 related » BBC NewsSaudi police search Riyadh for information about American hostage as deadline looms Newsday - 25 minutes ago RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- With helicopters flying overhead, thousands of Saudi police searched for American hostage Paul M. Johnson Jr. on Friday as a 72-hour deadline loomed for the kingdom to release al-Qaida prisoners or see him killed. US Saudi hostage ultimatum looms BBC News Deadline today for kidnapped American in Saudi Arabia KVIA Calgary Sun - Newark Star Ledger - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 1884 related »     Court: Yukos must pay tax claim CNN - and 445 related » Cabir, the first virus per cellular phones GSMBOX - and 204 related » Lawyer says Jones passed polygraph Boston Globe - and 857 related » Jackson hits out at leaked report BBC News - and 302 related » Surgery\u0027doesn\u0027t turn fat into fit\u0027 ic Wales - and 228 related » In the News  Bill Clinton  Abu Ghraib  John Kerry  Kofi Annan  Al Qaeda  Marc Dutroux  MGM Mirage  United Airlines  David Duval  Shinnecock Hills\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  Indianapolis StarInsists that Saddam had \u0027a relationship\u0027 with Osama\u0027s gang New York Daily News - 35 minutes ago WASHINGTON - President Bush once more insisted there were ties between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda yesterday - rejecting the finding of the bipartisan 9/11 Commission that there was no relationship. Bush Maintains Saddam, Al Qaeda Links NPR (audio) Bush insists Hussein had relationship with al-Qaida Indianapolis Star Boston Globe - CNN - Radio Singapore International - St. Petersburg Times - and 1477 related » BBC NewsSaudi police search Riyadh for information about American hostage as deadline looms Newsday - 25 minutes ago RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- With helicopters flying overhead, thousands of Saudi police searched for American hostage Paul M. Johnson Jr. on Friday as a 72-hour deadline loomed for the kingdom to release al-Qaida prisoners or see him killed. US Saudi hostage ultimatum looms BBC News Deadline today for kidnapped American in Saudi Arabia KVIA Calgary Sun - Newark Star Ledger - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 1884 related »     Court: Yukos must pay tax claim CNN - and 445 related » Cabir, the first virus per cellular phones GSMBOX - and 204 related » Lawyer says Jones passed polygraph Boston Globe - and 857 related » Jackson hits out at leaked report BBC News - and 302 related » Surgery\u0027doesn\u0027t turn fat into fit\u0027 ic Wales - and 228 related » In the News  Bill Clinton  Abu Ghraib  John Kerry  Kofi Annan  Al Qaeda  Marc Dutroux  MGM Mirage  United Airlines  David Duval  Shinnecock HillsIndianapolis StarBBC NewsCourt: Yukos must pay tax claim CNN - and 445 related » Cabir, the first virus per cellular phones GSMBOX - and 204 related » Lawyer says Jones passed polygraph Boston Globe - and 857 related » Jackson hits out at leaked report BBC News - and 302 related » Surgery\u0027doesn\u0027t turn fat into fit\u0027 ic Wales - and 228 related »In the News Bill Clinton  Abu Ghraib  John Kerry  Kofi Annan  Al Qaeda  Marc Dutroux  MGM Mirage  United Airlines  David Duval  Shinnecock Hills  World  » Seattle Post IntelligencerIran faces rebuke with IAEA\u0027s resolution Seattle Post Intelligencer - 25 minutes ago VIENNA, Austria -- The UN nuclear agency has asked its board of governors to censure Iran for nuclear cover-ups, but the sharply worded resolution stops short of calling for sanctions. Failed Preemption Washington Post UN agency set to rap Iran over nuclear program: US makes new accusation Channel News Asia New York Times - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Christian Science Monitor - Xinhua - and 742 related » CNNJury convicts Dutroux in Belgian pedophile trial International Herald Tribune - 30 minutes ago PARIS A Belgian jury on Thursday convicted Marc Dutroux of kidnapping, raping and killing young girls eight years ago, ending an agonizing sixteen-week trial. Pedophile guilty in child rape spree Miami Herald (subscription) Belgian guilty in rape, murder spree London Free Press Washington Post - The Mirror - The Age - New York Times - and 281 related » CNN InternationalLeaders yet to agree new EU chief Reuters - 55 minutes ago BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern says no consensus candidate has emerged at an EU summit so far to head the executive European Commission and has hinted that the choice may have to be deferred. Irish PM says commission chief race could drag beyond summit EUbusiness Negotiations on EU constitution to . . . Ireland Online Kansas City Star (subscription) - CNN International - Xinhua - Al-Jazeera - and 148 related »        U.S.  » MTVJetliner located 1 minute before it hit Pentagon Indianapolis Star - 40 minutes ago ... US reaction on 9/11 was slow, confused Detroit Free Press 9/11 Panel Finds Air Defenses Lacking Hartford Courant (subscription) Duluth News Tribune - New York Daily News - Seattle Times - Boston Globe - and 746 related » Sky NewsCIA Contractor Charged With Abu Ghraib Abuse WDRB - 20 minutes ago A contractor working for the CIA has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges stemming from the abuse of a prisoner in Afghanistan, the first civilian to face criminal charges in the case, Attorney General John Ashcroft said yesterday. CIA Contractor Charged in Fatal Prisoner Beating NPR (audio) Ex-City Officer Held In Death Of Detainee Hartford Courant (subscription) Sky News - Baltimore Sun - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 419 related » Christian Science MonitorBook wait gets crazy New York Daily News - 35 minutes ago With four days left until Bill Clinton\u0027s \"My Life\" goes on sale, Clinton mania is in full swing. Web store BooksaMillion.com is running a Meet Bill Clinton Contest, offering a grand-prize encounter with the former President next month ... 10 things unanswered in \u0027My Life\u0027 Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) Bookworm Bubba Comes Clean For Cash Yahoo News Reuters - Christian Science Monitor - New York Post - L\u0027express.mu - and 409 related » World  »Seattle Post IntelligencerIran faces rebuke with IAEA\u0027s resolution Seattle Post Intelligencer - 25 minutes ago VIENNA, Austria -- The UN nuclear agency has asked its board of governors to censure Iran for nuclear cover-ups, but the sharply worded resolution stops short of calling for sanctions. Failed Preemption Washington Post UN agency set to rap Iran over nuclear program: US makes new accusation Channel News Asia New York Times - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Christian Science Monitor - Xinhua - and 742 related » CNNJury convicts Dutroux in Belgian pedophile trial International Herald Tribune - 30 minutes ago PARIS A Belgian jury on Thursday convicted Marc Dutroux of kidnapping, raping and killing young girls eight years ago, ending an agonizing sixteen-week trial. Pedophile guilty in child rape spree Miami Herald (subscription) Belgian guilty in rape, murder spree London Free Press Washington Post - The Mirror - The Age - New York Times - and 281 related » CNN InternationalLeaders yet to agree new EU chief Reuters - 55 minutes ago BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern says no consensus candidate has emerged at an EU summit so far to head the executive European Commission and has hinted that the choice may have to be deferred. Irish PM says commission chief race could drag beyond summit EUbusiness Negotiations on EU constitution to . . . Ireland Online Kansas City Star (subscription) - CNN International - Xinhua - Al-Jazeera - and 148 related »Seattle Post IntelligencerCNNCNN International U.S.  »MTVJetliner located 1 minute before it hit Pentagon Indianapolis Star - 40 minutes ago ... US reaction on 9/11 was slow, confused Detroit Free Press 9/11 Panel Finds Air Defenses Lacking Hartford Courant (subscription) Duluth News Tribune - New York Daily News - Seattle Times - Boston Globe - and 746 related » Sky NewsCIA Contractor Charged With Abu Ghraib Abuse WDRB - 20 minutes ago A contractor working for the CIA has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges stemming from the abuse of a prisoner in Afghanistan, the first civilian to face criminal charges in the case, Attorney General John Ashcroft said yesterday. CIA Contractor Charged in Fatal Prisoner Beating NPR (audio) Ex-City Officer Held In Death Of Detainee Hartford Courant (subscription) Sky News - Baltimore Sun - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 419 related » Christian Science MonitorBook wait gets crazy New York Daily News - 35 minutes ago With four days left until Bill Clinton\u0027s \"My Life\" goes on sale, Clinton mania is in full swing. Web store BooksaMillion.com is running a Meet Bill Clinton Contest, offering a grand-prize encounter with the former President next month ... 10 things unanswered in \u0027My Life\u0027 Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) Bookworm Bubba Comes Clean For Cash Yahoo News Reuters - Christian Science Monitor - New York Post - L\u0027express.mu - and 409 related »MTVSky NewsChristian Science Monitor Business  » CNNCourt: Yukos must pay tax claim CNN - 20 minutes ago MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A Moscow Arbitration Court has denied an appeal by the Yukos oil company and approved a claim by tax authorities that the company pay outstanding taxes from 2000 totaling $3.4 billion. Yukos investors ready to dig in Financial Times Russian court hearing to open on YUKOS tax bill Reuters PRIME-TASS (subscription) - The Globe and Mail - Washington Post - New York Times - and 445 related » Despite woes, CEO confident Seattle Times - 1 hour ago CHICAGO When Glenn Tilton took over the leadership of United Airlines in 2002, skepticism abounded that a career oilman could learn the airline business fast enough to pull the carrier out of its dangerous dive. United \"can rebound\" Denver Post United\u0027s Bid For Loan Guarantee Rejected Washington Post Meeting News - New York Times - Reuters - Ireland Online - and 381 related » BBC NewsRise in US producer prices points to business regaining pricing power Financial Times - 1 hour ago Producer prices in the US rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in May, a further sign that companies are regaining pricing power after being forced to discount goods. Senate Confirms Greenspan for Fed Term Reuters Morning Memo Kansas City Star (subscription) CBS MarketWatch - BBC News - BusinessWeek - KWWL - and 714 related »        Sci/Tech  » HardwareGeeks.comCabir, the first virus per cellular phones GSMBOX - 2 hours ago You can\u0027t even relax with your cellular phones! As if it wasn\u0027t enough to have floods of spam and viruses that overflow our email accounts, now the threat has become mobile. In fact, as reported by Kaspersky Lab, the international company specialised ... Nokia, GSM body play down phone worm threat ZDNet.com.au Cellphone virus \u0027harmless\u0027 apart from battery wear New Zealand Herald HardwareGeeks.com - Forbes - Financial Times - WIS - and 204 related » KXTVNew technical glitches dog Yahoo Xinhua - 5 hours ago BEIJING, June 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A number of Yahoo services have stumbled for the second time this week as the Internet giant worked to resolve a hardware problem.Experts say the problems were caused by attack, CRIENGLISH.com reported Friday. Yahoo suffers second slowdown NEWS.com.au Server Slowdown Affects Nation\u0027s Most Popular Websites KXTV Seattle Post Intelligencer - Information Week - Publish - Web Host Industry Review - and 598 related » ABC Science OnlineLove rat tamed with a single gene ABC Science Online - 7 hours ago Scientists have tweaked the genes of promiscuous male rodents, transforming them at a stroke into faithful, attentive and caring partners. Gene implant tames voles with vooma and shows fidelity begins in the brain Cape Times (subscription) Gene Linked to Lasting Love in Voles Scientific American (subscription) USA Today - The Australian - Betterhumans - Forbes - and 77 related » Business  »CNNCourt: Yukos must pay tax claim CNN - 20 minutes ago MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A Moscow Arbitration Court has denied an appeal by the Yukos oil company and approved a claim by tax authorities that the company pay outstanding taxes from 2000 totaling $3.4 billion. Yukos investors ready to dig in Financial Times Russian court hearing to open on YUKOS tax bill Reuters PRIME-TASS (subscription) - The Globe and Mail - Washington Post - New York Times - and 445 related » Despite woes, CEO confident Seattle Times - 1 hour ago CHICAGO When Glenn Tilton took over the leadership of United Airlines in 2002, skepticism abounded that a career oilman could learn the airline business fast enough to pull the carrier out of its dangerous dive. United \"can rebound\" Denver Post United\u0027s Bid For Loan Guarantee Rejected Washington Post Meeting News - New York Times - Reuters - Ireland Online - and 381 related » BBC NewsRise in US producer prices points to business regaining pricing power Financial Times - 1 hour ago Producer prices in the US rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in May, a further sign that companies are regaining pricing power after being forced to discount goods. Senate Confirms Greenspan for Fed Term Reuters Morning Memo Kansas City Star (subscription) CBS MarketWatch - BBC News - BusinessWeek - KWWL - and 714 related »CNNBBC News Sci/Tech  »HardwareGeeks.comCabir, the first virus per cellular phones GSMBOX - 2 hours ago You can\u0027t even relax with your cellular phones! As if it wasn\u0027t enough to have floods of spam and viruses that overflow our email accounts, now the threat has become mobile. In fact, as reported by Kaspersky Lab, the international company specialised ... Nokia, GSM body play down phone worm threat ZDNet.com.au Cellphone virus \u0027harmless\u0027 apart from battery wear New Zealand Herald HardwareGeeks.com - Forbes - Financial Times - WIS - and 204 related » KXTVNew technical glitches dog Yahoo Xinhua - 5 hours ago BEIJING, June 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A number of Yahoo services have stumbled for the second time this week as the Internet giant worked to resolve a hardware problem.Experts say the problems were caused by attack, CRIENGLISH.com reported Friday. Yahoo suffers second slowdown NEWS.com.au Server Slowdown Affects Nation\u0027s Most Popular Websites KXTV Seattle Post Intelligencer - Information Week - Publish - Web Host Industry Review - and 598 related » ABC Science OnlineLove rat tamed with a single gene ABC Science Online - 7 hours ago Scientists have tweaked the genes of promiscuous male rodents, transforming them at a stroke into faithful, attentive and caring partners. Gene implant tames voles with vooma and shows fidelity begins in the brain Cape Times (subscription) Gene Linked to Lasting Love in Voles Scientific American (subscription) USA Today - The Australian - Betterhumans - Forbes - and 77 related »HardwareGeeks.comKXTVABC Science Online Sports  » USA TodayLawyer says Jones passed polygraph Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago In another public step to clear Marion Jones of drug allegations, her lawyer said yesterday she had passed a polygraph test and that the US Anti-Doping Agency should exonerate her. Lawyer says Jones passed polygraph test Seattle Times Marion is out of room to run Washington Times Hartford Courant (subscription) - FOX News - Reuters - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 857 related » Toronto StarOpportunities come early at Shinnecock The Journal News.com - 20 minutes ago SOUTHAMPTON Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, notorious for terrifying fescue, glassy greens and most of all, furious winds, actually gave the US Open field a chance yesterday. Let\u0027s hear it for the oldies Cincinnati Enquirer Two share Open lead Times Picayune Rocky Mountain News - New York Daily News - Boulder Daily Camera - Korea Times - and 340 related » CNN/SIRochelle Riley Detroit Free Press - 20 minutes ago To get a true sense of just who the Detroit Pistons are, consider how they rode in the downtown parade celebrating their championship. Each player rode in a car or truck with his family. Detroit\u0027s Pistons fete humbles R. Wallace Baltimore Sun East sends West clear message in NBA Indianapolis Star London Free Press - USA Today - Houston Chronicle - DetNews.com - and 1811 related »        Entertainment  » BBC NewsJackson hits out at leaked report BBC News - 50 minutes ago Singer Michael Jackson has hit back after documents were leaked that showed he paid $15.3m (£8.5m) in 1993 to a boy who claimed the star had molested him. Jacko Attacks Leak of Child Molestation Settlement Scotland on Sunday Jackson Criticizes Release of Terms in \u002793 Molestation Case Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - MTV - News24 - Reuters - and 302 related » Christian Science Monitor\u0027Fahrenheit\u0027 Fight Nears Boiling Point This Week Reuters - 40 minutes ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Brace yourselves. Michael Moore\u0027s Palme d\u0027Or-winning \"Fahrenheit 9/11\" approaches its New York opening in two theaters Wednesday and its national opening Friday. Fahrenheit 9 / 11 \u0027 raises temperature for documentaries Kansas City Star (subscription) DiCaprio campaigns for `Fahrenheit 9/11` Sify Christian Science Monitor - Framingham Metro West Daily News - MTV - USA Today - and 447 related » E! OnlineMadonna dons new name TheCelebrityCafe.com - 1 hour ago Madonna announced Thursday that she has adopted the Hebrew name of Esther. The name change results from the star\u0027s strong interest in Kabbalah, a mystical version of Judaism that seems to be currently popular among celebrities. Madonna gets in touch with her inner Esther The Globe and Mail A Jewish Madonna? Is That a Mystery? New York Times Reuters - Providence Journal (subscription) - Extra TV - E! Online - and 136 related » Sports  »USA TodayLawyer says Jones passed polygraph Boston Globe - 55 minutes ago In another public step to clear Marion Jones of drug allegations, her lawyer said yesterday she had passed a polygraph test and that the US Anti-Doping Agency should exonerate her. Lawyer says Jones passed polygraph test Seattle Times Marion is out of room to run Washington Times Hartford Courant (subscription) - FOX News - Reuters - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 857 related » Toronto StarOpportunities come early at Shinnecock The Journal News.com - 20 minutes ago SOUTHAMPTON Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, notorious for terrifying fescue, glassy greens and most of all, furious winds, actually gave the US Open field a chance yesterday. Let\u0027s hear it for the oldies Cincinnati Enquirer Two share Open lead Times Picayune Rocky Mountain News - New York Daily News - Boulder Daily Camera - Korea Times - and 340 related » CNN/SIRochelle Riley Detroit Free Press - 20 minutes ago To get a true sense of just who the Detroit Pistons are, consider how they rode in the downtown parade celebrating their championship. Each player rode in a car or truck with his family. Detroit\u0027s Pistons fete humbles R. Wallace Baltimore Sun East sends West clear message in NBA Indianapolis Star London Free Press - USA Today - Houston Chronicle - DetNews.com - and 1811 related »USA TodayToronto StarCNN/SI Entertainment  »BBC NewsJackson hits out at leaked report BBC News - 50 minutes ago Singer Michael Jackson has hit back after documents were leaked that showed he paid $15.3m (£8.5m) in 1993 to a boy who claimed the star had molested him. Jacko Attacks Leak of Child Molestation Settlement Scotland on Sunday Jackson Criticizes Release of Terms in \u002793 Molestation Case Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - MTV - News24 - Reuters - and 302 related » Christian Science Monitor\u0027Fahrenheit\u0027 Fight Nears Boiling Point This Week Reuters - 40 minutes ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Brace yourselves. Michael Moore\u0027s Palme d\u0027Or-winning \"Fahrenheit 9/11\" approaches its New York opening in two theaters Wednesday and its national opening Friday. Fahrenheit 9 / 11 \u0027 raises temperature for documentaries Kansas City Star (subscription) DiCaprio campaigns for `Fahrenheit 9/11` Sify Christian Science Monitor - Framingham Metro West Daily News - MTV - USA Today - and 447 related » E! OnlineMadonna dons new name TheCelebrityCafe.com - 1 hour ago Madonna announced Thursday that she has adopted the Hebrew name of Esther. The name change results from the star\u0027s strong interest in Kabbalah, a mystical version of Judaism that seems to be currently popular among celebrities. Madonna gets in touch with her inner Esther The Globe and Mail A Jewish Madonna? Is That a Mystery? New York Times Reuters - Providence Journal (subscription) - Extra TV - E! Online - and 136 related »BBC NewsChristian Science MonitorE! Online Health  » ABC Science OnlineSurgery\u0027doesn\u0027t turn fat into fit\u0027 ic Wales - 5 hours ago LIPOSUCTIONING your waistline can help reduce fatness but not increase fitness, reveals a new study. Liposuction Doesn\u0027t Offer Health Benefit, Study Finds New York Times Study: Liposuction No Substitute for Healthly Living NPR (audio) Forbes - WNEP-TV - WebMD - The Straits Times - and 228 related » CDC : Fewer teens lighting up in US Daytona Beach News-Journal - 1 hour ago DAYTONA BEACH -- Sanmeshia Johnson, 16, and Kara Schultz, 18, sat on traffic barricades Thursday afternoon outside the Volusia Mall, surrounded by a cloud of smoke from their friends\u0027 cigarettes. Students smoking less than in 2001 Miami Herald (subscription) State teens are saying no to \u0027dumb\u0027 smoking Wisconsin State Journal Forbes - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Reuters - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - and 239 related » Cholesterol lowering drugs, statins, may help fight rheumatoid arthritis Medical News Today - 5 minutes ago Cholesterol lowering drugs, or statins, do not only cut heart attack risks and prevent many cancers, they also may help fight rheumatoid arthritis, say researchers at Glasgow Royal Infirmary, Scotland. Cholesterol drug \u0027works on arthritis\u0027 Guardian Cholesterol Drugs May Fight Rheumatoid Arthritis Reuters Forbes - Health Talk - WebMD - ic SouthLondon.co.uk - and 40 related »        More Top Stories ABC NewsPakistan Kills Pro-Al Qaeda Tribal Leader Reuters - 25 minutes ago WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani forces killed a top tribal warrior and four comrades who had sheltered al Qaeda fighters in overnight raids on a mud-walled compound in a remote tribal region bordering Afghanistan, officials said on ... Wanted Tribal Leader Killed in Pakistan ABC News Pakistan kills tribal leader CNN Boston Globe - Xinhua - CNN International - KFOR-TV - and 242 related » EUpolitixEU Leaders Fail to Agree New Commission President Reuters - 10 minutes ago BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU leaders began the second day of a crucial summit on Friday with no consensus candidate to head the executive European Commission but with rising prospects of agreement on a first European ... EU deadlocked in search for president Financial Times Verhofstadt unlikely to become new European Commission head: British FM EUbusiness ABS CBN News - Bloomberg - Xinhua - Deutsche Welle - and 214 related » Gay.comClerks, gays to sue state officials The Republican - 55 minutes ago BOSTON - Municipal clerks in 13 communities including Northampton and Rowe today plan to file a lawsuit against state officials challenging an old law Gov. W. Mitt Romney is using to ban gay couples from other states from marrying in ... Lebanon Couple In Bay State Lawsuit Hartford Courant (subscription) Couples to challenge marriage law Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 225 related » Health  »ABC Science OnlineSurgery\u0027doesn\u0027t turn fat into fit\u0027 ic Wales - 5 hours ago LIPOSUCTIONING your waistline can help reduce fatness but not increase fitness, reveals a new study. Liposuction Doesn\u0027t Offer Health Benefit, Study Finds New York Times Study: Liposuction No Substitute for Healthly Living NPR (audio) Forbes - WNEP-TV - WebMD - The Straits Times - and 228 related » CDC : Fewer teens lighting up in US Daytona Beach News-Journal - 1 hour ago DAYTONA BEACH -- Sanmeshia Johnson, 16, and Kara Schultz, 18, sat on traffic barricades Thursday afternoon outside the Volusia Mall, surrounded by a cloud of smoke from their friends\u0027 cigarettes. Students smoking less than in 2001 Miami Herald (subscription) State teens are saying no to \u0027dumb\u0027 smoking Wisconsin State Journal Forbes - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Reuters - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - and 239 related » Cholesterol lowering drugs, statins, may help fight rheumatoid arthritis Medical News Today - 5 minutes ago Cholesterol lowering drugs, or statins, do not only cut heart attack risks and prevent many cancers, they also may help fight rheumatoid arthritis, say researchers at Glasgow Royal Infirmary, Scotland. Cholesterol drug \u0027works on arthritis\u0027 Guardian Cholesterol Drugs May Fight Rheumatoid Arthritis Reuters Forbes - Health Talk - WebMD - ic SouthLondon.co.uk - and 40 related »ABC Science Online More Top StoriesABC NewsPakistan Kills Pro-Al Qaeda Tribal Leader Reuters - 25 minutes ago WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani forces killed a top tribal warrior and four comrades who had sheltered al Qaeda fighters in overnight raids on a mud-walled compound in a remote tribal region bordering Afghanistan, officials said on ... Wanted Tribal Leader Killed in Pakistan ABC News Pakistan kills tribal leader CNN Boston Globe - Xinhua - CNN International - KFOR-TV - and 242 related » EUpolitixEU Leaders Fail to Agree New Commission President Reuters - 10 minutes ago BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU leaders began the second day of a crucial summit on Friday with no consensus candidate to head the executive European Commission but with rising prospects of agreement on a first European ... EU deadlocked in search for president Financial Times Verhofstadt unlikely to become new European Commission head: British FM EUbusiness ABS CBN News - Bloomberg - Xinhua - Deutsche Welle - and 214 related » Gay.comClerks, gays to sue state officials The Republican - 55 minutes ago BOSTON - Municipal clerks in 13 communities including Northampton and Rowe today plan to file a lawsuit against state officials challenging an old law Gov. W. Mitt Romney is using to ban gay couples from other states from marrying in ... Lebanon Couple In Bay State Lawsuit Hartford Courant (subscription) Couples to challenge marriage law Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - and 225 related »ABC NewsEUpolitixGay.com©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":13,"minute":29,"second":38},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
