{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 10 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 10 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP102003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ReutersRoadside bomb injures two in Iraq Ireland Online - 5 minutes ago A roadside bomb went off early today as a US military vehicle drove by a street in central Baghdad, slightly injuring two soldiers. Threats Halt Flow of Iraqi Oil to Main Terminal in the South Los Angeles Times (subscription) Fighting Continues In Iraqi Holy City Radio Free Europe Hartford Courant (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - BBC News - and 1977 related » CNN InternationalSingapore\u0027s Lee Stays as Finance Minister, Goh Takes MAS Bloomberg - 5 minutes ago Aug. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Lee Hsien Loong, who will become Singapore\u0027s third prime minister Thursday, will remain as finance minister, his predecessor Goh Chok Tong will be the chairman of the central bank and Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew will become ... Singapore posts growth surprise CNN International Singapore PM-designate Lee Hsien Loong unveils new Cabinet Channel News Asia Hindustan Times - The Age - BBC News - Xinhua - and 142 related »     Yahoo to get 2.7m Google shares Boston Globe - and 379 related » Is the Microsoft Windows Update Worth the Fuss? TechNewsWorld - and 161 related » `Kefi\u0027 joy grips Athens Toronto Star - and 584 related » Service for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online - and 308 related » Could mentally demanding jobs protect against Alzheimer\u0027s HealthandAge.com - and 100 related » In the News  John Edwards  Lake County  Salem Chalabi  King Kong  Goh Chok Tong  George W. Bush  Olympic Committee  Al Qaeda  African Union  National Congress\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ReutersRoadside bomb injures two in Iraq Ireland Online - 5 minutes ago A roadside bomb went off early today as a US military vehicle drove by a street in central Baghdad, slightly injuring two soldiers. Threats Halt Flow of Iraqi Oil to Main Terminal in the South Los Angeles Times (subscription) Fighting Continues In Iraqi Holy City Radio Free Europe Hartford Courant (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - BBC News - and 1977 related » CNN InternationalSingapore\u0027s Lee Stays as Finance Minister, Goh Takes MAS Bloomberg - 5 minutes ago Aug. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Lee Hsien Loong, who will become Singapore\u0027s third prime minister Thursday, will remain as finance minister, his predecessor Goh Chok Tong will be the chairman of the central bank and Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew will become ... Singapore posts growth surprise CNN International Singapore PM-designate Lee Hsien Loong unveils new Cabinet Channel News Asia Hindustan Times - The Age - BBC News - Xinhua - and 142 related »     Yahoo to get 2.7m Google shares Boston Globe - and 379 related » Is the Microsoft Windows Update Worth the Fuss? TechNewsWorld - and 161 related » `Kefi\u0027 joy grips Athens Toronto Star - and 584 related » Service for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online - and 308 related » Could mentally demanding jobs protect against Alzheimer\u0027s HealthandAge.com - and 100 related » In the News  John Edwards  Lake County  Salem Chalabi  King Kong  Goh Chok Tong  George W. Bush  Olympic Committee  Al Qaeda  African Union  National CongressReutersCNN InternationalYahoo to get 2.7m Google shares Boston Globe - and 379 related » Is the Microsoft Windows Update Worth the Fuss? TechNewsWorld - and 161 related » `Kefi\u0027 joy grips Athens Toronto Star - and 584 related » Service for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online - and 308 related » Could mentally demanding jobs protect against Alzheimer\u0027s HealthandAge.com - and 100 related »In the News John Edwards  Lake County  Salem Chalabi  King Kong  Goh Chok Tong  George W. Bush  Olympic Committee  Al Qaeda  African Union  National Congress  World  » BBC NewsSteam Kills 4 at Japanese Nuclear Plant Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 30 minutes ago The workers are burned to death when a pipe bursts. Officials say the release was not radioactive and poses no contamination threat. In Japan, 4 killed at nuclear plant Miami Herald (subscription) Japan Nuke Accident Raises Doubts Over Aging Plant Reuters News24 - Mainichi Shimbun - Channel News Asia - Houston Chronicle - and 597 related » BBC NewsEU says Sudan killings not genocide Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago BRUSSELS -- The European Union yesterday said it had found no evidence of genocide in the Sudanese region of Darfur, although killing was widespread with little evidence of government efforts to protect ... Delay over Darfur peacekeepers BBC News AU: Delays decision on Sudan News24 Borneo Bulletin - Bloomberg - Guardian - Xinhua - and 613 related » NDTV.comHotels bombed in Istanbul Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago ISTANBULSimultaneous explosions rocked two hotels in tourist districts of Istanbul early today, killing one person and injuring eight, in what the city police chief said was an apparent terrorist attack. 2 Killed, 7 Injured in Apparent Terror Blasts Los Angeles Times (subscription) Blasts in Istanbul, 2 killed NDTV.com swissinfo - Bloomberg - ABC News - Washington Post - and 254 related »        U.S.  » RTE InteractiveKing Kong\u0027s girl Wray dies at 96 Calgary Sun - 20 minutes ago As an actress, she rose to the heights of stardom -- literally. But residents of her old hometown, Cardston, remember Fay Wray -- who was best known as the damsel-in-distress held hostage by an Empire State Building-scaling giant ... King Kong\u0027s love, Fay Wray dies at 96 Baltimore Sun King Kong\u0027s star Fay Wray dies, 96 RTE Interactive Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - London Free Press - New York Post - and 385 related » Mcalester News CapitalNichols gets 161 life sentences Kansas City Star (subscription) - 40 minutes ago MCALESTER, Okla. A shackled, handcuffed Terry Nichols was sentenced Monday to life in prison without parole. 161 Consecutive Life Sentences for Nichols Los Angeles Times (subscription) Nichols Sentenced to Life for Oklahoma Bombing New York Times ABC News - Winston Salem Journal - Xinhua - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - and 670 related » New York TimesFriendly Va. Fete For Bush Washington Post - 5 hours ago President Bush campaigned in Northern Virginia yesterday, speaking to an invitation-only crowd of more than 1,400 supporters after other Republican leaders predicted he would win big this fall in a state that has not voted for a ... NOW breaks down the convention Working for Change What October Surprise? AlterNet Houston Chronicle - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - CNN - WBEX am 1490 - and 235 related » World  »BBC NewsSteam Kills 4 at Japanese Nuclear Plant Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 30 minutes ago The workers are burned to death when a pipe bursts. Officials say the release was not radioactive and poses no contamination threat. In Japan, 4 killed at nuclear plant Miami Herald (subscription) Japan Nuke Accident Raises Doubts Over Aging Plant Reuters News24 - Mainichi Shimbun - Channel News Asia - Houston Chronicle - and 597 related » BBC NewsEU says Sudan killings not genocide Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago BRUSSELS -- The European Union yesterday said it had found no evidence of genocide in the Sudanese region of Darfur, although killing was widespread with little evidence of government efforts to protect ... Delay over Darfur peacekeepers BBC News AU: Delays decision on Sudan News24 Borneo Bulletin - Bloomberg - Guardian - Xinhua - and 613 related » NDTV.comHotels bombed in Istanbul Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago ISTANBULSimultaneous explosions rocked two hotels in tourist districts of Istanbul early today, killing one person and injuring eight, in what the city police chief said was an apparent terrorist attack. 2 Killed, 7 Injured in Apparent Terror Blasts Los Angeles Times (subscription) Blasts in Istanbul, 2 killed NDTV.com swissinfo - Bloomberg - ABC News - Washington Post - and 254 related »BBC NewsBBC NewsNDTV.com U.S.  »RTE InteractiveKing Kong\u0027s girl Wray dies at 96 Calgary Sun - 20 minutes ago As an actress, she rose to the heights of stardom -- literally. But residents of her old hometown, Cardston, remember Fay Wray -- who was best known as the damsel-in-distress held hostage by an Empire State Building-scaling giant ... King Kong\u0027s love, Fay Wray dies at 96 Baltimore Sun King Kong\u0027s star Fay Wray dies, 96 RTE Interactive Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - London Free Press - New York Post - and 385 related » Mcalester News CapitalNichols gets 161 life sentences Kansas City Star (subscription) - 40 minutes ago MCALESTER, Okla. A shackled, handcuffed Terry Nichols was sentenced Monday to life in prison without parole. 161 Consecutive Life Sentences for Nichols Los Angeles Times (subscription) Nichols Sentenced to Life for Oklahoma Bombing New York Times ABC News - Winston Salem Journal - Xinhua - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - and 670 related » New York TimesFriendly Va. Fete For Bush Washington Post - 5 hours ago President Bush campaigned in Northern Virginia yesterday, speaking to an invitation-only crowd of more than 1,400 supporters after other Republican leaders predicted he would win big this fall in a state that has not voted for a ... NOW breaks down the convention Working for Change What October Surprise? AlterNet Houston Chronicle - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - CNN - WBEX am 1490 - and 235 related »RTE InteractiveMcalester News CapitalNew York Times Business  » Yahoo to get 2.7m Google shares Boston Globe - 45 minutes ago As it nears its initial public offering, Web search provider Google Inc. has settled a long-running legal dispute by turning over another 2.7 million shares of its stock to a top competitor, Yahoo Inc. Deal gives Yahoo more Google shares RTE News Google and Yahoo Settle Dispute Over Search Patent New York Times Washington Post - Computerwire.info (subscription) - Business World - DM News - and 379 related » Toronto StarInvestors need some soothing words from the Fed The Globe and Mail - 35 minutes ago A few months back, when surging US economic data made it likely that the US Federal Reserve Board would have to start ramping up interest rates, the stock markets got worried, and fell. Dollar Little Changed, Rate Clues Sought Reuters Fed watchers expect rates to rise today Orlando Sentinel (subscription) MLive.com - Toronto Star - Washington Post - Bloomberg - and 346 related » Telegraph.co.ukOil prices soar on new threats London Free Press - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Oil prices marched to new highs just shy of $45 US a barrel yesterday after an Iraqi oil official said production ceased at key southern oilfields, meaning the market could lose more than 1.5 million barrels a day by the end of the week. Yukos stock slumps as bailiffs move in The Times, UK (subscription) Fears About Iraq and Russia Push Oil to Another Record New York Times Houston Chronicle - Bloomberg - CBS MarketWatch - USA Today - and 206 related »        Sci/Tech  » TechNewsWorldIs the Microsoft Windows Update Worth the Fuss? TechNewsWorld - 2 hours ago Security weaknesses have plagued Windows XP and required many incremental updates. Microsoft has spent years and hundred of millions of dollars to bundle better protection into Service Pack 2. In addition to waiting before installing SP 2, ... Is the Microsoft Windows update worth all the fuss? Yes Miami Herald (subscription) Enter your e-mail: PC World WinInformant.com - BusinessWeek - The Age - Slashdot - and 161 related » TechNewsWorldAround The Nation Houston Chronicle - 55 minutes ago SALT LAKE CITY - A first-degree murder charge was filed Monday against Mark Hacking, who is alleged to have confessed to relatives that he shot his sleeping wife in the head and threw her body in a trash bin. NASA gets go-ahead to plan Hubble rescue Baltimore Sun Hubble black-hole hunter quits Florida Today Reuters - Bradenton Herald - TechNewsWorld - Wired News - and 45 related » Feds, Logan debut flier fast lane Boston Herald - 1 hour ago Federal agents to snoop out your background: millions in tax dollars a year. Biometric machines that identify you at the airport by scanning an eyeball: a couple thousand bucks each. Eye scans get frequent fliers\u0027 ayes Boston Globe TSA Tests Expedited Security Checks In Boston Information Week USA Today - Boston Channel.com - Capital News 9 - and 13 related » Business  »Yahoo to get 2.7m Google shares Boston Globe - 45 minutes ago As it nears its initial public offering, Web search provider Google Inc. has settled a long-running legal dispute by turning over another 2.7 million shares of its stock to a top competitor, Yahoo Inc. Deal gives Yahoo more Google shares RTE News Google and Yahoo Settle Dispute Over Search Patent New York Times Washington Post - Computerwire.info (subscription) - Business World - DM News - and 379 related » Toronto StarInvestors need some soothing words from the Fed The Globe and Mail - 35 minutes ago A few months back, when surging US economic data made it likely that the US Federal Reserve Board would have to start ramping up interest rates, the stock markets got worried, and fell. Dollar Little Changed, Rate Clues Sought Reuters Fed watchers expect rates to rise today Orlando Sentinel (subscription) MLive.com - Toronto Star - Washington Post - Bloomberg - and 346 related » Telegraph.co.ukOil prices soar on new threats London Free Press - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Oil prices marched to new highs just shy of $45 US a barrel yesterday after an Iraqi oil official said production ceased at key southern oilfields, meaning the market could lose more than 1.5 million barrels a day by the end of the week. Yukos stock slumps as bailiffs move in The Times, UK (subscription) Fears About Iraq and Russia Push Oil to Another Record New York Times Houston Chronicle - Bloomberg - CBS MarketWatch - USA Today - and 206 related »Toronto StarTelegraph.co.uk Sci/Tech  »TechNewsWorldIs the Microsoft Windows Update Worth the Fuss? TechNewsWorld - 2 hours ago Security weaknesses have plagued Windows XP and required many incremental updates. Microsoft has spent years and hundred of millions of dollars to bundle better protection into Service Pack 2. In addition to waiting before installing SP 2, ... Is the Microsoft Windows update worth all the fuss? Yes Miami Herald (subscription) Enter your e-mail: PC World WinInformant.com - BusinessWeek - The Age - Slashdot - and 161 related » TechNewsWorldAround The Nation Houston Chronicle - 55 minutes ago SALT LAKE CITY - A first-degree murder charge was filed Monday against Mark Hacking, who is alleged to have confessed to relatives that he shot his sleeping wife in the head and threw her body in a trash bin. NASA gets go-ahead to plan Hubble rescue Baltimore Sun Hubble black-hole hunter quits Florida Today Reuters - Bradenton Herald - TechNewsWorld - Wired News - and 45 related » Feds, Logan debut flier fast lane Boston Herald - 1 hour ago Federal agents to snoop out your background: millions in tax dollars a year. Biometric machines that identify you at the airport by scanning an eyeball: a couple thousand bucks each. Eye scans get frequent fliers\u0027 ayes Boston Globe TSA Tests Expedited Security Checks In Boston Information Week USA Today - Boston Channel.com - Capital News 9 - and 13 related »TechNewsWorldTechNewsWorld Sports  » Toronto Star`Kefi\u0027 joy grips Athens Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago ATHENSThe word is kefi, it is pronounced \"keh-fee,\" and to our everlasting regret, there is no English equivalent. But watch for it soon emanating from a Greek soul near you. Rogge Issues Games Drugs Warning The Scotsman Defying critics, Athens ready to go Boston Herald The Herald News - USA Today - New Zealand Herald - Hartford Courant (subscription) - and 584 related » Canada.comJays make Gibbons\u0027 debut perfect London Free Press - 1 hour ago NEW YORK -- The job title may have changed but interim Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons\u0027 words and actions indicate he won\u0027t. Just as he did the day before when he was the Blue Jays first base coach, Gibbons took his turn tossing batting practice ... AL Wrap: Gross Gets First Homer as Jays Sink Yankees Reuters Monday\u0027s Baseball Roundup Canada.com MLB.com - ESPN - Newsday - San Francisco Chronicle - and 626 related » New York PostGames Writes Own Romeo and Juliet Story Reuters - 20 minutes ago ATHENS (Reuters) - She saved him from drugs and he loved her almost to death - it\u0027s a Romeo and Juliet tragedy updated for the 2004 Athens Olympics. A real Greek tragedy Los Angeles Daily News Drug tests put 2 out of Games Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) New York Post - The South African Star (subscription) - The Times, UK (subscription) - Cape Times (subscription) - and 204 related »        Entertainment  » E! OnlineService for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online - 10 minutes ago A public memorial service and viewing for funk legend Rick James is scheduled to take place in Los Angeles tomorrow. Rick James Autopsy Mystery E! Online What takes away Rick James\u0027 life? Xinhua Reuters - MTV - Health Talk - WTEV - and 308 related » New York TimesBox Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters - 2 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Adult fare ruled the box office in North America last weekend, with Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" leading the way. \"Collateral\" killer cruises to the top Xinhua Big Stars in Grown-Up Movies Fail to Ignite Box Office Sparks New York Times AZ Central.com - Guardian - Film Stew - KTOK - and 193 related » E! OnlineTeens\u0027 Choice: Lindsay \u0026 Usher E! Online - 3 hours ago It pays to be freaking mean. Just ask Lindsay Lohan, who won Best Hissy Fit courtesy of her spin in Mean Girls Sunday at the Teen Choice Awards. Lindsay Lohan cleans up Teen Awards Xinhua Britney Bails, Ashlee Burps, Usher And Lindsay Win Big At Teen Choice Awards MTV NEWS.com.au - ABC News - ITV.com - Billboard - and 116 related » Sports  »Toronto Star`Kefi\u0027 joy grips Athens Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago ATHENSThe word is kefi, it is pronounced \"keh-fee,\" and to our everlasting regret, there is no English equivalent. But watch for it soon emanating from a Greek soul near you. Rogge Issues Games Drugs Warning The Scotsman Defying critics, Athens ready to go Boston Herald The Herald News - USA Today - New Zealand Herald - Hartford Courant (subscription) - and 584 related » Canada.comJays make Gibbons\u0027 debut perfect London Free Press - 1 hour ago NEW YORK -- The job title may have changed but interim Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons\u0027 words and actions indicate he won\u0027t. Just as he did the day before when he was the Blue Jays first base coach, Gibbons took his turn tossing batting practice ... AL Wrap: Gross Gets First Homer as Jays Sink Yankees Reuters Monday\u0027s Baseball Roundup Canada.com MLB.com - ESPN - Newsday - San Francisco Chronicle - and 626 related » New York PostGames Writes Own Romeo and Juliet Story Reuters - 20 minutes ago ATHENS (Reuters) - She saved him from drugs and he loved her almost to death - it\u0027s a Romeo and Juliet tragedy updated for the 2004 Athens Olympics. A real Greek tragedy Los Angeles Daily News Drug tests put 2 out of Games Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) New York Post - The South African Star (subscription) - The Times, UK (subscription) - Cape Times (subscription) - and 204 related »Toronto StarCanada.comNew York Post Entertainment  »E! OnlineService for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online - 10 minutes ago A public memorial service and viewing for funk legend Rick James is scheduled to take place in Los Angeles tomorrow. Rick James Autopsy Mystery E! Online What takes away Rick James\u0027 life? Xinhua Reuters - MTV - Health Talk - WTEV - and 308 related » New York TimesBox Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters - 2 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Adult fare ruled the box office in North America last weekend, with Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" leading the way. \"Collateral\" killer cruises to the top Xinhua Big Stars in Grown-Up Movies Fail to Ignite Box Office Sparks New York Times AZ Central.com - Guardian - Film Stew - KTOK - and 193 related » E! OnlineTeens\u0027 Choice: Lindsay \u0026 Usher E! Online - 3 hours ago It pays to be freaking mean. Just ask Lindsay Lohan, who won Best Hissy Fit courtesy of her spin in Mean Girls Sunday at the Teen Choice Awards. Lindsay Lohan cleans up Teen Awards Xinhua Britney Bails, Ashlee Burps, Usher And Lindsay Win Big At Teen Choice Awards MTV NEWS.com.au - ABC News - ITV.com - Billboard - and 116 related »E! OnlineNew York TimesE! Online Health  » BBC NewsCould mentally demanding jobs protect against Alzheimer\u0027s HealthandAge.com - 25 minutes ago Those who have Alzheimer\u0027s disease have often had less mentally demanding jobs that those who do not develop the disease, according to a new study. Alzheimer\u0027s patients\u0027 jobs studied Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Mentally demanding work may protect against Alzheimer\u0027s Seattle Post Intelligencer Washington Times - Forbes - Ivanhoe - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 100 related » Mutation link to breast cancer in African-Americans HealthandAge.com - 25 minutes ago Alterations in a tumor suppressor gene are more common among African-American women with breast cancer than among their white counterparts. Cancer And Black Women Hartford Courant (subscription) New report says black women more likely to have deadly breast cancer tumors Newsday Reuters - Forbes - Yahoo News - Big News Network.com - and 37 related » CTVChest pain key to survival Calgary Sun - 20 minutes ago TORONTO -- Patients admitted to hospital without the squeezing chest pain that usually precedes a heart attack are often incorrectly diagnosed and undertreated, leading to higher death rates compared with those who come in with more typical ... VITAL SIGNS Patterns: When No Chest Pain Is a Problem New York Times Painless Heart Attacks Pose Extra Risk Forbes Reuters - Health Talk - Medical News Today - CTV - and 15 related »        More Top Stories Indianapolis StarNYC copter tours go on despite alerts Boston Globe - 5 minutes ago NEW YORK -- A stream of tourists boarded sightseeing helicopters for tours of the New York area yesterday despite reports that Al Qaeda has considered using helicopters in terrorist attacks. New York helicopter launching pads under increased scrutiny Kansas City Star (subscription) Despite Terror Warning, Copter Tours Continue Los Angeles Times (subscription) Indianapolis Star - Reuters - ABC News - USA Today - and 181 related » ABC NewsIraqi judge vows to pursue Chalabis Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago BAGHDAD, IRAQ - The Iraqi judge who issued arrest warrants for one-time American ally Ahmad Chalabi and his nephew said Monday he would seek international police assistance and file extradition requests if they don\u0027t return voluntarily to ... US Is Accused of Playing Role in Chalabi Case Los Angeles Times (subscription) Questions Follow Chalabis\u0027 Warrants Washington Post New York Times - Washington Times - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - ABC News - and 766 related » Epoch TimesUS can\u0027t confirm video\u0027s real Seattle Times - 30 minutes ago CINCINNATI The Army said yesterday it cannot determine whether a video that appeared to show a captured US soldier being shot by militants was legitimate, and said the figure in the grainy video could have been a dummy. Bush and Polish PM Meet to Discuss Iraq Epoch Times Belka fails to convince President Bush to lift visas for Poles Warsaw Business Journal Xinhua - Bloomberg - Reuters - Voice of America - and 144 related » Health  »BBC NewsCould mentally demanding jobs protect against Alzheimer\u0027s HealthandAge.com - 25 minutes ago Those who have Alzheimer\u0027s disease have often had less mentally demanding jobs that those who do not develop the disease, according to a new study. Alzheimer\u0027s patients\u0027 jobs studied Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Mentally demanding work may protect against Alzheimer\u0027s Seattle Post Intelligencer Washington Times - Forbes - Ivanhoe - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 100 related » Mutation link to breast cancer in African-Americans HealthandAge.com - 25 minutes ago Alterations in a tumor suppressor gene are more common among African-American women with breast cancer than among their white counterparts. Cancer And Black Women Hartford Courant (subscription) New report says black women more likely to have deadly breast cancer tumors Newsday Reuters - Forbes - Yahoo News - Big News Network.com - and 37 related » CTVChest pain key to survival Calgary Sun - 20 minutes ago TORONTO -- Patients admitted to hospital without the squeezing chest pain that usually precedes a heart attack are often incorrectly diagnosed and undertreated, leading to higher death rates compared with those who come in with more typical ... VITAL SIGNS Patterns: When No Chest Pain Is a Problem New York Times Painless Heart Attacks Pose Extra Risk Forbes Reuters - Health Talk - Medical News Today - CTV - and 15 related »BBC NewsCTV More Top StoriesIndianapolis StarNYC copter tours go on despite alerts Boston Globe - 5 minutes ago NEW YORK -- A stream of tourists boarded sightseeing helicopters for tours of the New York area yesterday despite reports that Al Qaeda has considered using helicopters in terrorist attacks. New York helicopter launching pads under increased scrutiny Kansas City Star (subscription) Despite Terror Warning, Copter Tours Continue Los Angeles Times (subscription) Indianapolis Star - Reuters - ABC News - USA Today - and 181 related » ABC NewsIraqi judge vows to pursue Chalabis Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago BAGHDAD, IRAQ - The Iraqi judge who issued arrest warrants for one-time American ally Ahmad Chalabi and his nephew said Monday he would seek international police assistance and file extradition requests if they don\u0027t return voluntarily to ... US Is Accused of Playing Role in Chalabi Case Los Angeles Times (subscription) Questions Follow Chalabis\u0027 Warrants Washington Post New York Times - Washington Times - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - ABC News - and 766 related » Epoch TimesUS can\u0027t confirm video\u0027s real Seattle Times - 30 minutes ago CINCINNATI The Army said yesterday it cannot determine whether a video that appeared to show a captured US soldier being shot by militants was legitimate, and said the figure in the grainy video could have been a dummy. Bush and Polish PM Meet to Discuss Iraq Epoch Times Belka fails to convince President Bush to lift visas for Poles Warsaw Business Journal Xinhua - Bloomberg - Reuters - Voice of America - and 144 related »Indianapolis StarABC NewsEpoch Times©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":8,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":57,"second":41},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
