{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 12 2003 2004 2005 20,839 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 12 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP122003 2004 200520,839 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   Telegraph.co.ukIraqis Will Disarm Militia in Holy Places-Ministry Reuters - 15 minutes ago BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces alone will disarm militia holed up in Najaf at one of Shi\u0027ite Islam\u0027s holiest sites, a spokesman for Iraq\u0027s Interior Ministry said on Thursday as US forces opened a major offensive to drive out the militia. Fighting in Najaf May Soon Come to Head NPR (audio) US marines launch Najaf offensive Telegraph.co.uk Radio Free Europe - Xinhua - Hindustan Times - Newsday - and 2154 related » ABC NewsTurkish train-collision death toll rises to 8 Xinhua - 35 minutes ago ANKARA, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- The death toll has risen to eight, with 88 injured, in Turkey\u0027s train collision in northwestern Kocaeli province on Wednesday, Prime Ministry Emergency Management Directorate General said Thursday. Train Crash Death Toll Rises to Eight The Scotsman Eight dead, 88 hurt inTurkey rail crash Sydney Morning Herald Guardian - NTV MSNBC - The Globe and Mail - IndoLink - and 262 related »     US Oil Holds Near $45, Frets Over Iraq Reuters - and 230 related » Rescue Hubble Detroit Free Press - and 281 related » Kobe Bryant Accuser\u0027s Dad Says Judge Not Fair Reuters - and 1011 related » Stalker\u0027s lawyer: Zeta drives her mad Xinhua - and 197 related » Bush stands behind Iraq plan Newsday - and 283 related » In the News  Tropical Storm  West Nile  John Kerry  Hurricane Charley  George W. Bush  Sioux Falls  Lee Hsien Loong  Energy Agency  Pervez Musharraf  Ahmed Chalabi\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  Telegraph.co.ukIraqis Will Disarm Militia in Holy Places-Ministry Reuters - 15 minutes ago BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces alone will disarm militia holed up in Najaf at one of Shi\u0027ite Islam\u0027s holiest sites, a spokesman for Iraq\u0027s Interior Ministry said on Thursday as US forces opened a major offensive to drive out the militia. Fighting in Najaf May Soon Come to Head NPR (audio) US marines launch Najaf offensive Telegraph.co.uk Radio Free Europe - Xinhua - Hindustan Times - Newsday - and 2154 related » ABC NewsTurkish train-collision death toll rises to 8 Xinhua - 35 minutes ago ANKARA, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- The death toll has risen to eight, with 88 injured, in Turkey\u0027s train collision in northwestern Kocaeli province on Wednesday, Prime Ministry Emergency Management Directorate General said Thursday. Train Crash Death Toll Rises to Eight The Scotsman Eight dead, 88 hurt inTurkey rail crash Sydney Morning Herald Guardian - NTV MSNBC - The Globe and Mail - IndoLink - and 262 related »     US Oil Holds Near $45, Frets Over Iraq Reuters - and 230 related » Rescue Hubble Detroit Free Press - and 281 related » Kobe Bryant Accuser\u0027s Dad Says Judge Not Fair Reuters - and 1011 related » Stalker\u0027s lawyer: Zeta drives her mad Xinhua - and 197 related » Bush stands behind Iraq plan Newsday - and 283 related » In the News  Tropical Storm  West Nile  John Kerry  Hurricane Charley  George W. Bush  Sioux Falls  Lee Hsien Loong  Energy Agency  Pervez Musharraf  Ahmed ChalabiTelegraph.co.ukABC NewsUS Oil Holds Near $45, Frets Over Iraq Reuters - and 230 related » Rescue Hubble Detroit Free Press - and 281 related » Kobe Bryant Accuser\u0027s Dad Says Judge Not Fair Reuters - and 1011 related » Stalker\u0027s lawyer: Zeta drives her mad Xinhua - and 197 related » Bush stands behind Iraq plan Newsday - and 283 related »In the News Tropical Storm  West Nile  John Kerry  Hurricane Charley  George W. Bush  Sioux Falls  Lee Hsien Loong  Energy Agency  Pervez Musharraf  Ahmed Chalabi  World  » Seattle Post IntelligencerUS, Azeris Pledge Further Security Cooperation Reuters - 1 hour ago BAKU (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and the leader of the oil-rich Caucasus state of Azerbaijan pledged at talks on Thursday to continue cooperation on security issues. Rumsfeld thanks Azerbaijan president Seattle Post Intelligencer Rumsfeld makes surprise Afghan trip Baltimore Sun Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Bradenton Herald - Washington Times - and 319 related » New York TimesGerman 9/11 Retrial Gets Exculpatory Evidence From US New York Times - 8 hours ago UNICH, Aug. 11 - Imprisoned leaders of the Al Qaeda terrorist network told American authorities that Mounir el-Motassadeq was not involved in the plot to attack the United States in September 2001, according to evidence introduced in his ... Man On Trial In Germany Wasn\u0027t Aware Of 9/11 Plot: Al-Qaeda Suspects IndoLink Al-Qaida leaders distance Moroccan from 9/11 Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - The Scotsman - Reuters - Xinhua - and 393 related » ABC NewsMilitant bomber kills 2 Palestinians Pioneer Press (subscription) - 30 minutes ago JERUSALEM A Palestinian bomber detonated explosives 200 yards from a busy checkpoint at the northern edge of Jerusalem on Wednesday. The blast killed two Palestinian passersby and wounded about 20 people, including six Israeli ... Checkpoint bomb was intended for Jerusalem Seattle Times World Briefs Newsday Ha\u0027aretz - Gulf Daily News - Guardian - ABC News - and 373 related »        U.S.  » CNN InternationalSimultaneous Tropical Storms a Rarity Yahoo News - 15 minutes ago TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane or possibly two hurricanes could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen. One-two punch St. Petersburg Times Tropical storm puts Panhandle on guard Miami Herald (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Staunton News Leader - Greensboro News Record - Sun-Sentinel.com - and 1166 related » CNNSafe choice may not be best choice for CIA director Kinston Free Press - 1 hour ago Florida Republican Rep. Porter Goss, chosen by President Bush to head the CIA, is an insider who - for that reason - is entirely right or entirely wrong for the job, according to the reaction of Washington watchers following the Tuesday appointment. Can insider do the job? Santa Maria Times CIA nominee called too partisan Miami Herald (subscription) Newsday - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Norristown Times Herald - The Globe and Mail - and 1579 related » ABC NewsBush: I know how to win Iraq war Indianapolis Star - 50 minutes ago ALBUQUERQUE, NM -- President Bush on Wednesday declared, \"I know what I\u0027m doing when it comes to winning this war,\" in rebutting John Kerry\u0027s criticism of administration policy on Iraq. Bush camp challenging Kerry\u0027s vote Pioneer Press (subscription) Bush stumps behind Kerry in 3 key states of Southwest Baltimore Sun New York Times - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Boston Globe - and 319 related » World  »Seattle Post IntelligencerUS, Azeris Pledge Further Security Cooperation Reuters - 1 hour ago BAKU (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and the leader of the oil-rich Caucasus state of Azerbaijan pledged at talks on Thursday to continue cooperation on security issues. Rumsfeld thanks Azerbaijan president Seattle Post Intelligencer Rumsfeld makes surprise Afghan trip Baltimore Sun Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Bradenton Herald - Washington Times - and 319 related » New York TimesGerman 9/11 Retrial Gets Exculpatory Evidence From US New York Times - 8 hours ago UNICH, Aug. 11 - Imprisoned leaders of the Al Qaeda terrorist network told American authorities that Mounir el-Motassadeq was not involved in the plot to attack the United States in September 2001, according to evidence introduced in his ... Man On Trial In Germany Wasn\u0027t Aware Of 9/11 Plot: Al-Qaeda Suspects IndoLink Al-Qaida leaders distance Moroccan from 9/11 Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - The Scotsman - Reuters - Xinhua - and 393 related » ABC NewsMilitant bomber kills 2 Palestinians Pioneer Press (subscription) - 30 minutes ago JERUSALEM A Palestinian bomber detonated explosives 200 yards from a busy checkpoint at the northern edge of Jerusalem on Wednesday. The blast killed two Palestinian passersby and wounded about 20 people, including six Israeli ... Checkpoint bomb was intended for Jerusalem Seattle Times World Briefs Newsday Ha\u0027aretz - Gulf Daily News - Guardian - ABC News - and 373 related »Seattle Post IntelligencerNew York TimesABC News U.S.  »CNN InternationalSimultaneous Tropical Storms a Rarity Yahoo News - 15 minutes ago TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane or possibly two hurricanes could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen. One-two punch St. Petersburg Times Tropical storm puts Panhandle on guard Miami Herald (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Staunton News Leader - Greensboro News Record - Sun-Sentinel.com - and 1166 related » CNNSafe choice may not be best choice for CIA director Kinston Free Press - 1 hour ago Florida Republican Rep. Porter Goss, chosen by President Bush to head the CIA, is an insider who - for that reason - is entirely right or entirely wrong for the job, according to the reaction of Washington watchers following the Tuesday appointment. Can insider do the job? Santa Maria Times CIA nominee called too partisan Miami Herald (subscription) Newsday - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Norristown Times Herald - The Globe and Mail - and 1579 related » ABC NewsBush: I know how to win Iraq war Indianapolis Star - 50 minutes ago ALBUQUERQUE, NM -- President Bush on Wednesday declared, \"I know what I\u0027m doing when it comes to winning this war,\" in rebutting John Kerry\u0027s criticism of administration policy on Iraq. Bush camp challenging Kerry\u0027s vote Pioneer Press (subscription) Bush stumps behind Kerry in 3 key states of Southwest Baltimore Sun New York Times - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Boston Globe - and 319 related »CNN InternationalCNNABC News Business  » ABC NewsUS Oil Holds Near $45, Frets Over Iraq Reuters - 1 hour ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) - World oil prices stayed close to record levels on Thursday as disruptions in US and Iraqi output outweighed assurances by Saudi Arabia, the world\u0027s top exporter, that it could immediately add supply if needed. Oil price bouncing Calgary Sun Threats in Iraq Increase Oil Prices Los Angeles Times (subscription) Sify - Indianapolis Star - Washington Post - Al Jazeera - and 230 related » E-Commerce TimesPainting the Economy Into a Corner New York Times - 3 hours ago resident Bush reacted decisively to this month\u0027s shockingly bad employment report - by quickly changing the topic to terror. The Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan, also focused elsewhere, namely on rising oil prices. Mr. Greenspan used inflationary ... Bush Welcomes Fed\u0027s Move Washington Post Our Economy Doesn\u0027t Work New York Post Reuters - Forbes - China Daily - International Herald Tribune - and 1117 related » Enterprise Linux I.T.Why Can\u0027t We Get a Slimmer Windows XP? eWeek - 9 hours ago Opinion: In its attempt to battle Linux, the Redmond crew is delivering a cheaper Windows product that many enterprises would be happy to use right here in the States. Microsoft To Sell Cut-Rate Windows In Asia Information Week Cheaper version of Windows to be launched in Asian region eTaiwan News Forbes - InternetNews.com - International Herald Tribune - Indian Express - and 183 related »        Sci/Tech  » CIO TodayRescue Hubble Detroit Free Press - 3 hours ago It\u0027s keeping the astronauts grounded, but at least NASA hasn\u0027t given up on one of its most productive creations. Robot for Hubble Florida Today Nasa plans $1bn mission to rescue Hubble Guardian Christian Science Monitor - Kansas City Star (subscription) - TechNewsWorld - New York Times - and 281 related » CRM DailyComputer Q\u0026A: Microsoft upgrade focuses on security Pittsburgh Post Gazette - 4 hours ago The first major upgrade to Windows XP has been three years in the making; and now that it is out, it\u0027s bound to affect you. If you upgrade to the new Windows XP version, dubbed Service Pack 2, you\u0027ll find lots of security fixes and a few ... Edward C. Baig USA Today Microsoft lets companies block SP2 upgrade ZDNet.com CRN - eWeek - PC Magazine - ENT News - and 328 related » Scientific American (subscription)\u0027James Dean\u0027 of dinosaurs lived fast, died young The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago CALGARY -- During explosive teenaged growth spurts, Tyrannosaurus rex larded on almost 2.1 kilograms a day, but the ferocious carnivores didn\u0027t live to see their 30s, according to a new study. T. Rex \u0027Lived Fast and Died Young\u0027 NPR (audio) Teenage T. rex grew up fast Toronto Star Boston Globe - Tallahassee Democrat - Washington Post - Scientific American (subscription) - and 133 related » Business  »ABC NewsUS Oil Holds Near $45, Frets Over Iraq Reuters - 1 hour ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) - World oil prices stayed close to record levels on Thursday as disruptions in US and Iraqi output outweighed assurances by Saudi Arabia, the world\u0027s top exporter, that it could immediately add supply if needed. Oil price bouncing Calgary Sun Threats in Iraq Increase Oil Prices Los Angeles Times (subscription) Sify - Indianapolis Star - Washington Post - Al Jazeera - and 230 related » E-Commerce TimesPainting the Economy Into a Corner New York Times - 3 hours ago resident Bush reacted decisively to this month\u0027s shockingly bad employment report - by quickly changing the topic to terror. The Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan, also focused elsewhere, namely on rising oil prices. Mr. Greenspan used inflationary ... Bush Welcomes Fed\u0027s Move Washington Post Our Economy Doesn\u0027t Work New York Post Reuters - Forbes - China Daily - International Herald Tribune - and 1117 related » Enterprise Linux I.T.Why Can\u0027t We Get a Slimmer Windows XP? eWeek - 9 hours ago Opinion: In its attempt to battle Linux, the Redmond crew is delivering a cheaper Windows product that many enterprises would be happy to use right here in the States. Microsoft To Sell Cut-Rate Windows In Asia Information Week Cheaper version of Windows to be launched in Asian region eTaiwan News Forbes - InternetNews.com - International Herald Tribune - Indian Express - and 183 related »ABC NewsE-Commerce TimesEnterprise Linux I.T. Sci/Tech  »CIO TodayRescue Hubble Detroit Free Press - 3 hours ago It\u0027s keeping the astronauts grounded, but at least NASA hasn\u0027t given up on one of its most productive creations. Robot for Hubble Florida Today Nasa plans $1bn mission to rescue Hubble Guardian Christian Science Monitor - Kansas City Star (subscription) - TechNewsWorld - New York Times - and 281 related » CRM DailyComputer Q\u0026A: Microsoft upgrade focuses on security Pittsburgh Post Gazette - 4 hours ago The first major upgrade to Windows XP has been three years in the making; and now that it is out, it\u0027s bound to affect you. If you upgrade to the new Windows XP version, dubbed Service Pack 2, you\u0027ll find lots of security fixes and a few ... Edward C. Baig USA Today Microsoft lets companies block SP2 upgrade ZDNet.com CRN - eWeek - PC Magazine - ENT News - and 328 related » Scientific American (subscription)\u0027James Dean\u0027 of dinosaurs lived fast, died young The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago CALGARY -- During explosive teenaged growth spurts, Tyrannosaurus rex larded on almost 2.1 kilograms a day, but the ferocious carnivores didn\u0027t live to see their 30s, according to a new study. T. Rex \u0027Lived Fast and Died Young\u0027 NPR (audio) Teenage T. rex grew up fast Toronto Star Boston Globe - Tallahassee Democrat - Washington Post - Scientific American (subscription) - and 133 related »CIO TodayCRM DailyScientific American (subscription) Sports  » CNNKobe Bryant Accuser\u0027s Dad Says Judge Not Fair Reuters - 2 hours ago DENVER (Reuters) - Speaking out for the first time, the father of the woman who accuses Kobe Bryant of rape criticized the judge in the basketball star\u0027s upcoming trial on Thursday and said the family has \"lost trust\" that the woman will ... Shelve Kobe case New York Daily News Bryant Prosecutors Request Trial Delay Hartford Courant (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Press-Enterprise (subscription) - New York Times - and 1011 related » Tennis XInjured Serena staying at home Sun-Sentinel.com - 1 hour ago ATHENS, Greece · The US women\u0027s tennis team, expected to bring glory and gold to its country in the Athens Olympics, has instead brought doctors\u0027 pink slips. For the second consecutive day, a projected medalist called in sick. Another Withdrawal for Serena Williams New York Times 08/12: Olympic Notebook commercialappeal.com (subscription) Reuters - The Scotsman - Rediff - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 591 related » USA TodayTiger\u0027s turn to shine again Arizona Republic - 5 minutes ago In a recent preview of this week\u0027s PGA Championship, a Golf Channel commentator referred to Phil Mickelson as a \"swashbuckling gambler.\" ... Els having up-and-down season The Journal News.com At PGA, it\u0027s dire Straits New York Daily News Duluth News Tribune - Denver Post - USA Today - Newsday - and 495 related »        Entertainment  » andPOPStalker\u0027s lawyer: Zeta drives her mad Xinhua - 2 hours ago BEIJING, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- Dawnette Knight, 32, who is accused of making death threats towards the Oscar winning actress Catherine Zeta-Jones, must be examined in jail by Dr. Kal Sharma by Sept.15, Judge John Wiley ruled Tuesday. The psychiatrist ... Psychiatrist to Examine Zeta-Jones Stalker andPOP Hollywood News \u003e Zeta stalker asked to see a shrink!: New Kerala ABC News - Reuters - Big News Network.com - Ireland Online - and 197 related » ABC NewsFay Wray - Legendary Scream Queen Elites TV - 11 hours ago Her face alone may not be all that familiar. But when hear that famous scream elicited by her highly recognizable co-star, movie fans from generations old and new instantly recall her name -- Fay Wray. King Kong Heroine Fay Wray Dead at 96 antiMUSIC.com Actress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News Playbill.com - andPOP - Washington Post - Jamaica Observer - and 614 related » Pittsburgh Tribune-ReviewPinkett Smith enjoys her different roles Boston Globe - 2 hours ago She\u0027s got it made on the home front, with two kids and a handsome husband who\u0027s one of the most beloved movie stars on the planet. She\u0027s got it made professionally, having just opened in a big ... Tom Cruise The Villain Tops The Box Office with Collateral antiMUSIC.com Box Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters Guardian - People\u0027s Daily - Xinhua - News24 - and 78 related » Sports  »CNNKobe Bryant Accuser\u0027s Dad Says Judge Not Fair Reuters - 2 hours ago DENVER (Reuters) - Speaking out for the first time, the father of the woman who accuses Kobe Bryant of rape criticized the judge in the basketball star\u0027s upcoming trial on Thursday and said the family has \"lost trust\" that the woman will ... Shelve Kobe case New York Daily News Bryant Prosecutors Request Trial Delay Hartford Courant (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Press-Enterprise (subscription) - New York Times - and 1011 related » Tennis XInjured Serena staying at home Sun-Sentinel.com - 1 hour ago ATHENS, Greece · The US women\u0027s tennis team, expected to bring glory and gold to its country in the Athens Olympics, has instead brought doctors\u0027 pink slips. For the second consecutive day, a projected medalist called in sick. Another Withdrawal for Serena Williams New York Times 08/12: Olympic Notebook commercialappeal.com (subscription) Reuters - The Scotsman - Rediff - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 591 related » USA TodayTiger\u0027s turn to shine again Arizona Republic - 5 minutes ago In a recent preview of this week\u0027s PGA Championship, a Golf Channel commentator referred to Phil Mickelson as a \"swashbuckling gambler.\" ... Els having up-and-down season The Journal News.com At PGA, it\u0027s dire Straits New York Daily News Duluth News Tribune - Denver Post - USA Today - Newsday - and 495 related »CNNTennis XUSA Today Entertainment  »andPOPStalker\u0027s lawyer: Zeta drives her mad Xinhua - 2 hours ago BEIJING, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- Dawnette Knight, 32, who is accused of making death threats towards the Oscar winning actress Catherine Zeta-Jones, must be examined in jail by Dr. Kal Sharma by Sept.15, Judge John Wiley ruled Tuesday. The psychiatrist ... Psychiatrist to Examine Zeta-Jones Stalker andPOP Hollywood News \u003e Zeta stalker asked to see a shrink!: New Kerala ABC News - Reuters - Big News Network.com - Ireland Online - and 197 related » ABC NewsFay Wray - Legendary Scream Queen Elites TV - 11 hours ago Her face alone may not be all that familiar. But when hear that famous scream elicited by her highly recognizable co-star, movie fans from generations old and new instantly recall her name -- Fay Wray. King Kong Heroine Fay Wray Dead at 96 antiMUSIC.com Actress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News Playbill.com - andPOP - Washington Post - Jamaica Observer - and 614 related » Pittsburgh Tribune-ReviewPinkett Smith enjoys her different roles Boston Globe - 2 hours ago She\u0027s got it made on the home front, with two kids and a handsome husband who\u0027s one of the most beloved movie stars on the planet. She\u0027s got it made professionally, having just opened in a big ... Tom Cruise The Villain Tops The Box Office with Collateral antiMUSIC.com Box Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters Guardian - People\u0027s Daily - Xinhua - News24 - and 78 related »andPOPABC NewsPittsburgh Tribune-Review Health  » New York TimesBush stands behind Iraq plan Newsday - 50 minutes ago ALBUQUERQUE, NM - President George W. Bush yesterday pushed back against Democrat John Kerry\u0027s criticism of his handling of Iraq, saying, \"I know what I\u0027m doing when it comes to winning this war.\" ... Kerry Says Americans Reject Medicare Reforms NPR (audio) Kerry tells seniors he\u0027d allow drug imports from Canada Indianapolis Star Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - Washington Times - and 283 related » CBC NewsCPR bystanders essential Calgary Sun - 50 minutes ago TORONTO -- An Ontario study shows cardiopulmonary resuscitation by family members or bystanders could save hundreds more lives each year. The 10-year study, which involved data on more than 10,000 patients in 17 Ontario cities, looked at survival ... CPR still best hope of surviving a coronary, study finds The Globe and Mail CPR, defibrillators as good as medics USA Today Toronto Star - Reuters - Forbes - Quad City Times - and 16 related » Drugs to fight effects of dirty bombs OK\u0027d Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration approved two new products yesterday designed to help deal with the consequences of terrorists using dirty bombs. Washington In Brief Washington Post FDA OKs Drugs to Counter Radiation Attack Reuters WebMD - Health Talk - Miami Herald (subscription) - Forbes - and 165 related »        More Top Stories Quake-jolted Yunnan hungers for relief Xinhua - 5 minutes ago KUNMING, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- Quake-jolted Ludian county in southwest China\u0027s Yunnan province is in urgent need of relief funds, materials and medicines, said a local official Thursday. China Rushing Supplies to Quake Survivors Miami Herald (subscription) 125,000 homeless after quake The Australian Hindustan Times - The Age - Borneo Bulletin - China Daily - and 129 related » Moscow TimesGeorgia: No large-scale conflict Xinhua - 3 hours ago BEIJING, Aug.12 (Xinhuanet)-- Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili says neither the leadership of the country nor its people need a large-scale conflict. Three Killed In Shooting In South Ossetia Radio Free Europe Frequent flier pilots Georgia\u0027s diplomacy Messenger.ge MOSNEWS - RosBusinessConsulting - Christian Science Monitor - Channel News Asia - and 117 related » Calcutta TelegraphAl-Qaeda \u0027planning VIP killing\u0027 Dispatch Online - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON - Al-Qaeda is planning the assassination of a US or foreign leader to disrupt the US presidential election, the Washington Times said yesterday. Pakistan Nabs Five More Terror Suspects Miami Herald (subscription) Pak rings Osama plot alarm Calcutta Telegraph Hindustan Times - Christian Science Monitor - ABC News - Muslim American Society - and 326 related » Health  »New York TimesBush stands behind Iraq plan Newsday - 50 minutes ago ALBUQUERQUE, NM - President George W. Bush yesterday pushed back against Democrat John Kerry\u0027s criticism of his handling of Iraq, saying, \"I know what I\u0027m doing when it comes to winning this war.\" ... Kerry Says Americans Reject Medicare Reforms NPR (audio) Kerry tells seniors he\u0027d allow drug imports from Canada Indianapolis Star Boston Globe - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - Washington Times - and 283 related » CBC NewsCPR bystanders essential Calgary Sun - 50 minutes ago TORONTO -- An Ontario study shows cardiopulmonary resuscitation by family members or bystanders could save hundreds more lives each year. The 10-year study, which involved data on more than 10,000 patients in 17 Ontario cities, looked at survival ... CPR still best hope of surviving a coronary, study finds The Globe and Mail CPR, defibrillators as good as medics USA Today Toronto Star - Reuters - Forbes - Quad City Times - and 16 related » Drugs to fight effects of dirty bombs OK\u0027d Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration approved two new products yesterday designed to help deal with the consequences of terrorists using dirty bombs. Washington In Brief Washington Post FDA OKs Drugs to Counter Radiation Attack Reuters WebMD - Health Talk - Miami Herald (subscription) - Forbes - and 165 related »New York TimesCBC News More Top StoriesQuake-jolted Yunnan hungers for relief Xinhua - 5 minutes ago KUNMING, Aug. 12 (Xinhuanet) -- Quake-jolted Ludian county in southwest China\u0027s Yunnan province is in urgent need of relief funds, materials and medicines, said a local official Thursday. China Rushing Supplies to Quake Survivors Miami Herald (subscription) 125,000 homeless after quake The Australian Hindustan Times - The Age - Borneo Bulletin - China Daily - and 129 related » Moscow TimesGeorgia: No large-scale conflict Xinhua - 3 hours ago BEIJING, Aug.12 (Xinhuanet)-- Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili says neither the leadership of the country nor its people need a large-scale conflict. Three Killed In Shooting In South Ossetia Radio Free Europe Frequent flier pilots Georgia\u0027s diplomacy Messenger.ge MOSNEWS - RosBusinessConsulting - Christian Science Monitor - Channel News Asia - and 117 related » Calcutta TelegraphAl-Qaeda \u0027planning VIP killing\u0027 Dispatch Online - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON - Al-Qaeda is planning the assassination of a US or foreign leader to disrupt the US presidential election, the Washington Times said yesterday. Pakistan Nabs Five More Terror Suspects Miami Herald (subscription) Pak rings Osama plot alarm Calcutta Telegraph Hindustan Times - Christian Science Monitor - ABC News - Muslim American Society - and 326 related »Moscow TimesCalcutta Telegraph©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":25,"second":28},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
