{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 17 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 17 2003 2004 2005NOV DEC JAN172003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Web    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Search and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     XinhuaTurkey Pressed to Move on Cyprus for EU Deal Reuters - 1 hour ago The European Union spelled out tough conditions on Friday for Turkey to start membership talks next October ahead of final bargaining with the Turkish prime minister at a landmark summit. Turkey to get date with EU destiny NTV MSNBC Bullish Erdogan ‘optimistic and at ease’ Cyprus Mail BBC News - EUpolitix - ABC News - Turkish Press - all 716 related » San Diego Union TribuneAccounts may not be answer to questions about system USA Today - 50 minutes ago President Bush is selling private investment accounts, financed with a share of current payroll taxes, as a way to solve Social Security\u0027s long-range financing problems and benefit younger workers. Bush says to expect lean domestic budget Seattle Post Intelligencer Bush: Social Security now facing \u0027crisis\u0027 Bradenton Herald Allentown Morning Call - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Boston Globe - all 1,107 related »     RUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION RIA Novosti - all 735 related » What\u0027s all the fuss about desktop search? InfoWorld - all 152 related » Gambhir and Dravid take charge CricInfo.com - all 90 related » Carrey, Snicket pair perfectly Everett Herald - all 270 related » James Brown\u0027s Prostate Cancer Surgery A Success Health Talk - all 245 related » In The News  Osama bin Laden  David Blunkett  Time Warner  Home Secretary  Viktor Yushchenko  Pedro Martinez  Veritas Software  Tayyip Erdogan  Ole Miss  Donald Trump\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    XinhuaTurkey Pressed to Move on Cyprus for EU Deal Reuters - 1 hour ago The European Union spelled out tough conditions on Friday for Turkey to start membership talks next October ahead of final bargaining with the Turkish prime minister at a landmark summit. Turkey to get date with EU destiny NTV MSNBC Bullish Erdogan ‘optimistic and at ease’ Cyprus Mail BBC News - EUpolitix - ABC News - Turkish Press - all 716 related » San Diego Union TribuneAccounts may not be answer to questions about system USA Today - 50 minutes ago President Bush is selling private investment accounts, financed with a share of current payroll taxes, as a way to solve Social Security\u0027s long-range financing problems and benefit younger workers. Bush says to expect lean domestic budget Seattle Post Intelligencer Bush: Social Security now facing \u0027crisis\u0027 Bradenton Herald Allentown Morning Call - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Boston Globe - all 1,107 related »     RUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION RIA Novosti - all 735 related » What\u0027s all the fuss about desktop search? InfoWorld - all 152 related » Gambhir and Dravid take charge CricInfo.com - all 90 related » Carrey, Snicket pair perfectly Everett Herald - all 270 related » James Brown\u0027s Prostate Cancer Surgery A Success Health Talk - all 245 related » In The News  Osama bin Laden  David Blunkett  Time Warner  Home Secretary  Viktor Yushchenko  Pedro Martinez  Veritas Software  Tayyip Erdogan  Ole Miss  Donald TrumpXinhuaSan Diego Union TribuneRUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION RIA Novosti - all 735 related » What\u0027s all the fuss about desktop search? InfoWorld - all 152 related » Gambhir and Dravid take charge CricInfo.com - all 90 related » Carrey, Snicket pair perfectly Everett Herald - all 270 related » James Brown\u0027s Prostate Cancer Surgery A Success Health Talk - all 245 related »In The News Osama bin Laden  David Blunkett  Time Warner  Home Secretary  Viktor Yushchenko  Pedro Martinez  Veritas Software  Tayyip Erdogan  Ole Miss  Donald Trump  World  »     XinhuaExperts think bin Laden tape authentic WJRT - 1 hour ago (12/17/04)-- A newly released audio recording sounds like Osama bin Laden, and the intelligence community has \"high confidence\" that it is. New videotape by bin Laden warns Saudis of coming revolt The Globe and Mail (subscription) Bin Laden Urges Strikes on US, Allies in Mideast Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - London Free Press - Earthtimes.org - all 846 related » ITV.comLaw Lords Wrong on Terror Suspects, Says Straw The Scotsman - 31 minutes ago Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said today that the Law Lords were “simply wrong” to imply that terror suspects were being arbitrarily held without charge. British ruling prompts anti-terror law review The Globe and Mail (subscription) High Court Delivers Blow to British Anti-Terror Law Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - ITV.com - ABC News - The Mirror - all 326 related » AXcess NewsAnnan Backs UN Reform; Defends Mission of World Body PolitInfo.com - 56 minutes ago United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan says the organization is in need of reform, but remains the international community\u0027s best hope for facing global threats and challenges. Annan pledges cooperation in oil-for-food investigation Baltimore Sun (subscription) Annan Discusses Iraq With Powell Los Angeles Times (subscription) ABC News - The Hindu - USA Today - New York Times - all 431 related »          U.S.  »     TheDayUS obviously didn\u0027t do all it could to protect troops Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago This past week the headlines in the news fit together like the pieces of a puzzle. Each news story added another dimension to the emerging picture of war policy that is increasingly costly and incompetent. Too many mistakes St. Petersburg Times Arms reductions, troop increase eyed Boston Globe AZ Central.com - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Scripps Howard News Service - Orangeburg Times Democrat - all 206 related » China DailyWhite House says Bush committed to missile defense Xinhua - 10 hours ago The White House said Thursday that President George W. Bush remains \"firmly committed\" to a missile defense system, even though the first full flight test of the system in two years failed. Missile-defense system a hit-or-miss proposal The Republican Bush Reaffirms US Missile Defense Plans Wired News New York Times - Modesto Bee - TechNewsWorld - Sun-Sentinel.com - all 408 related » Skagit Valley HeraldFormer Secretary of State pushes for new vote Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Former Secretary of State Ralph Munro, a key supporter of Republican Dino Rossi during the contentious recounts in Washington\u0027s race for governor, says it may be time to toss out all of the votes and do the election over. Gregoire gains ground in count Everett Herald Gregoire trails by 74 with 3 counties left Seattle Post Intelligencer New York Times - WLUC-TV - San Francisco Chronicle - KING5.com (subscription) - all 403 related » World  »    XinhuaExperts think bin Laden tape authentic WJRT - 1 hour ago (12/17/04)-- A newly released audio recording sounds like Osama bin Laden, and the intelligence community has \"high confidence\" that it is. New videotape by bin Laden warns Saudis of coming revolt The Globe and Mail (subscription) Bin Laden Urges Strikes on US, Allies in Mideast Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - London Free Press - Earthtimes.org - all 846 related » ITV.comLaw Lords Wrong on Terror Suspects, Says Straw The Scotsman - 31 minutes ago Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said today that the Law Lords were “simply wrong” to imply that terror suspects were being arbitrarily held without charge. British ruling prompts anti-terror law review The Globe and Mail (subscription) High Court Delivers Blow to British Anti-Terror Law Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - ITV.com - ABC News - The Mirror - all 326 related » AXcess NewsAnnan Backs UN Reform; Defends Mission of World Body PolitInfo.com - 56 minutes ago United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan says the organization is in need of reform, but remains the international community\u0027s best hope for facing global threats and challenges. Annan pledges cooperation in oil-for-food investigation Baltimore Sun (subscription) Annan Discusses Iraq With Powell Los Angeles Times (subscription) ABC News - The Hindu - USA Today - New York Times - all 431 related »XinhuaITV.comAXcess News U.S.  »    TheDayUS obviously didn\u0027t do all it could to protect troops Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago This past week the headlines in the news fit together like the pieces of a puzzle. Each news story added another dimension to the emerging picture of war policy that is increasingly costly and incompetent. Too many mistakes St. Petersburg Times Arms reductions, troop increase eyed Boston Globe AZ Central.com - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Scripps Howard News Service - Orangeburg Times Democrat - all 206 related » China DailyWhite House says Bush committed to missile defense Xinhua - 10 hours ago The White House said Thursday that President George W. Bush remains \"firmly committed\" to a missile defense system, even though the first full flight test of the system in two years failed. Missile-defense system a hit-or-miss proposal The Republican Bush Reaffirms US Missile Defense Plans Wired News New York Times - Modesto Bee - TechNewsWorld - Sun-Sentinel.com - all 408 related » Skagit Valley HeraldFormer Secretary of State pushes for new vote Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Former Secretary of State Ralph Munro, a key supporter of Republican Dino Rossi during the contentious recounts in Washington\u0027s race for governor, says it may be time to toss out all of the votes and do the election over. Gregoire gains ground in count Everett Herald Gregoire trails by 74 with 3 counties left Seattle Post Intelligencer New York Times - WLUC-TV - San Francisco Chronicle - KING5.com (subscription) - all 403 related »TheDayChina DailySkagit Valley Herald Business  »     XinhuaRUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION RIA Novosti - 51 minutes ago MOSCOW, December 17 (RIA Novosti) - Yesterday, a Houston court started hearing Yukos\u0027s petition for bankruptcy. The company filed the petition to contest the December 19 auction of a 77% stake in its main ... Court orders halt to Yukos asset sale Mail \u0026 Guardian Online (subscription) Russia flouts US bar on Yukos auction The Times Reuters - Xinhua - CNN - Al-Jazeera.Net - all 735 related » E-Commerce TimesSymantec to buy Veritas in US$13.5 billion deal EastDay.com - 5 hours ago Computer security giant Symantec said Thursday it will buy storage program maker Veritas Software for US$13.5 billion in one of the world\u0027s largest software company mergers. Symantec Agrees to Buy Veritas Los Angeles Times (subscription) Symantec Acquisition Would Create Giant, But Hurdles Abound Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) New York Times - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - Reuters - all 624 related » CIO TodayGrowth was key to J\u0026J, Guidant deal Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago Guidant Corp.\u0027s 10-year run as one of Indiana\u0027s most successful public companies will end with a $25 billion sale to health products giant Johnson \u0026 Johnson. Merger might affect Cordis staff Miami Herald (subscription) Guidant purchase to be firm\u0027s biggest Press-Enterprise (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Boston Globe - Newark Star Ledger - Guardian - all 342 related »          Sci/Tech  »     E-Commerce TimesWhat\u0027s all the fuss about desktop search? InfoWorld - 9 hours ago Unless you live under a rock the size of Canada you\u0027ve heard or read something this week about desktop search. Google sparked considerable interest with its Desktop Search launch in October, and the past few ... Ask Jeeves launches desktop search application DMeurope.com Ask Jeeves Desktop Search (Beta) 1.7.0 PC Magazine p2pnet.net - eBCVG - WebProNews - Search Engine Watch - all 152 related » MacNewsWorldU2 iPods now in Malaysia The Malaysia Star - 54 minutes ago KUALA LUMPUR: If you’re still undecided on that long-contemplated iPod purchase, Apple Malaysia is hoping that its latest iterations - the iPod Photo and iPod U2 Special Edition ?ill help you make up your mind. Apple Sells 200 Million Songs on ITunes Reuters Apple Locks Out RealNetworks With iPod Update PC World New York Times - Forbes - ZDNet.com - Apple Insider - all 214 related » E-Commerce TimesMicrosoft makes Net security move by acquiring Giant USA Today - 28 minutes ago In a move to quell rising consumer frustrations, Microsoft on Thursday announced it has acquired Giant Company Software, maker of well-reviewed but little-used anti-spyware software, for an undisclosed sum. Microsoft buys anti-spyware company, Giant AXcess News Microsoft enters anti-spyware fray Seattle Post Intelligencer PC World - Motley Fool - Tampa Tribune - Information Week - all 145 related » Business  »    XinhuaRUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION RIA Novosti - 51 minutes ago MOSCOW, December 17 (RIA Novosti) - Yesterday, a Houston court started hearing Yukos\u0027s petition for bankruptcy. The company filed the petition to contest the December 19 auction of a 77% stake in its main ... Court orders halt to Yukos asset sale Mail \u0026 Guardian Online (subscription) Russia flouts US bar on Yukos auction The Times Reuters - Xinhua - CNN - Al-Jazeera.Net - all 735 related » E-Commerce TimesSymantec to buy Veritas in US$13.5 billion deal EastDay.com - 5 hours ago Computer security giant Symantec said Thursday it will buy storage program maker Veritas Software for US$13.5 billion in one of the world\u0027s largest software company mergers. Symantec Agrees to Buy Veritas Los Angeles Times (subscription) Symantec Acquisition Would Create Giant, But Hurdles Abound Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) New York Times - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - Reuters - all 624 related » CIO TodayGrowth was key to J\u0026J, Guidant deal Indianapolis Star - 1 hour ago Guidant Corp.\u0027s 10-year run as one of Indiana\u0027s most successful public companies will end with a $25 billion sale to health products giant Johnson \u0026 Johnson. Merger might affect Cordis staff Miami Herald (subscription) Guidant purchase to be firm\u0027s biggest Press-Enterprise (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Boston Globe - Newark Star Ledger - Guardian - all 342 related »XinhuaE-Commerce TimesCIO Today Sci/Tech  »    E-Commerce TimesWhat\u0027s all the fuss about desktop search? InfoWorld - 9 hours ago Unless you live under a rock the size of Canada you\u0027ve heard or read something this week about desktop search. Google sparked considerable interest with its Desktop Search launch in October, and the past few ... Ask Jeeves launches desktop search application DMeurope.com Ask Jeeves Desktop Search (Beta) 1.7.0 PC Magazine p2pnet.net - eBCVG - WebProNews - Search Engine Watch - all 152 related » MacNewsWorldU2 iPods now in Malaysia The Malaysia Star - 54 minutes ago KUALA LUMPUR: If you’re still undecided on that long-contemplated iPod purchase, Apple Malaysia is hoping that its latest iterations - the iPod Photo and iPod U2 Special Edition ?ill help you make up your mind. Apple Sells 200 Million Songs on ITunes Reuters Apple Locks Out RealNetworks With iPod Update PC World New York Times - Forbes - ZDNet.com - Apple Insider - all 214 related » E-Commerce TimesMicrosoft makes Net security move by acquiring Giant USA Today - 28 minutes ago In a move to quell rising consumer frustrations, Microsoft on Thursday announced it has acquired Giant Company Software, maker of well-reviewed but little-used anti-spyware software, for an undisclosed sum. Microsoft buys anti-spyware company, Giant AXcess News Microsoft enters anti-spyware fray Seattle Post Intelligencer PC World - Motley Fool - Tampa Tribune - Information Week - all 145 related »E-Commerce TimesMacNewsWorldE-Commerce Times Sports  »     BBC NewsGambhir and Dravid take charge CricInfo.com - 28 minutes ago The Indian plunder of Bangladesh\u0027s meagre bowling resources continued. After months of drought against more forceful attacks, India had little to fear at Chittagong Stadium. INDIA TAKE UPPER HAND sportinglife.com HIGHLIGHTS-Cricket-Hoggard dismisses Smith second ball Cricmania This is London - The Hindu - That\u0027s Cricket - Indo-Asian News Service (subscription) - all 90 related » Sydney Morning Herald (subscription)Tailenders hang on in Perth ABC Online - 41 minutes ago Pakistan tailenders Shoaib Akhtar (12 not out) and Mohammad Sami (4 not out) have kept Australia at bay in the final session of the first Test at the WACA this afternoon. Shoaib charged with misconduct Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) Pakistan crumble against Aussies This is London Reuters - CNN International - Bloomberg - Fox Sports - all 409 related » USA TodayMarion Jones wants BALCO founder to take lie detector USA Today - 2 hours ago Continuing efforts to clear her name that includes a $25 million lawsuit filed this week against Victor Conte, Olympic sprinter Marion Jones on Thursday challenged the Bay Area Laboratory ... Jones Asks Conte to Take Polygraph Test Washington Post Jones continues challenge of Conte\u0027s credibility Turkish Press Guardian - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Xinhua - all 637 related »          Entertainment  »     Bellingham HeraldCarrey, Snicket pair perfectly Everett Herald - 41 minutes ago Jim Carrey is totally in tune with the dark, weird world of \"Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events.\". It doesn\u0027t quite have the nerve to follow through on its setup, but \"Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series ... Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events __ Lemony ... The Tennessean Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events is a ... Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) OregonLive.com - Seattle Times - Detroit Free Press - The Globe and Mail (subscription) - all 270 related » MTV.comCORRECTED-Jackson to invite visitors to Neverland Reuters - 2 hours ago Please read headline as \"Michael Jackson to invite visitors to Neverland\" ... instead of ... \"Jackson to throw kids holiday party at Neverland\" and in first paragraph \"...open to a group of visitors on Friday.\". It\u0027s party time for kids at Jacko\u0027s Neverland Daily News (subscription) Jackson lawyer lambastes prosecution CNN Metro Toronto - MSNBC - WOKR-TV - Lompoc Record - all 359 related » Georgia StraightA lump of filmed coal Everett Herald - 41 minutes ago \u0027Spanglish\u0027 has all the trappings of a holiday movie, but it never finds a rhythm, its actors founder and it looks terrible. Can Adam Sandler Teach Us What It Means To Be a Man? New York Sun (subscription) Lost in translation OregonLive.com The Globe and Mail (subscription) - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Ventura County Star (subscription) - all 165 related » Sports  »    BBC NewsGambhir and Dravid take charge CricInfo.com - 28 minutes ago The Indian plunder of Bangladesh\u0027s meagre bowling resources continued. After months of drought against more forceful attacks, India had little to fear at Chittagong Stadium. INDIA TAKE UPPER HAND sportinglife.com HIGHLIGHTS-Cricket-Hoggard dismisses Smith second ball Cricmania This is London - The Hindu - That\u0027s Cricket - Indo-Asian News Service (subscription) - all 90 related » Sydney Morning Herald (subscription)Tailenders hang on in Perth ABC Online - 41 minutes ago Pakistan tailenders Shoaib Akhtar (12 not out) and Mohammad Sami (4 not out) have kept Australia at bay in the final session of the first Test at the WACA this afternoon. Shoaib charged with misconduct Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) Pakistan crumble against Aussies This is London Reuters - CNN International - Bloomberg - Fox Sports - all 409 related » USA TodayMarion Jones wants BALCO founder to take lie detector USA Today - 2 hours ago Continuing efforts to clear her name that includes a $25 million lawsuit filed this week against Victor Conte, Olympic sprinter Marion Jones on Thursday challenged the Bay Area Laboratory ... Jones Asks Conte to Take Polygraph Test Washington Post Jones continues challenge of Conte\u0027s credibility Turkish Press Guardian - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Xinhua - all 637 related »BBC NewsSydney Morning Herald (subscription)USA Today Entertainment  »    Bellingham HeraldCarrey, Snicket pair perfectly Everett Herald - 41 minutes ago Jim Carrey is totally in tune with the dark, weird world of \"Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events.\". It doesn\u0027t quite have the nerve to follow through on its setup, but \"Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series ... Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events __ Lemony ... The Tennessean Lemony Snicket\u0027s A Series of Unfortunate Events is a ... Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) OregonLive.com - Seattle Times - Detroit Free Press - The Globe and Mail (subscription) - all 270 related » MTV.comCORRECTED-Jackson to invite visitors to Neverland Reuters - 2 hours ago Please read headline as \"Michael Jackson to invite visitors to Neverland\" ... instead of ... \"Jackson to throw kids holiday party at Neverland\" and in first paragraph \"...open to a group of visitors on Friday.\". It\u0027s party time for kids at Jacko\u0027s Neverland Daily News (subscription) Jackson lawyer lambastes prosecution CNN Metro Toronto - MSNBC - WOKR-TV - Lompoc Record - all 359 related » Georgia StraightA lump of filmed coal Everett Herald - 41 minutes ago \u0027Spanglish\u0027 has all the trappings of a holiday movie, but it never finds a rhythm, its actors founder and it looks terrible. Can Adam Sandler Teach Us What It Means To Be a Man? New York Sun (subscription) Lost in translation OregonLive.com The Globe and Mail (subscription) - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Ventura County Star (subscription) - all 165 related »Bellingham HeraldMTV.comGeorgia Straight Health  »     KVUE (subscription)James Brown\u0027s Prostate Cancer Surgery A Success Health Talk - 8 hours ago The man they call the Godfather of Soul has been released from hospital after undergoing successful prostate cancer surgery. James Brown, 71, is expected to make a full recovery. Brown\u0027s Surgery a Success: Webindia123 Singer James Brown Released After Prostate Surgery Reuters ABC News - ITV.com - HealthCentral.com - Big News Network.com - all 245 related » Sci-Tech TodayFlu vaccine may end up going to waste in midstate Macon Telegraph - 1 hour ago Midstate health officials said Thursday that not enough high-risk people have signed up for flu vaccine, and they hope to avoid having a surplus. Some states fear flu-shot surplus Orlando Sentinel (subscription) Once-scarce flu shots could go to waste Cherry Hill Courier Post Bradenton Herald - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - DetNews.com - all 314 related » Capital News 9Drug approval process flawed NEWS.com.au - 1 hour ago THE US pharmaceutical industry that exports medicines around the world is facing further scrutiny after a survey revealed nearly one-fifth of its government overseers had experienced pressure to approve drugs about which they had reservations. Survey: FDA scientists question safety USA Today Some FDA Staff Had Drug Safety Concerns in 2002 Reuters Financial Times - Team India - Daily News Central - Washington Post - all 230 related »          More Top Stories     Sydney Morning Herald (subscription)Killer shark to be destroyed in Australia Reuters - 4 hours ago Australian police and wildlife officers have been ordered to destroy a large shark which killed a teenage surfer in a savage attack as his horrified schoolfriends looked on. Hunters pursue killer great white shark stalking Australian ... Channel News Asia Don\u0027t kill shark, pleads Dad The Age (subscription) BBC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Independent Online - The Australian - all 292 related » China DailyHope and risk in Middle East Denver Post - 1 hour ago The recent rhetoric from the Middle East - hopeful and constructive from both sides of the divide - provides a glimmer of hope that Palestinians and Israelis may agree on new and peaceful borders in the coming new year. \u0027WINDOW\u0027 FOR PEACE New York Post Sharon Predicts \u0027Breakthrough\u0027 in Ties With Palestinians New York Times Washington Post - San Francisco Chronicle - ABC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - all 610 related » BBC NewsAccusations of betrayal as Hoon cuts historic regiments Independent - 8 hours ago The Government unveiled the most sweeping set of Army reforms in recent history yesterday, triggering accusations of betrayal and hypocrisy. Everyone agrees the infantry is overstretched The Herald Regiments live to fight on another day ic Liverpool ITV.com - Yorkshire Post Today - Peeblesshire News - The Mirror - all 178 related » Health  »    KVUE (subscription)James Brown\u0027s Prostate Cancer Surgery A Success Health Talk - 8 hours ago The man they call the Godfather of Soul has been released from hospital after undergoing successful prostate cancer surgery. James Brown, 71, is expected to make a full recovery. Brown\u0027s Surgery a Success: Webindia123 Singer James Brown Released After Prostate Surgery Reuters ABC News - ITV.com - HealthCentral.com - Big News Network.com - all 245 related » Sci-Tech TodayFlu vaccine may end up going to waste in midstate Macon Telegraph - 1 hour ago Midstate health officials said Thursday that not enough high-risk people have signed up for flu vaccine, and they hope to avoid having a surplus. Some states fear flu-shot surplus Orlando Sentinel (subscription) Once-scarce flu shots could go to waste Cherry Hill Courier Post Bradenton Herald - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Indianapolis Star - DetNews.com - all 314 related » Capital News 9Drug approval process flawed NEWS.com.au - 1 hour ago THE US pharmaceutical industry that exports medicines around the world is facing further scrutiny after a survey revealed nearly one-fifth of its government overseers had experienced pressure to approve drugs about which they had reservations. Survey: FDA scientists question safety USA Today Some FDA Staff Had Drug Safety Concerns in 2002 Reuters Financial Times - Team India - Daily News Central - Washington Post - all 230 related »KVUE (subscription)Sci-Tech TodayCapital News 9 More Top Stories    Sydney Morning Herald (subscription)Killer shark to be destroyed in Australia Reuters - 4 hours ago Australian police and wildlife officers have been ordered to destroy a large shark which killed a teenage surfer in a savage attack as his horrified schoolfriends looked on. Hunters pursue killer great white shark stalking Australian ... Channel News Asia Don\u0027t kill shark, pleads Dad The Age (subscription) BBC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Independent Online - The Australian - all 292 related » China DailyHope and risk in Middle East Denver Post - 1 hour ago The recent rhetoric from the Middle East - hopeful and constructive from both sides of the divide - provides a glimmer of hope that Palestinians and Israelis may agree on new and peaceful borders in the coming new year. \u0027WINDOW\u0027 FOR PEACE New York Post Sharon Predicts \u0027Breakthrough\u0027 in Ties With Palestinians New York Times Washington Post - San Francisco Chronicle - ABC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - all 610 related » BBC NewsAccusations of betrayal as Hoon cuts historic regiments Independent - 8 hours ago The Government unveiled the most sweeping set of Army reforms in recent history yesterday, triggering accusations of betrayal and hypocrisy. Everyone agrees the infantry is overstretched The Herald Regiments live to fight on another day ic Liverpool ITV.com - Yorkshire Post Today - Peeblesshire News - The Mirror - all 178 related »Sydney Morning Herald (subscription)China DailyBBC News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":33,"second":30},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
