{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 16 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 16 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP162003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ITV.comConflict in Najaf Dominates Iraq Political Meet Reuters - 10 minutes ago BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi leaders met for a second day on Monday to pick an interim national assembly but fighting in Najaf dominated the event, piling pressure on Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to hold more talks with Shi\u0027ite rebels. Iraqi national assembly selection starts, stalls Lexington Herald Leader Journos Ordered Out Of Najaf; 110 Killed In Iraq IndoLink Miami Herald (subscription) - philly.com (subscription) - Boston Globe - ITV.com - and 2122 related » ReutersTurnout large for Venezuela recall Detroit Free Press - 30 minutes ago CARACAS, Venezuela -- Venezuelan voters turned out in massive numbers Sunday to cast ballots in an unprecedented recall referendum on President Hugo Chavez, some waiting outside polling stations for up to ... Recall vote doesn\u0027t end crisis Miami Herald (subscription) Venezuela: Voting centers postpone closing Xinhua Reuters - Toronto Star - Kentucky.com - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 922 related »     Oil futures hit record on supply fears Reuters - and 139 related » Business Technology: Bugaboos Or No, It Seems Microsoft\u0027s Fine Information Week - and 72 related » Singh captures 2nd PGA title in 3-way playoff Indianapolis Star - and 2124 related » Julia Child fully enjoyed the banquet of life USA Today - and 656 related » Taking Names Washington Times - and 176 related » In the News  Golan Cipel  Southwest Florida  Santa Barbara  Dick Cheney  Lake County  Pope John Paul  Europe and Asia  Punta Gorda  Sioux City  Julia Child\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ITV.comConflict in Najaf Dominates Iraq Political Meet Reuters - 10 minutes ago BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi leaders met for a second day on Monday to pick an interim national assembly but fighting in Najaf dominated the event, piling pressure on Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to hold more talks with Shi\u0027ite rebels. Iraqi national assembly selection starts, stalls Lexington Herald Leader Journos Ordered Out Of Najaf; 110 Killed In Iraq IndoLink Miami Herald (subscription) - philly.com (subscription) - Boston Globe - ITV.com - and 2122 related » ReutersTurnout large for Venezuela recall Detroit Free Press - 30 minutes ago CARACAS, Venezuela -- Venezuelan voters turned out in massive numbers Sunday to cast ballots in an unprecedented recall referendum on President Hugo Chavez, some waiting outside polling stations for up to ... Recall vote doesn\u0027t end crisis Miami Herald (subscription) Venezuela: Voting centers postpone closing Xinhua Reuters - Toronto Star - Kentucky.com - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 922 related »     Oil futures hit record on supply fears Reuters - and 139 related » Business Technology: Bugaboos Or No, It Seems Microsoft\u0027s Fine Information Week - and 72 related » Singh captures 2nd PGA title in 3-way playoff Indianapolis Star - and 2124 related » Julia Child fully enjoyed the banquet of life USA Today - and 656 related » Taking Names Washington Times - and 176 related » In the News  Golan Cipel  Southwest Florida  Santa Barbara  Dick Cheney  Lake County  Pope John Paul  Europe and Asia  Punta Gorda  Sioux City  Julia ChildITV.comReutersOil futures hit record on supply fears Reuters - and 139 related » Business Technology: Bugaboos Or No, It Seems Microsoft\u0027s Fine Information Week - and 72 related » Singh captures 2nd PGA title in 3-way playoff Indianapolis Star - and 2124 related » Julia Child fully enjoyed the banquet of life USA Today - and 656 related » Taking Names Washington Times - and 176 related »In the News Golan Cipel  Southwest Florida  Santa Barbara  Dick Cheney  Lake County  Pope John Paul  Europe and Asia  Punta Gorda  Sioux City  Julia Child  World  » Sky NewsIsrael Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike Reuters - 55 minutes ago JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it would barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their will. Palestinian prisoners begin hunger strike The Globe and Mail Palestinians Stage Hunger Strike Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - Jerusalem Post - Sky News - Guardian - and 252 related » ABC NewsBurundi closes border with Congo after massacre SABC News - 40 minutes ago Burundi has closed its border with the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) after more than 160 Tutsi Congolese refugees were killed at a camp in the west of the tiny central African country, the army said today. UN Council Condemns DR Congo Massacre IndoLink UN condemns massacre in Burundi The Globe and Mail Los Angeles Times (subscription) - The Hindu - New York Times - Xinhua - and 676 related » BBC NewsSudan refugees report new attacks BBC News - 35 minutes ago There has been an upsurge of Sudanese refugees fleeing across the border into Chad following reports of renewed violence in the Darfur region. Darfur horrors divide nations Canton Repository (subscription) Sudan against deployment of AU peacekeepers Xinhua Borneo Bulletin - New York Times - USA Today - The Globe and Mail - and 434 related »        U.S.  » USA TodayDamage, death toll rise in Fla. Lexington Herald Leader - 35 minutes ago PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Thousands homeless. Nearly 1 million without electricity. A preliminary damage estimate of as much as $11 billion just for insured homes. A rise in the death toll to 16. As Hurricane Charley fizzled ... Hurricane is just one more obstacle she must overcome Miami Herald (subscription) 16 confirmed dead as aid comforts survivors St. Petersburg Times USA Today - New York Post - The Globe and Mail - WJRT - and 3913 related » USA TodayUS to slash size of force in Europe The Globe and Mail - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush plans to unveil the most sweeping redeployment of US military forces in nearly 60 years today, a plan to bring home as many as 100,000 soldiers from Germany, South Korea and Japan. Bush to pull thousands of troops from Europe, Asia Miami Herald (subscription) Focus on terrorism to realign US troops USA Today Chosun Ilbo - MLive.com - Reuters - RTE Interactive - and 405 related » BBC NewsJackson set to make court visit BBC News - 30 minutes ago Pop superstar Michael Jackson is due to visit court on Monday for a pre-trial hearing in his child molestation case. Prosecutor pursuing charges against Jackson to take witness stand Kansas City Star (subscription) Court readies for Jackson appearance Santa Maria Times New York Post - ITV.com - WAVY-TV - ABC News - and 280 related » World  »Sky NewsIsrael Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike Reuters - 55 minutes ago JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it would barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their will. Palestinian prisoners begin hunger strike The Globe and Mail Palestinians Stage Hunger Strike Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - Jerusalem Post - Sky News - Guardian - and 252 related » ABC NewsBurundi closes border with Congo after massacre SABC News - 40 minutes ago Burundi has closed its border with the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) after more than 160 Tutsi Congolese refugees were killed at a camp in the west of the tiny central African country, the army said today. UN Council Condemns DR Congo Massacre IndoLink UN condemns massacre in Burundi The Globe and Mail Los Angeles Times (subscription) - The Hindu - New York Times - Xinhua - and 676 related » BBC NewsSudan refugees report new attacks BBC News - 35 minutes ago There has been an upsurge of Sudanese refugees fleeing across the border into Chad following reports of renewed violence in the Darfur region. Darfur horrors divide nations Canton Repository (subscription) Sudan against deployment of AU peacekeepers Xinhua Borneo Bulletin - New York Times - USA Today - The Globe and Mail - and 434 related »Sky NewsABC NewsBBC News U.S.  »USA TodayDamage, death toll rise in Fla. Lexington Herald Leader - 35 minutes ago PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Thousands homeless. Nearly 1 million without electricity. A preliminary damage estimate of as much as $11 billion just for insured homes. A rise in the death toll to 16. As Hurricane Charley fizzled ... Hurricane is just one more obstacle she must overcome Miami Herald (subscription) 16 confirmed dead as aid comforts survivors St. Petersburg Times USA Today - New York Post - The Globe and Mail - WJRT - and 3913 related » USA TodayUS to slash size of force in Europe The Globe and Mail - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush plans to unveil the most sweeping redeployment of US military forces in nearly 60 years today, a plan to bring home as many as 100,000 soldiers from Germany, South Korea and Japan. Bush to pull thousands of troops from Europe, Asia Miami Herald (subscription) Focus on terrorism to realign US troops USA Today Chosun Ilbo - MLive.com - Reuters - RTE Interactive - and 405 related » BBC NewsJackson set to make court visit BBC News - 30 minutes ago Pop superstar Michael Jackson is due to visit court on Monday for a pre-trial hearing in his child molestation case. Prosecutor pursuing charges against Jackson to take witness stand Kansas City Star (subscription) Court readies for Jackson appearance Santa Maria Times New York Post - ITV.com - WAVY-TV - ABC News - and 280 related »USA TodayUSA TodayBBC News Business  » ReutersOil futures hit record on supply fears Reuters - 1 hour ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude has hit a record $46.91 a barrel as worries over crude output from major producers Iraq and Venezuela heighten concern over stretched global supplies. Oil price heads for record $47 CNN International NYMEX crude at $46.85, a record high Sify Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Bloomberg - MSN Money - Xinhua - and 139 related » ABC NewsGoogle IPO won\u0027t be delayed by SEC USA Today - 50 minutes ago The Securities and Exchange Commission will not delay Google\u0027s initial public offering because of an interview with the company\u0027s two co-founders in Playboy magazine that may have violated \"quiet period\" rules, a person with ... Google\u0027s Playboy interview won\u0027t delay IPO Business Report Founders\u0027 Interview Clouds Google Share Auction DM News 123Jump (subscription) - BusinessWeek - Reuters - Moscow Times - and 720 related » Workers reject latest Caterpillar contract offer Miami Herald (subscription) - 20 minutes ago PEORIA, Ill. - Caterpillar Inc. workers rejected a proposed six-year contract, sending both sides back to the bargaining table to fashion new terms on health care costs and wages. Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer Reuters UAW workers reject latest Caterpillar contract offer DetNews.com Forbes - MLive.com - Peoria Journal Star - WQAD - and 193 related »        Sci/Tech  » TechNewsWorldBusiness Technology: Bugaboos Or No, It Seems Microsoft\u0027s Fine Information Week - 4 hours ago Microsoft makes its hacker-resistant, pop-up-blocking, firewall-protected operating system, Windows XP Service Pack 2, available for download this week, and you can almost hear the sigh of relief in Redmond. Barring any unforeseen usability ... Windows: Security Is Suddenly Job One BusinessWeek \u0027SP2\u0027 a Must For XP Users Washington Post Daily Times - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - PC World - CNET News.com - and 72 related » Telephone co-op plans to block incoming cell calls USA Today - 50 minutes ago WINTHROP, Iowa (AP) A small telephone cooperative plans to block incoming cell phone calls in an effort to get wireless companies to start paying for their use of local lines and equipment. Landline threatens mobile shut down The Inquirer Telephone co-op plans to block incoming cell phone calls WHO-TV KCRG - Iowa Channel.com - and 8 related » IBM Upgrades Modeling Tool Information Week - 4 hours ago IBM last week upgraded a software tool for modeling business processes with technology from a pair of acquisitions it made two years ago. IBM, Metastorm Beef Up BPM eWeek IBM adds to business process modeling tool Computerworld Australia Business  »ReutersOil futures hit record on supply fears Reuters - 1 hour ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude has hit a record $46.91 a barrel as worries over crude output from major producers Iraq and Venezuela heighten concern over stretched global supplies. Oil price heads for record $47 CNN International NYMEX crude at $46.85, a record high Sify Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Bloomberg - MSN Money - Xinhua - and 139 related » ABC NewsGoogle IPO won\u0027t be delayed by SEC USA Today - 50 minutes ago The Securities and Exchange Commission will not delay Google\u0027s initial public offering because of an interview with the company\u0027s two co-founders in Playboy magazine that may have violated \"quiet period\" rules, a person with ... Google\u0027s Playboy interview won\u0027t delay IPO Business Report Founders\u0027 Interview Clouds Google Share Auction DM News 123Jump (subscription) - BusinessWeek - Reuters - Moscow Times - and 720 related » Workers reject latest Caterpillar contract offer Miami Herald (subscription) - 20 minutes ago PEORIA, Ill. - Caterpillar Inc. workers rejected a proposed six-year contract, sending both sides back to the bargaining table to fashion new terms on health care costs and wages. Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer Reuters UAW workers reject latest Caterpillar contract offer DetNews.com Forbes - MLive.com - Peoria Journal Star - WQAD - and 193 related »ReutersABC News Sci/Tech  »TechNewsWorldBusiness Technology: Bugaboos Or No, It Seems Microsoft\u0027s Fine Information Week - 4 hours ago Microsoft makes its hacker-resistant, pop-up-blocking, firewall-protected operating system, Windows XP Service Pack 2, available for download this week, and you can almost hear the sigh of relief in Redmond. Barring any unforeseen usability ... Windows: Security Is Suddenly Job One BusinessWeek \u0027SP2\u0027 a Must For XP Users Washington Post Daily Times - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - PC World - CNET News.com - and 72 related » Telephone co-op plans to block incoming cell calls USA Today - 50 minutes ago WINTHROP, Iowa (AP) A small telephone cooperative plans to block incoming cell phone calls in an effort to get wireless companies to start paying for their use of local lines and equipment. Landline threatens mobile shut down The Inquirer Telephone co-op plans to block incoming cell phone calls WHO-TV KCRG - Iowa Channel.com - and 8 related » IBM Upgrades Modeling Tool Information Week - 4 hours ago IBM last week upgraded a software tool for modeling business processes with technology from a pair of acquisitions it made two years ago. IBM, Metastorm Beef Up BPM eWeek IBM adds to business process modeling tool Computerworld AustraliaTechNewsWorld Sports  » Indianapolis StarSingh captures 2nd PGA title in 3-way playoff Indianapolis Star - 20 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. -- Only four players went around Whistling Straits on Sunday without a single birdie in the final round. One of them won the golf tournament. DiMarco feels great despite near miss San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Singh rebounds to capture PGA Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Myrtle Beach Sun News - Boston Herald - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - and 2124 related » New York TimesPuerto Rico humiliates US men Arizona Republic - 25 minutes ago It wasn\u0027t the 2002 World Championships, when an NBA \"C\" team lost games to Argentina, Serbia-Montenegro and Spain and finished in sixth place. It wasn\u0027ta meaningless exhibition game like the one the United States lost by 17 points to Italy 13 days ago. Red, white and very blue Tacoma News Tribune US loses to Puerto Rico Hampton Roads Daily Press Indianapolis Star - Boston Herald - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) - and 600 related » San Diego Union TribunePhelps\u0027s quest for 8 golds goes under Boston Globe - 30 minutes ago ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder ... Down Under? No, still on top San Diego Union Tribune Olympic dream down the drain in pool Calgary Sun The Globe and Mail - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - London Free Press - The Casper Star Tribune - and 987 related »        Entertainment  » USA TodayJulia Child fully enjoyed the banquet of life USA Today - 4 hours ago Julia Child once declared that \"life itself is the proper binge,\" and for nearly a century she was insatiable. A hearty toast to the queen of cooking The Globe and Mail Editorial: The French Chef Press \u0026 Sun-Bulletin International Herald Tribune - Newsweek - TIME - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 656 related » USA Today\u0027AVP\u0027: A knockout USA Today - 4 hours ago Despite a PG-13 rating that angered fans of the R-rated original franchises, Alien vs. Predator took in a whopping $38.3 million this weekend, according to box office tracker Nielsen EDI. Duelling monsters gobble box-office competition The Globe and Mail \"Alien vs. Predator\" Beheads \"Princess\" E! Online CNN - 580 CFRA Radio - Calendar Live (subscription) - Bloomberg - and 198 related » CNNJackson\u0027s remark \"manhandled\" his credibility Xinhua - 15 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 16 (Xinhuanet) -- Jackson\u0027s remark during CBS\u0027 \"60 Minutes\" that he was \"manhandled very roughly\" when he was taken into custody on child molestation charges a month earlier was denied. Sources: Probe concludes Jackson not \u0027manhandled\u0027 CNN Brutality-claim investigation clears deputies Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription) ABC News - News 8 Austin - CTV - WISC - and 203 related » Sports  »Indianapolis StarSingh captures 2nd PGA title in 3-way playoff Indianapolis Star - 20 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. -- Only four players went around Whistling Straits on Sunday without a single birdie in the final round. One of them won the golf tournament. DiMarco feels great despite near miss San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Singh rebounds to capture PGA Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Myrtle Beach Sun News - Boston Herald - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - and 2124 related » New York TimesPuerto Rico humiliates US men Arizona Republic - 25 minutes ago It wasn\u0027t the 2002 World Championships, when an NBA \"C\" team lost games to Argentina, Serbia-Montenegro and Spain and finished in sixth place. It wasn\u0027ta meaningless exhibition game like the one the United States lost by 17 points to Italy 13 days ago. Red, white and very blue Tacoma News Tribune US loses to Puerto Rico Hampton Roads Daily Press Indianapolis Star - Boston Herald - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) - and 600 related » San Diego Union TribunePhelps\u0027s quest for 8 golds goes under Boston Globe - 30 minutes ago ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder ... Down Under? No, still on top San Diego Union Tribune Olympic dream down the drain in pool Calgary Sun The Globe and Mail - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - London Free Press - The Casper Star Tribune - and 987 related »Indianapolis StarNew York TimesSan Diego Union Tribune Entertainment  »USA TodayJulia Child fully enjoyed the banquet of life USA Today - 4 hours ago Julia Child once declared that \"life itself is the proper binge,\" and for nearly a century she was insatiable. A hearty toast to the queen of cooking The Globe and Mail Editorial: The French Chef Press \u0026 Sun-Bulletin International Herald Tribune - Newsweek - TIME - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 656 related » USA Today\u0027AVP\u0027: A knockout USA Today - 4 hours ago Despite a PG-13 rating that angered fans of the R-rated original franchises, Alien vs. Predator took in a whopping $38.3 million this weekend, according to box office tracker Nielsen EDI. Duelling monsters gobble box-office competition The Globe and Mail \"Alien vs. Predator\" Beheads \"Princess\" E! Online CNN - 580 CFRA Radio - Calendar Live (subscription) - Bloomberg - and 198 related » CNNJackson\u0027s remark \"manhandled\" his credibility Xinhua - 15 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 16 (Xinhuanet) -- Jackson\u0027s remark during CBS\u0027 \"60 Minutes\" that he was \"manhandled very roughly\" when he was taken into custody on child molestation charges a month earlier was denied. Sources: Probe concludes Jackson not \u0027manhandled\u0027 CNN Brutality-claim investigation clears deputies Santa Barbara News-Press (subscription) ABC News - News 8 Austin - CTV - WISC - and 203 related »USA TodayUSA TodayCNN Health  » Telegraph.co.ukTaking Names Washington Times - 3 hours ago Charlie Watts, the jazzman and drummer for the Rolling Stones, was reported to be making a good recovery following treatment for cancer of the throat. Rolling Stones drummer has cancer IAfrica South African News Stones drummer fighting cancer Guardian Telegraph.co.uk - Undercover Music News - KTOK - andPOP - and 176 related » Health care a sore point Toronto Star - 40 minutes ago An increasing number of Canadians is giving the country\u0027s health-care system a failing grade, according to an annual \"report card\" on health care done for the Canadian Medical Association. Worries increase over health care Calgary Sun Canadians growing disillusioned with health-care system: survey CBC Montreal The Globe and Mail - 580 CFRA Radio - London Free Press - Canada.com - and 14 related » NewsweekCan health savings accounts cure insurance blues? Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Dr. William Portuese, a Seattle facial plastic surgeon, recently trimmed thousands from his family\u0027s health-insurance premiums by switching to a plan with a $3,400 deductible. Health Savings Accounts rapidly gaining popularity Houston Chronicle More choice, at a cost Los Angeles Times (subscription) Newsweek - Bradenton Herald - AARP - News-Medical.net        More Top Stories Al-JazeeraDeputy governor says French-American journalist kidnapped in southern Iraq Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) A French-American journalist has been kidnapped in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the region\u0027s deputy governor said Monday. Report: Journalist seized in Iraq CNN International Al-Jazeera says French-American journalist kidnapped in southern Iraq KESQ Melbourne Herald Sun - Scotland on Sunday - Newsday - Al-Jazeera - and 77 related » ABC NewsMan called lover of NJ governor says he is straight Indianapolis Star - 20 minutes ago JERUSALEM -- The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Gov. James E. McGreevey\u0027s planned resignation over a gay affair said in an interview published Sunday that he is straight and initially had no idea his former boss is a homosexual. Man denies affair with NJ governor Miami Herald (subscription) NJ governor\u0027s ex-aide says McGreevey made repeated advances Kansas City Star (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Calgary Sun - Allentown Morning Call - New York Times - and 1456 related » CNN InternationalBombs Rock India On Independence Day New York Post - 25 minutes ago August 16, 2004 -- NEW DELHI A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in northeast India yesterday, killing at least 15 people, officials said. Around The World Detroit Free Press Toll at 15 in Parade Bombing in India Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - Washington Times - Xinhua - Pittsburgh Tribune-Review - and 284 related » Health  »Telegraph.co.ukTaking Names Washington Times - 3 hours ago Charlie Watts, the jazzman and drummer for the Rolling Stones, was reported to be making a good recovery following treatment for cancer of the throat. Rolling Stones drummer has cancer IAfrica South African News Stones drummer fighting cancer Guardian Telegraph.co.uk - Undercover Music News - KTOK - andPOP - and 176 related » Health care a sore point Toronto Star - 40 minutes ago An increasing number of Canadians is giving the country\u0027s health-care system a failing grade, according to an annual \"report card\" on health care done for the Canadian Medical Association. Worries increase over health care Calgary Sun Canadians growing disillusioned with health-care system: survey CBC Montreal The Globe and Mail - 580 CFRA Radio - London Free Press - Canada.com - and 14 related » NewsweekCan health savings accounts cure insurance blues? Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Dr. William Portuese, a Seattle facial plastic surgeon, recently trimmed thousands from his family\u0027s health-insurance premiums by switching to a plan with a $3,400 deductible. Health Savings Accounts rapidly gaining popularity Houston Chronicle More choice, at a cost Los Angeles Times (subscription) Newsweek - Bradenton Herald - AARP - News-Medical.netTelegraph.co.ukNewsweek More Top StoriesAl-JazeeraDeputy governor says French-American journalist kidnapped in southern Iraq Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) A French-American journalist has been kidnapped in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the region\u0027s deputy governor said Monday. Report: Journalist seized in Iraq CNN International Al-Jazeera says French-American journalist kidnapped in southern Iraq KESQ Melbourne Herald Sun - Scotland on Sunday - Newsday - Al-Jazeera - and 77 related » ABC NewsMan called lover of NJ governor says he is straight Indianapolis Star - 20 minutes ago JERUSALEM -- The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Gov. James E. McGreevey\u0027s planned resignation over a gay affair said in an interview published Sunday that he is straight and initially had no idea his former boss is a homosexual. Man denies affair with NJ governor Miami Herald (subscription) NJ governor\u0027s ex-aide says McGreevey made repeated advances Kansas City Star (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Calgary Sun - Allentown Morning Call - New York Times - and 1456 related » CNN InternationalBombs Rock India On Independence Day New York Post - 25 minutes ago August 16, 2004 -- NEW DELHI A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in northeast India yesterday, killing at least 15 people, officials said. Around The World Detroit Free Press Toll at 15 in Parade Bombing in India Los Angeles Times (subscription) London Free Press - Washington Times - Xinhua - Pittsburgh Tribune-Review - and 284 related »Al-JazeeraABC NewsCNN International©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":38,"second":43},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
