{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 22 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 22 2003 2004 2005OCT NOV DEC222003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Search and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     China DailyPartial returns give Yanukovych narrow lead in Ukrainian ... CBC News - 32 minutes ago Partial returns gave Ukraine\u0027s Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych a slim lead in the country\u0027s bitterly fought presidential run-off, but exit polls put his western-leaning challenger ahead. Rivals neck-and-neck in Ukraine election Russia Journal Ukrainians Fill Square in Kiev to Protest Election Results Bloomberg Pravda - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Reuters - Seattle Times - all 659 related » WCNC (subscription)Powell, on Mideast Mission, Urges End to Violence Reuters - 35 minutes ago Secretary of State Colin Powell called on Monday for an end to violence and urged Israel and the Palestinians to facilitate Palestinian elections as he sought to revive a long-dormant US peacemaking role. Powell to focus on Palestinian vote Seattle Times US pushes to revive peace process London Free Press Baltimore Sun (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Revolutionary Worker Online - AZ Central.com - all 723 related »     PeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle\u0027s bid Seattle Times - all 571 related » Swift roars to record the \"birth cries\" of black holes Xinhua - all 224 related » Pacers deserved severe penalty Indianapolis Star - all 3,131 related » \u0027Bob\u0027 squeezed by \u0027Treasure\u0027 Los Angeles Daily News - all 201 related » Concern about drug safety doesn\u0027t stop with Vioxx USA Today - all 606 related » In The News  Indiana Pacers  Lleyton Hewitt  Paris Club  Roger Federer  Andrew Hall  Kurt Busch  Yasser Arafat  Jayendra Saraswathi  Annika Sorenstam  Eli Manning\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    China DailyPartial returns give Yanukovych narrow lead in Ukrainian ... CBC News - 32 minutes ago Partial returns gave Ukraine\u0027s Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych a slim lead in the country\u0027s bitterly fought presidential run-off, but exit polls put his western-leaning challenger ahead. Rivals neck-and-neck in Ukraine election Russia Journal Ukrainians Fill Square in Kiev to Protest Election Results Bloomberg Pravda - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Reuters - Seattle Times - all 659 related » WCNC (subscription)Powell, on Mideast Mission, Urges End to Violence Reuters - 35 minutes ago Secretary of State Colin Powell called on Monday for an end to violence and urged Israel and the Palestinians to facilitate Palestinian elections as he sought to revive a long-dormant US peacemaking role. Powell to focus on Palestinian vote Seattle Times US pushes to revive peace process London Free Press Baltimore Sun (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Revolutionary Worker Online - AZ Central.com - all 723 related »     PeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle\u0027s bid Seattle Times - all 571 related » Swift roars to record the \"birth cries\" of black holes Xinhua - all 224 related » Pacers deserved severe penalty Indianapolis Star - all 3,131 related » \u0027Bob\u0027 squeezed by \u0027Treasure\u0027 Los Angeles Daily News - all 201 related » Concern about drug safety doesn\u0027t stop with Vioxx USA Today - all 606 related » In The News  Indiana Pacers  Lleyton Hewitt  Paris Club  Roger Federer  Andrew Hall  Kurt Busch  Yasser Arafat  Jayendra Saraswathi  Annika Sorenstam  Eli ManningChina DailyWCNC (subscription)PeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle\u0027s bid Seattle Times - all 571 related » Swift roars to record the \"birth cries\" of black holes Xinhua - all 224 related » Pacers deserved severe penalty Indianapolis Star - all 3,131 related » \u0027Bob\u0027 squeezed by \u0027Treasure\u0027 Los Angeles Daily News - all 201 related » Concern about drug safety doesn\u0027t stop with Vioxx USA Today - all 606 related »In The News Indiana Pacers  Lleyton Hewitt  Paris Club  Roger Federer  Andrew Hall  Kurt Busch  Yasser Arafat  Jayendra Saraswathi  Annika Sorenstam  Eli Manning  World  »     BBC NewsIran to suspend nuclear work News24 - 25 minutes ago Tehran - Iran on Monday will suspend its sensitive nuclear activities surrounding the enrichment of uranium, in accordance with an agreement reached with Britain, France and Germany, state television said. Iran says nuclear suspension to begin Monday Turkish Press Iran begins N-suspension from Monday onwards Sify NEWS.com.au - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Xinhua - all 608 related » XinhuaCreditors write off 80pc of Iraq\u0027s debt Business World - 29 minutes ago Four fifths of Iraq\u0027s foreign debts are to be written off, under a deal reached at the weekend. The country\u0027s interim government has been complaining that the level of its debt is hampering its reconstruction. Iraq welcomes creditors\u0027 decision to slash debt ABC Online Russia Agrees to Write Off Iraqi Debt to Paris Club MOSNEWS Euractiv - AINA - Sofia News Agency - USA Today - all 818 related » CTVNo man-made factors found in plane crash Xinhua - 33 minutes ago A team investigating the Baotou air crash says, so far no evidence indicates the crash was caused by man-made factors. The team says the flight-data recorders, or black boxes, aboard the plane have not yet been found. China plane \u0027flew like drunkard\u0027 BBC News Investigators rule out possibility of man-made destruction for air ... EastDay.com Washington Times - News24 - AVweb - Chosun Ilbo - all 450 related »        U.S.  »     WCNC (subscription)Bush Vows to Work for 9/11 Bill\u0027s Passage ABC News - 1 hour ago US President Bush answers questions during a joint news conference with Chilean President Ricardo Lagos at La Moneda palace in Santiago, Chile, Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004. 9/11 victims\u0027 families assail Congress Seattle Times Sept. 11 families outraged Miami Herald (subscription) Myrtle Beach Sun News - USA Today - Boston Globe - New York Times - all 792 related » CBS NewsFive hunters shot dead in Wisconsin WJRT - 42 minutes ago (11/22/04)-- New details are emerging about the deadly shootings of five deer hunters in Meteor, Wisconsin. The suspect, also a deer hunter, is from Minnesota. Hunters\u0027 dispute leaves five dead Kansas City Star (subscription) 5 SLAIN IN DEER-HUNTER FEUD New York Post CNN International - Houston Chronicle - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - WDJT - all 199 related » USA TodayPower Flush: A sedimental journey Salt Lake Tribune - 1 hour ago A great \"flush\" of the Colorado River began Sunday morning when four bypass tubes at the base of Glen Canyon Dam were slowly opened, shooting huge jets of water about 150 feet out into the river. Week\u0027s calendar Kentucky.com Grand Canyon Flooded to Restore Ecosystem Los Angeles Times (subscription) USA Today - Deseret News - Arizona Republic - NPR (audio) - all 235 related » World  »    BBC NewsIran to suspend nuclear work News24 - 25 minutes ago Tehran - Iran on Monday will suspend its sensitive nuclear activities surrounding the enrichment of uranium, in accordance with an agreement reached with Britain, France and Germany, state television said. Iran says nuclear suspension to begin Monday Turkish Press Iran begins N-suspension from Monday onwards Sify NEWS.com.au - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Xinhua - all 608 related » XinhuaCreditors write off 80pc of Iraq\u0027s debt Business World - 29 minutes ago Four fifths of Iraq\u0027s foreign debts are to be written off, under a deal reached at the weekend. The country\u0027s interim government has been complaining that the level of its debt is hampering its reconstruction. Iraq welcomes creditors\u0027 decision to slash debt ABC Online Russia Agrees to Write Off Iraqi Debt to Paris Club MOSNEWS Euractiv - AINA - Sofia News Agency - USA Today - all 818 related » CTVNo man-made factors found in plane crash Xinhua - 33 minutes ago A team investigating the Baotou air crash says, so far no evidence indicates the crash was caused by man-made factors. The team says the flight-data recorders, or black boxes, aboard the plane have not yet been found. China plane \u0027flew like drunkard\u0027 BBC News Investigators rule out possibility of man-made destruction for air ... EastDay.com Washington Times - News24 - AVweb - Chosun Ilbo - all 450 related »BBC NewsXinhuaCTV U.S.  »    WCNC (subscription)Bush Vows to Work for 9/11 Bill\u0027s Passage ABC News - 1 hour ago US President Bush answers questions during a joint news conference with Chilean President Ricardo Lagos at La Moneda palace in Santiago, Chile, Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004. 9/11 victims\u0027 families assail Congress Seattle Times Sept. 11 families outraged Miami Herald (subscription) Myrtle Beach Sun News - USA Today - Boston Globe - New York Times - all 792 related » CBS NewsFive hunters shot dead in Wisconsin WJRT - 42 minutes ago (11/22/04)-- New details are emerging about the deadly shootings of five deer hunters in Meteor, Wisconsin. The suspect, also a deer hunter, is from Minnesota. Hunters\u0027 dispute leaves five dead Kansas City Star (subscription) 5 SLAIN IN DEER-HUNTER FEUD New York Post CNN International - Houston Chronicle - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - WDJT - all 199 related » USA TodayPower Flush: A sedimental journey Salt Lake Tribune - 1 hour ago A great \"flush\" of the Colorado River began Sunday morning when four bypass tubes at the base of Glen Canyon Dam were slowly opened, shooting huge jets of water about 150 feet out into the river. Week\u0027s calendar Kentucky.com Grand Canyon Flooded to Restore Ecosystem Los Angeles Times (subscription) USA Today - Deseret News - Arizona Republic - NPR (audio) - all 235 related »WCNC (subscription)CBS NewsUSA Today Business  »     NewsFactor NetworkPeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle\u0027s bid Seattle Times - 58 minutes ago SAN FRANCISCO - Business-software maker PeopleSoft said Saturday its board had again unanimously rejected Oracle\u0027s $9.2 billion tender offer as inadequate, a day after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shares were tendered to Oracle. For Oracle, Winning a War May Be Only Half the Battle Los Angeles Times (subscription) Oracle Will Take Its Quest Back to Court New York Times BusinessWeek - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - all 571 related » ServihooUS and Europe play blame game over dollar RTE News - 1 hour ago Europe and the US kept up a war of words over the sliding US dollar at a G20 meeting of rich and developing nations over the weekend, blaming each other for the currency\u0027s fall and avoiding new steps or rhetoric to halt it. No deal on dollar as US shrugs off European pressure Independent Weak dollar under pressure after G20 offers no support Turkish Press Business Day, South Africa - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Xinhua - all 198 related » Financial TimesXstrata makes new bid for Australia WMC Reuters - 1 hour ago Swiss-based miner Xstrata says it will take its A$7.4 billion (3.1 billion pound) bid for Australia\u0027s WMC Resources directly to the company\u0027s shareholders, effectively making a hostile bid after WMC\u0027s management rejected its offer ... WMC Resources Says Xstrata Bid Materially Inadequate Yahoo News Xstrata takes WMC offer to shareholders The Age (subscription) Bloomberg - CBS MarketWatch - Turkish Press - Financial Times - all 22 related »        Sci/Tech  »     XinhuaSwift roars to record the \"birth cries\" of black holes Xinhua - 3 hours ago Nasa\u0027s fastest-swivelling space probe ever built -- Swift -- roared into the orbit aiming to explore the violent celestial explosions which may bestow black holes the birth cries. Swift takes off PhysicsWeb.org Spinning space probe to record the \u0027birth cries\u0027 of black holes Independent Indian Express - Centre Daily Times - PhysOrg.com - Special Broadcasting Service - all 224 related » WorldNetDailyOutrage over JFK slay video game Boston Herald - 36 minutes ago A British firm seeking to capitalize on the anniversary of President John F. Kennedy\u0027s murder today is issuing ``JFK Reloaded,\u0027\u0027 a purportedly educational ``docu-game\u0027\u0027 that lets players ... Internet game allows players to recreate JFK\u0027s assassination Kansas City Star (subscription) New Video Game Lets You Kill JFK addict3d.org Houston Chronicle - Topeka Capital Journal - Providence Journal (subscription) - KPHO Phoenix - all 156 related » USA TodayNintendo DS: Doubly good USA Today - 2 hours ago short for \"Dual Screen\" ?* * 1/2 out of four, $150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on. Playing Games in Your 20\u0027s? Nintendo Is Onto You New York Times Nintendo handheld targeted beyond kids San Antonio Express (subscription) Chicago Tribune (subscription) - PC World - CNN - Bloomberg - all 36 related » Business  »    NewsFactor NetworkPeopleSoft board once again spurns Oracle\u0027s bid Seattle Times - 58 minutes ago SAN FRANCISCO - Business-software maker PeopleSoft said Saturday its board had again unanimously rejected Oracle\u0027s $9.2 billion tender offer as inadequate, a day after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shares were tendered to Oracle. For Oracle, Winning a War May Be Only Half the Battle Los Angeles Times (subscription) Oracle Will Take Its Quest Back to Court New York Times BusinessWeek - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - Forbes - International Herald Tribune - all 571 related » ServihooUS and Europe play blame game over dollar RTE News - 1 hour ago Europe and the US kept up a war of words over the sliding US dollar at a G20 meeting of rich and developing nations over the weekend, blaming each other for the currency\u0027s fall and avoiding new steps or rhetoric to halt it. No deal on dollar as US shrugs off European pressure Independent Weak dollar under pressure after G20 offers no support Turkish Press Business Day, South Africa - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Xinhua - all 198 related » Financial TimesXstrata makes new bid for Australia WMC Reuters - 1 hour ago Swiss-based miner Xstrata says it will take its A$7.4 billion (3.1 billion pound) bid for Australia\u0027s WMC Resources directly to the company\u0027s shareholders, effectively making a hostile bid after WMC\u0027s management rejected its offer ... WMC Resources Says Xstrata Bid Materially Inadequate Yahoo News Xstrata takes WMC offer to shareholders The Age (subscription) Bloomberg - CBS MarketWatch - Turkish Press - Financial Times - all 22 related »NewsFactor NetworkServihooFinancial Times Sci/Tech  »    XinhuaSwift roars to record the \"birth cries\" of black holes Xinhua - 3 hours ago Nasa\u0027s fastest-swivelling space probe ever built -- Swift -- roared into the orbit aiming to explore the violent celestial explosions which may bestow black holes the birth cries. Swift takes off PhysicsWeb.org Spinning space probe to record the \u0027birth cries\u0027 of black holes Independent Indian Express - Centre Daily Times - PhysOrg.com - Special Broadcasting Service - all 224 related » WorldNetDailyOutrage over JFK slay video game Boston Herald - 36 minutes ago A British firm seeking to capitalize on the anniversary of President John F. Kennedy\u0027s murder today is issuing ``JFK Reloaded,\u0027\u0027 a purportedly educational ``docu-game\u0027\u0027 that lets players ... Internet game allows players to recreate JFK\u0027s assassination Kansas City Star (subscription) New Video Game Lets You Kill JFK addict3d.org Houston Chronicle - Topeka Capital Journal - Providence Journal (subscription) - KPHO Phoenix - all 156 related » USA TodayNintendo DS: Doubly good USA Today - 2 hours ago short for \"Dual Screen\" ?* * 1/2 out of four, $150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on. Playing Games in Your 20\u0027s? Nintendo Is Onto You New York Times Nintendo handheld targeted beyond kids San Antonio Express (subscription) Chicago Tribune (subscription) - PC World - CNN - Bloomberg - all 36 related »XinhuaWorldNetDailyUSA Today Sports  »     Deseret NewsPacers deserved severe penalty Indianapolis Star - 44 minutes ago Our position is: NBA commissioner sent a necessary message to the players that their behavior was unacceptable. NBA Commissioner David Stern has handed the Indiana Pacers a severe but warranted penalty for ... Stern states his case with hard time ESPN Pacers Artest out for the season WJRT USA Today - News-Herald.com - Ventura County Star (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 3,131 related » XinhuaFederer defends Master Cup with 13th victory San Francisco Chronicle - 27 minutes ago Roger Federer started the week recuperating from a torn thigh muscle and ended it with a strong hold on the No. 1 ranking. The top-seeded Federer won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Lleyton Hewitt ... Roger Federer wins record 13th final in a row Seattle Times Federer captures title over Hewitt Miami Herald (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - China Daily - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Daily News - all 803 related » South Bend TribuneBusch pulls out Cup title Seattle Times - 1 hour ago When his right-front tire went flying off early in the Ford 400, the final race of the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season, Kurt Busch, it seemed, was destined to spend his offseason ... Johnson\u0027s rally comes up .342 seconds short St. Petersburg Times King of the road Miami Herald (subscription) The State - Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - Sun-Sentinel.com - Allentown Morning Call - all 1,185 related »        Entertainment  »     National Post\u0027Bob\u0027 squeezed by \u0027Treasure\u0027 Los Angeles Daily News - 1 hour ago Nicolas Cage and producer Jerry Bruckheimer dampened the feature film debut of a cartoon sponge as their action-adventure movie \"National Treasure\" edged out \"The SpongeBob ... National treasure may be Cage\u0027s comeback The Globe and Mail (subscription) \"National Treasure\" debuts atop N. America box office EastDay.com USA Today - New York Times - Reuters - Calendar Live (subscription) - all 201 related » Man hurt keeping his tiger from teen Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. - The owner of a wildlife sanctuary was injured by a 350-pound Siberian tiger that was startled by a 14-year-old boy at a county fair, officials said Sunday. Tiger attacks handler, teen Miami Herald (subscription) Startled at county fair, tiger mauls owner Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - KTVO - WCJB - WJXX - all 212 related » Rockdale CitizenGraham revival sees large crowd Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago More than 80,000 people gathered in the Rose Bowl on Sunday to hear the Rev. Billy Graham preach on the last day of what probably was one of his final crusades. Over 80,000 Attend Final Night of LA Graham Crusade Christian Post \u0027He\u0027s such a miracle of God\u0027 Press-Enterprise (subscription) WAFF - The Scotsman - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 261 related » Sports  »    Deseret NewsPacers deserved severe penalty Indianapolis Star - 44 minutes ago Our position is: NBA commissioner sent a necessary message to the players that their behavior was unacceptable. NBA Commissioner David Stern has handed the Indiana Pacers a severe but warranted penalty for ... Stern states his case with hard time ESPN Pacers Artest out for the season WJRT USA Today - News-Herald.com - Ventura County Star (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 3,131 related » XinhuaFederer defends Master Cup with 13th victory San Francisco Chronicle - 27 minutes ago Roger Federer started the week recuperating from a torn thigh muscle and ended it with a strong hold on the No. 1 ranking. The top-seeded Federer won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Lleyton Hewitt ... Roger Federer wins record 13th final in a row Seattle Times Federer captures title over Hewitt Miami Herald (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - China Daily - Boston Globe - Los Angeles Daily News - all 803 related » South Bend TribuneBusch pulls out Cup title Seattle Times - 1 hour ago When his right-front tire went flying off early in the Ford 400, the final race of the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season, Kurt Busch, it seemed, was destined to spend his offseason ... Johnson\u0027s rally comes up .342 seconds short St. Petersburg Times King of the road Miami Herald (subscription) The State - Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - Sun-Sentinel.com - Allentown Morning Call - all 1,185 related »Deseret NewsXinhuaSouth Bend Tribune Entertainment  »    National Post\u0027Bob\u0027 squeezed by \u0027Treasure\u0027 Los Angeles Daily News - 1 hour ago Nicolas Cage and producer Jerry Bruckheimer dampened the feature film debut of a cartoon sponge as their action-adventure movie \"National Treasure\" edged out \"The SpongeBob ... National treasure may be Cage\u0027s comeback The Globe and Mail (subscription) \"National Treasure\" debuts atop N. America box office EastDay.com USA Today - New York Times - Reuters - Calendar Live (subscription) - all 201 related » Man hurt keeping his tiger from teen Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. - The owner of a wildlife sanctuary was injured by a 350-pound Siberian tiger that was startled by a 14-year-old boy at a county fair, officials said Sunday. Tiger attacks handler, teen Miami Herald (subscription) Startled at county fair, tiger mauls owner Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - KTVO - WCJB - WJXX - all 212 related » Rockdale CitizenGraham revival sees large crowd Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago More than 80,000 people gathered in the Rose Bowl on Sunday to hear the Rev. Billy Graham preach on the last day of what probably was one of his final crusades. Over 80,000 Attend Final Night of LA Graham Crusade Christian Post \u0027He\u0027s such a miracle of God\u0027 Press-Enterprise (subscription) WAFF - The Scotsman - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 261 related »National PostRockdale Citizen Health  »     Albany Times UnionConcern about drug safety doesn\u0027t stop with Vioxx USA Today - 2 hours ago Doctors have been taking calls from anxious patients ever since a Senate hearing on Vioxx last week at which an FDA scientist expressed concerns about the safety of five other drugs on the market. FDA foot-dragging endangers our health Greensboro News Record The Vioxx scandal: damning Senate testimony reveals drug company ... World Socialist Medical News Today - New York Times - Chicago Sun Times - Forbes - all 606 related » Obesity tied to increased risk for dozens of conditions EurekAlert - 4 hours ago Highly obese women are 12 times more likely to have diabetes or knee replacement surgery, and five times more likely to have high blood pressure than women who are at a normal weight, says a new study. Debilitating conditions, obesity go hand in hand Seattle Post Intelligencer Study links extra pounds to more disease The Globe and Mail (subscription) all 3 related » Philippines says no outbreak of meningococcemia Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Philippine Palace officials on Monday declared that there is no outbreak of meningococcemia, saying the reported cases of the disease have been contained. Health expert says no cause for alarm on meningococcemia (1:40 pm) Sun Star Meningococcemia affecting Baguio tourism, says mayor ABS CBN News Philippine Daily Inquirer - Manila Times - Philippine Star - Manila Bulletin - all 20 related »        More Top Stories     XinhuaChina Iron Mine Fire Death Toll Rises to 57 Reuters - 35 minutes ago The death toll from a fire that swept through an iron mine complex in the northern Chinese province of Hebei rose to 57, with three miners still missing, Xinhua news agency said on Monday. 57 Miners Killed in China Fire Los Angeles Times (subscription) 57 die in China mine disaster RTE Interactive Kansas City Star (subscription) - IAfrica South African News - Team India - Xinhua - all 142 related » XinhuaAPEC shows power as primary regional forum Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) has shown again its power as the primary economic forum in the Pacific Rim, as 21 top leaders from its member economies ... Terrorism and health high at the top in Chile\u0027s APEC agenda Pravda APEC takes pass on plan to create pan-Pacific trade bloc The Globe and Mail (subscription) Boston Globe - Korea Times - ITAR-TASS - Reuters - all 405 related » Pakistan TimesPakistan\u0027s Prime Minister Aziz Makes His First Visit to India Bloomberg - 10 hours ago Pakistan\u0027s Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz makes his first visit to India today for talks to improve ties after verbal sparring last week between the two countries over Kashmir and the purchase of arms by Pakistan. Breaking the Kashmir Impasse Los Angeles Times (subscription) Pak PM to visit India tomorrow Times of India Indian Express - Keralanext - ABC Online - IndoLink - all 238 related » Health  »    Albany Times UnionConcern about drug safety doesn\u0027t stop with Vioxx USA Today - 2 hours ago Doctors have been taking calls from anxious patients ever since a Senate hearing on Vioxx last week at which an FDA scientist expressed concerns about the safety of five other drugs on the market. FDA foot-dragging endangers our health Greensboro News Record The Vioxx scandal: damning Senate testimony reveals drug company ... World Socialist Medical News Today - New York Times - Chicago Sun Times - Forbes - all 606 related » Obesity tied to increased risk for dozens of conditions EurekAlert - 4 hours ago Highly obese women are 12 times more likely to have diabetes or knee replacement surgery, and five times more likely to have high blood pressure than women who are at a normal weight, says a new study. Debilitating conditions, obesity go hand in hand Seattle Post Intelligencer Study links extra pounds to more disease The Globe and Mail (subscription) all 3 related » Philippines says no outbreak of meningococcemia Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Philippine Palace officials on Monday declared that there is no outbreak of meningococcemia, saying the reported cases of the disease have been contained. Health expert says no cause for alarm on meningococcemia (1:40 pm) Sun Star Meningococcemia affecting Baguio tourism, says mayor ABS CBN News Philippine Daily Inquirer - Manila Times - Philippine Star - Manila Bulletin - all 20 related »Albany Times Union More Top Stories    XinhuaChina Iron Mine Fire Death Toll Rises to 57 Reuters - 35 minutes ago The death toll from a fire that swept through an iron mine complex in the northern Chinese province of Hebei rose to 57, with three miners still missing, Xinhua news agency said on Monday. 57 Miners Killed in China Fire Los Angeles Times (subscription) 57 die in China mine disaster RTE Interactive Kansas City Star (subscription) - IAfrica South African News - Team India - Xinhua - all 142 related » XinhuaAPEC shows power as primary regional forum Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) has shown again its power as the primary economic forum in the Pacific Rim, as 21 top leaders from its member economies ... Terrorism and health high at the top in Chile\u0027s APEC agenda Pravda APEC takes pass on plan to create pan-Pacific trade bloc The Globe and Mail (subscription) Boston Globe - Korea Times - ITAR-TASS - Reuters - all 405 related » Pakistan TimesPakistan\u0027s Prime Minister Aziz Makes His First Visit to India Bloomberg - 10 hours ago Pakistan\u0027s Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz makes his first visit to India today for talks to improve ties after verbal sparring last week between the two countries over Kashmir and the purchase of arms by Pakistan. Breaking the Kashmir Impasse Los Angeles Times (subscription) Pak PM to visit India tomorrow Times of India Indian Express - Keralanext - ABC Online - IndoLink - all 238 related »XinhuaXinhuaPakistan Times©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":49,"second":30},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
