{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC FEB MAR 5 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC FEB MAR 5 2003 2004 2005DEC FEB MAR52003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16  Web   Images   Groups   Directory   News    Advanced Search  Web   Images   Groups   Directory   News    Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   Houston ChronicleFor some fund-raisers, it\u0027s a short distance between Kerry and Edwards San Francisco Chronicle - 15 minutes ago California lawyer Bruce Brusavich likes Democratic presidential hopefuls John Kerry and John Edwards so much he is helping throw fund-raisers for each about four miles apart on the same night. Southern Fried Illusions Washington Post Kerry\u0027s wins force rivals into desperation mode Newark Star Ledger Boston Globe - Yale Daily News - The Free Lance-Star - GoMemphis.com - and 2770 related » BBC NewsScientist Confesses on TV to Selling Nuclear Secrets Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 4 hours ago ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Abdul Qadeer Khan, the father of Pakistan\u0027s atomic bomb, confessed in a televised address Wednesday to illegally passing nuclear weapons secrets to other countries and begged ... Forgive me, Khan says to Musharraf Gulf News Pak Puts Qadeer Khan, Six Other Suspect N-Scientists Under Detention IndoLink ABC Online - Guardian - Pakistan Link - Pakistan News Service - and 999 related »     Nasdaq drops 2.5% Dallas Morning News (subscription) - and 292 related » While Trying to Fix Flaws, NASA Surveys Rovers\u0027 Work New York Times - and 494 related » Knight\u0027s tale? Lots of blame to go around Houston Chronicle - and 828 related » Janet\u0027s breast sets Web search record Toronto Star - and 2414 related » Female heart health guidelines rewritten San Antonio Express - and 46 related » In the News  South Carolina  Bill Frist  Coast Guard  Kobe Bryant  Social Security  Police Chief  Health Care  George Bush  John Kerry  Howard Dean\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  Houston ChronicleFor some fund-raisers, it\u0027s a short distance between Kerry and Edwards San Francisco Chronicle - 15 minutes ago California lawyer Bruce Brusavich likes Democratic presidential hopefuls John Kerry and John Edwards so much he is helping throw fund-raisers for each about four miles apart on the same night. Southern Fried Illusions Washington Post Kerry\u0027s wins force rivals into desperation mode Newark Star Ledger Boston Globe - Yale Daily News - The Free Lance-Star - GoMemphis.com - and 2770 related » BBC NewsScientist Confesses on TV to Selling Nuclear Secrets Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 4 hours ago ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Abdul Qadeer Khan, the father of Pakistan\u0027s atomic bomb, confessed in a televised address Wednesday to illegally passing nuclear weapons secrets to other countries and begged ... Forgive me, Khan says to Musharraf Gulf News Pak Puts Qadeer Khan, Six Other Suspect N-Scientists Under Detention IndoLink ABC Online - Guardian - Pakistan Link - Pakistan News Service - and 999 related »     Nasdaq drops 2.5% Dallas Morning News (subscription) - and 292 related » While Trying to Fix Flaws, NASA Surveys Rovers\u0027 Work New York Times - and 494 related » Knight\u0027s tale? Lots of blame to go around Houston Chronicle - and 828 related » Janet\u0027s breast sets Web search record Toronto Star - and 2414 related » Female heart health guidelines rewritten San Antonio Express - and 46 related » In the News  South Carolina  Bill Frist  Coast Guard  Kobe Bryant  Social Security  Police Chief  Health Care  George Bush  John Kerry  Howard DeanHouston ChronicleBBC NewsNasdaq drops 2.5% Dallas Morning News (subscription) - and 292 related » While Trying to Fix Flaws, NASA Surveys Rovers\u0027 Work New York Times - and 494 related » Knight\u0027s tale? Lots of blame to go around Houston Chronicle - and 828 related » Janet\u0027s breast sets Web search record Toronto Star - and 2414 related » Female heart health guidelines rewritten San Antonio Express - and 46 related »In the News South Carolina  Bill Frist  Coast Guard  Kobe Bryant  Social Security  Police Chief  Health Care  George Bush  John Kerry  Howard Dean  World  » BBC NewsSharon faces police interrogation over bribery scandal San Francisco Chronicle - 15 minutes ago Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced police interrogation in a bribery case that could force his resignation amid criticism that his plan to remove Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip was an effort to deflect attention from the scandal. Arabs in Israel worried over possible swap deal Gulf News A Rude Awakening New York Times Guardian - Kansas City Star (subscription) - The Scotsman - Gulf Daily News - and 1188 related » CNNHuman death toll from bird flu rises to 16 Financial Times - 25 minutes ago The death toll from the bird flu epidemic sweeping across Asia rose to 16 on Thursday after a 16-year-old girl in Vietnam died from the disease, making it the country\u0027s 11th fatality from the outbreak. WHO: Bird flu death toll rises to 15 China Daily China admits bird flu \u0027weakness\u0027 CNN New York Times - ABS CBN News - CBC News - eTaiwan News - and 787 related » ReutersIran moves closer to resolving poll row Gulf News - 50 minutes ago Iran\u0027s pro-reform government said yesterday it was close to resolving a bitter row with hardliners over parliamentary elections that has plunged the Islamic Republic into its worst political crisis for years. Iran marks revolution anniversary with new airport for Tehran . Hi Pakistan Iran Leader Orders Reconsideration of Candidates Washington Post Reuters - CNN - Radio Australia - Moscow Times - and 457 related »        U.S.  » USA TodaySenate Plans Reopenings as Search Is Expanded New York Times - 3 hours ago ASHINGTON, Feb. 4 The Senate is seeking to return life to normal on Thursday by starting to reopen office buildings shut down after the discovery of the deadly poison ricin this week. Congressional leaders said ... Senate Offices to Begin Reopening Washington Post No further ricin is found at the Senate Pittsburgh Post Gazette Forbes - Kansas City Star (subscription) - KTRE - Toronto Star - and 1813 related » Senators take aim at Rumsfeld over Iraq campaign Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - 3 hours ago WASHINGTON, DC -- Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld encountered sharp questions on Capitol Hill on Wednesday at a Senate committee session that deepened an already bitter fight about the campaign in Iraq and President Bush\u0027s proposed budget for 2005. Rumsfeld says WMD still might be in Iraq Quad City Times Administration Immersed in Questions on Iraq Intel FOX News ABC Online - San Jose Mercury News - International Herald Tribune - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 222 related » CBS NewsDebate on gay marriage picks up Atlanta Journal Constitution - 45 minutes ago A Massachusetts court ruling that clears the way for the nation\u0027s first same-sex marriages has ramped up the Georgia debate over a proposed state constitutional ban on the practice. Court sets stage for gay weddings Newark Star Ledger Court says civil unions not enough Framingham Metro West Daily News GoMemphis.com - Houston Chronicle - New York Times - Washington Times - and 506 related » World  »BBC NewsSharon faces police interrogation over bribery scandal San Francisco Chronicle - 15 minutes ago Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced police interrogation in a bribery case that could force his resignation amid criticism that his plan to remove Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip was an effort to deflect attention from the scandal. Arabs in Israel worried over possible swap deal Gulf News A Rude Awakening New York Times Guardian - Kansas City Star (subscription) - The Scotsman - Gulf Daily News - and 1188 related » CNNHuman death toll from bird flu rises to 16 Financial Times - 25 minutes ago The death toll from the bird flu epidemic sweeping across Asia rose to 16 on Thursday after a 16-year-old girl in Vietnam died from the disease, making it the country\u0027s 11th fatality from the outbreak. WHO: Bird flu death toll rises to 15 China Daily China admits bird flu \u0027weakness\u0027 CNN New York Times - ABS CBN News - CBC News - eTaiwan News - and 787 related » ReutersIran moves closer to resolving poll row Gulf News - 50 minutes ago Iran\u0027s pro-reform government said yesterday it was close to resolving a bitter row with hardliners over parliamentary elections that has plunged the Islamic Republic into its worst political crisis for years. Iran marks revolution anniversary with new airport for Tehran . Hi Pakistan Iran Leader Orders Reconsideration of Candidates Washington Post Reuters - CNN - Radio Australia - Moscow Times - and 457 related »BBC NewsCNNReuters U.S.  »USA TodaySenate Plans Reopenings as Search Is Expanded New York Times - 3 hours ago ASHINGTON, Feb. 4 The Senate is seeking to return life to normal on Thursday by starting to reopen office buildings shut down after the discovery of the deadly poison ricin this week. Congressional leaders said ... Senate Offices to Begin Reopening Washington Post No further ricin is found at the Senate Pittsburgh Post Gazette Forbes - Kansas City Star (subscription) - KTRE - Toronto Star - and 1813 related » Senators take aim at Rumsfeld over Iraq campaign Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - 3 hours ago WASHINGTON, DC -- Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld encountered sharp questions on Capitol Hill on Wednesday at a Senate committee session that deepened an already bitter fight about the campaign in Iraq and President Bush\u0027s proposed budget for 2005. Rumsfeld says WMD still might be in Iraq Quad City Times Administration Immersed in Questions on Iraq Intel FOX News ABC Online - San Jose Mercury News - International Herald Tribune - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - and 222 related » CBS NewsDebate on gay marriage picks up Atlanta Journal Constitution - 45 minutes ago A Massachusetts court ruling that clears the way for the nation\u0027s first same-sex marriages has ramped up the Georgia debate over a proposed state constitutional ban on the practice. Court sets stage for gay weddings Newark Star Ledger Court says civil unions not enough Framingham Metro West Daily News GoMemphis.com - Houston Chronicle - New York Times - Washington Times - and 506 related »USA TodayCBS News Business  » Nasdaq drops 2.5% Dallas Morning News (subscription) - 2 hours ago The Markets The stock market had to swallow a big dose of reality Wednesday when tech giant Cisco Systems Inc. said business spending is not what it should be at this stage of an economic recovery. Cisco shares tumble as new accounting rule hits profit Independent Online Manufacturing gains don\u0027t impress investors Houston Chronicle Information Week - Forbes - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 292 related » BBC NewsEU airports expect more clashes over state aid Forbes - 12 hours ago LONDON, Feb 4 (Reuters) - The European Commission may have opened the way to months of clashes over subsidies to the airline industry after it ordered Ryanair to repay four million euros of state aid, an airport industry group said on Wednesday. Ryanair discovers the high cost of low cost Guardian Workers fear a reversal of fortune in revived Charleroi Financial Times Reuters - The Times, UK (subscription) - Independent - The Scotsman - and 290 related » BBC NewsJack Kapica The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago What is it about operating systems that turns people into fanatics? A number of years ago it was unsafe for any Windows user to hang around Macintosh fans; today, it seems no one is safe from the \"penguinistas,\" as Linux fanatics are called, after the ... Computer Q\u0026ampA: Cyberterrorists foiled somewhat by their stupidity Pittsburgh Post Gazette Doom, gloom as PC gets virulent Australian IT Newsweek - iT News - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - BBC News - and 490 related »        Sci/Tech  » ABC NewsWhile Trying to Fix Flaws, NASA Surveys Rovers\u0027 Work New York Times - 3 hours ago ticking one of its eyes to the Martian ground, the NASA rover Opportunity has found a mix of particles, from fine soil to sand grains to almost perfectly round pebbles. Mars under the microscope Xinhua Scientists Intrigued by Mars Rover Pictures Voice of America AScribe - Yahoo News - ABC News - ABC Online - and 494 related » BBC NewsScience Trumps Ritual in Mystery Skeleton Row Reuters - 5 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Denying a request by American Indian tribes who sought an immediate burial, a US appeals court ruled on Wednesday that scientists should be allowed to continue testing on a 9,000-year-old skeleton. Science wins ancient bones battle BBC News Scientists can test Kennewick Man: US court CBC News Kansas City Star (subscription) - Seattle Times - KOMO - Canoe.ca - and 64 related » CBC NewsWould you like fish oil with that? ABC Science Online - 6 hours ago Farm animals could be genetically modified to produce heart friendly fish oils, according to a controversial suggestion published today. Gene-altered mouse produces fish oils New Scientist Gene Could Let Humans Produce Healthy Fish Fat Betterhumans CBC News - The Scotsman - Nature.com Business  »Nasdaq drops 2.5% Dallas Morning News (subscription) - 2 hours ago The Markets The stock market had to swallow a big dose of reality Wednesday when tech giant Cisco Systems Inc. said business spending is not what it should be at this stage of an economic recovery. Cisco shares tumble as new accounting rule hits profit Independent Online Manufacturing gains don\u0027t impress investors Houston Chronicle Information Week - Forbes - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 292 related » BBC NewsEU airports expect more clashes over state aid Forbes - 12 hours ago LONDON, Feb 4 (Reuters) - The European Commission may have opened the way to months of clashes over subsidies to the airline industry after it ordered Ryanair to repay four million euros of state aid, an airport industry group said on Wednesday. Ryanair discovers the high cost of low cost Guardian Workers fear a reversal of fortune in revived Charleroi Financial Times Reuters - The Times, UK (subscription) - Independent - The Scotsman - and 290 related » BBC NewsJack Kapica The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago What is it about operating systems that turns people into fanatics? A number of years ago it was unsafe for any Windows user to hang around Macintosh fans; today, it seems no one is safe from the \"penguinistas,\" as Linux fanatics are called, after the ... Computer Q\u0026ampA: Cyberterrorists foiled somewhat by their stupidity Pittsburgh Post Gazette Doom, gloom as PC gets virulent Australian IT Newsweek - iT News - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - BBC News - and 490 related »BBC NewsBBC News Sci/Tech  »ABC NewsWhile Trying to Fix Flaws, NASA Surveys Rovers\u0027 Work New York Times - 3 hours ago ticking one of its eyes to the Martian ground, the NASA rover Opportunity has found a mix of particles, from fine soil to sand grains to almost perfectly round pebbles. Mars under the microscope Xinhua Scientists Intrigued by Mars Rover Pictures Voice of America AScribe - Yahoo News - ABC News - ABC Online - and 494 related » BBC NewsScience Trumps Ritual in Mystery Skeleton Row Reuters - 5 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Denying a request by American Indian tribes who sought an immediate burial, a US appeals court ruled on Wednesday that scientists should be allowed to continue testing on a 9,000-year-old skeleton. Science wins ancient bones battle BBC News Scientists can test Kennewick Man: US court CBC News Kansas City Star (subscription) - Seattle Times - KOMO - Canoe.ca - and 64 related » CBC NewsWould you like fish oil with that? ABC Science Online - 6 hours ago Farm animals could be genetically modified to produce heart friendly fish oils, according to a controversial suggestion published today. Gene-altered mouse produces fish oils New Scientist Gene Could Let Humans Produce Healthy Fish Fat Betterhumans CBC News - The Scotsman - Nature.comABC NewsBBC NewsCBC News Sports  » FOX SportsKnight\u0027s tale? Lots of blame to go around Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago Blaming Knight for the grocery-store incident with Texas Tech chancellor Dr. David R. Smith is like pointing your finger at a temper-tantrum-throwing 4-year-old for a grocery-store fit. (Actually, a comparison to Knight is pretty much an ... Knight\u0027s latest free pass an insult to college mission USA Today King Kaufman\u0027s Sports Daily Salon (subscription) New York Times - Washington Times - Web Devil - Purdue Exponent - and 828 related » PatsFans.comAs The Ball Bounces: Post-Super.. PatsFans.com - 1 hour ago Let\u0027s make this simple. Yo, Adam. Kick this one off. He booms it to the two-yard line. He Hate Me takes it, runs to the 20, gets blasted by Matt Chatham. Time runs out. Patriots are Super Bowl Champs. Like we said, simple. Let\u0027s recap two weeks of playoff football and several controversies CNN/SI Davis misses first practice ESPN San Francisco Chronicle - USA Today - The Globe and Mail - Panthers.com - and 1966 related » Student NewspaperCheltenham cool over fans\u0027 threat Guardian - 5 hours ago United fans to disrupt race meetings where horses owned by John Magnier and JP McManus are taking part. Roundup: Soccer, Basketball, Football International Herald Tribune Security increased at Chepstow as racehorse row heats up icWales The Scotsman - Telegraph.co.uk - The Globe and Mail - The Herald News - and 195 related »        Entertainment  » IAfrica South African NewsJanet\u0027s breast sets Web search record Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago After Janet Jackson\u0027s costume \"malfunctioned\" at the hands of Justin Timberlake during her Super Bowl half-time performance, stunned audiences turned their attention away from the boob tube, and onto the Web in search of the nitty gritty on the titty. If halftime shocked you, you\u0027re out of touch Times Picayune Page: A chat with Janet\u0027s bra Boulder Daily Camera Washington Post - The Free Lance-Star - IAfrica South African News - New York Times - and 2414 related » USA TodayMel Gibson stays mum on \"Passion\" scene Reuters - 2 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor-director Mel Gibson is keeping mum about whether he intends to cut or keep one of the most controversial scenes in his upcoming film about Christ\u0027s final hours -- that of a Jewish high priest declaring a blood ... Churches flock to see controversial film on Jesus Atlanta Journal Constitution Some Christians See \u0027Passion\u0027 as Evangelism Tool New York Times USA Today - Palm Beach Post - Independent - Nzoom.com - and 152 related » Cornelius Bumpus , 58 , Saxophonist With Doobie Brothers and Steely Dan New York Times - 30 minutes ago ANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 4 (AP) Cornelius Bumpus, a saxophonist and former member of the Doobie Brothers band who has performed with Steely Dan since 1993, died on Tuesday on the way to a series of performances in California. He ... Rock saxophonist, 58, is dead Arizona Republic Former Doobie Brothers Saxophone Player, Cornelius Bumpus, Dies Launch Yahoo Union Democrat - Modesto Bee - Santa Cruz Sentinel - Billboard - and 139 related » Sports  »FOX SportsKnight\u0027s tale? Lots of blame to go around Houston Chronicle - 2 hours ago Blaming Knight for the grocery-store incident with Texas Tech chancellor Dr. David R. Smith is like pointing your finger at a temper-tantrum-throwing 4-year-old for a grocery-store fit. (Actually, a comparison to Knight is pretty much an ... Knight\u0027s latest free pass an insult to college mission USA Today King Kaufman\u0027s Sports Daily Salon (subscription) New York Times - Washington Times - Web Devil - Purdue Exponent - and 828 related » PatsFans.comAs The Ball Bounces: Post-Super.. PatsFans.com - 1 hour ago Let\u0027s make this simple. Yo, Adam. Kick this one off. He booms it to the two-yard line. He Hate Me takes it, runs to the 20, gets blasted by Matt Chatham. Time runs out. Patriots are Super Bowl Champs. Like we said, simple. Let\u0027s recap two weeks of playoff football and several controversies CNN/SI Davis misses first practice ESPN San Francisco Chronicle - USA Today - The Globe and Mail - Panthers.com - and 1966 related » Student NewspaperCheltenham cool over fans\u0027 threat Guardian - 5 hours ago United fans to disrupt race meetings where horses owned by John Magnier and JP McManus are taking part. Roundup: Soccer, Basketball, Football International Herald Tribune Security increased at Chepstow as racehorse row heats up icWales The Scotsman - Telegraph.co.uk - The Globe and Mail - The Herald News - and 195 related »FOX SportsPatsFans.comStudent Newspaper Entertainment  »IAfrica South African NewsJanet\u0027s breast sets Web search record Toronto Star - 15 minutes ago After Janet Jackson\u0027s costume \"malfunctioned\" at the hands of Justin Timberlake during her Super Bowl half-time performance, stunned audiences turned their attention away from the boob tube, and onto the Web in search of the nitty gritty on the titty. If halftime shocked you, you\u0027re out of touch Times Picayune Page: A chat with Janet\u0027s bra Boulder Daily Camera Washington Post - The Free Lance-Star - IAfrica South African News - New York Times - and 2414 related » USA TodayMel Gibson stays mum on \"Passion\" scene Reuters - 2 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor-director Mel Gibson is keeping mum about whether he intends to cut or keep one of the most controversial scenes in his upcoming film about Christ\u0027s final hours -- that of a Jewish high priest declaring a blood ... Churches flock to see controversial film on Jesus Atlanta Journal Constitution Some Christians See \u0027Passion\u0027 as Evangelism Tool New York Times USA Today - Palm Beach Post - Independent - Nzoom.com - and 152 related » Cornelius Bumpus , 58 , Saxophonist With Doobie Brothers and Steely Dan New York Times - 30 minutes ago ANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 4 (AP) Cornelius Bumpus, a saxophonist and former member of the Doobie Brothers band who has performed with Steely Dan since 1993, died on Tuesday on the way to a series of performances in California. He ... Rock saxophonist, 58, is dead Arizona Republic Former Doobie Brothers Saxophone Player, Cornelius Bumpus, Dies Launch Yahoo Union Democrat - Modesto Bee - Santa Cruz Sentinel - Billboard - and 139 related »IAfrica South African NewsUSA Today Health  » East Texas ReviewFemale heart health guidelines rewritten San Antonio Express - 50 minutes ago The American Heart Association unveiled new guidelines for women\u0027s heart health Wednesday, launching a campaign to make women aware that cardiovascular disease remains stubbornly entrenched as the nation\u0027s No. 1 killer. In the red Arizona Republic Program to be held at The Crescent The Advertiser Henderson Gleaner - USA Today - News Journal - Newsday - and 46 related » China Says It Faces Uphill Battle to Stop Bird Flu Reuters - 30 minutes ago BEIJING (Reuters) - China is not fully prepared to control bird flu and many people do not know how to stop it spreading across the huge country where most fowl are raised on small, cramped farms, the government said on Thursday. China has established sound communications to curb bird flu Xinhua China denies bird flu cover-up, says no human transmission Manila Bulletin The Age - ITAR-TASS - Medical News Today - China Daily - and 18 related » CNNHeart Association issues 1st guidelines for women Detroit News - 30 minutes ago WASHINGTON Women and their doctors should work more aggressively to reduce the risk for heart disease, the American Heart Association said Wednesday, emphasizing that efforts to prevent and treat the nation\u0027s leading ... Heart Association issues wake-up call to women Durham Herald Sun American Heart Association Press Release Newsday United Press International - Kansas City Star (subscription) - CNN - Boston Channel.com - and 24 related »        More Top Stories USA TodayWhat comes to light in Iraq reflects on Powell USA Today - 4 hours ago One year ago, Colin Powell went before the UN Security Council to make the case that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction that posed a threat to its neighbors and the United States. The state of Powell\u0027s ... One year on, US and allies struggle to justify the war The Namibian Iraq WMD: Intelligence Failure? Washington Post BBC News - Carlisle Sentinel - AZ Central.com - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 217 related » CNN InternationalConcern behind solidarity at Bali anti - terror meet Reuters AlertNet - 1 hour ago BALI, Indonesia, Feb 5 (Reuters) - Concern is growing in Western capitals that some Asian nations are not pulling their weight in the global war on terror at a time when fresh attacks are seen as inevitable, diplomats and analysts say. Minister Lays Wreath at Bali Bombing Site The Scotsman More regional terror attacks inevitable\u0027. Hi Pakistan eTaiwan News - Miami Herald - Xinhua - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 151 related » ABC NewsRumsfeld and Tenet Defending Assessments of Iraqi Weapons New York Times - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 After months of silence, George J. Tenet, the director of central intelligence, has decided to mount a strong public defense of the prewar judgments made by American intelligence agencies about Iraq and its illicit weapons stockpiles, ... Let\u0027s not split hairs - Bush lied about WMDs Arizona Republic Powell Defends War As WMD Debate Goes On ABC News Arab News - Washington Post - San Francisco Chronicle - CNN - and 737 related » Health  »East Texas ReviewFemale heart health guidelines rewritten San Antonio Express - 50 minutes ago The American Heart Association unveiled new guidelines for women\u0027s heart health Wednesday, launching a campaign to make women aware that cardiovascular disease remains stubbornly entrenched as the nation\u0027s No. 1 killer. In the red Arizona Republic Program to be held at The Crescent The Advertiser Henderson Gleaner - USA Today - News Journal - Newsday - and 46 related » China Says It Faces Uphill Battle to Stop Bird Flu Reuters - 30 minutes ago BEIJING (Reuters) - China is not fully prepared to control bird flu and many people do not know how to stop it spreading across the huge country where most fowl are raised on small, cramped farms, the government said on Thursday. China has established sound communications to curb bird flu Xinhua China denies bird flu cover-up, says no human transmission Manila Bulletin The Age - ITAR-TASS - Medical News Today - China Daily - and 18 related » CNNHeart Association issues 1st guidelines for women Detroit News - 30 minutes ago WASHINGTON Women and their doctors should work more aggressively to reduce the risk for heart disease, the American Heart Association said Wednesday, emphasizing that efforts to prevent and treat the nation\u0027s leading ... Heart Association issues wake-up call to women Durham Herald Sun American Heart Association Press Release Newsday United Press International - Kansas City Star (subscription) - CNN - Boston Channel.com - and 24 related »East Texas ReviewCNN More Top StoriesUSA TodayWhat comes to light in Iraq reflects on Powell USA Today - 4 hours ago One year ago, Colin Powell went before the UN Security Council to make the case that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction that posed a threat to its neighbors and the United States. The state of Powell\u0027s ... One year on, US and allies struggle to justify the war The Namibian Iraq WMD: Intelligence Failure? Washington Post BBC News - Carlisle Sentinel - AZ Central.com - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 217 related » CNN InternationalConcern behind solidarity at Bali anti - terror meet Reuters AlertNet - 1 hour ago BALI, Indonesia, Feb 5 (Reuters) - Concern is growing in Western capitals that some Asian nations are not pulling their weight in the global war on terror at a time when fresh attacks are seen as inevitable, diplomats and analysts say. Minister Lays Wreath at Bali Bombing Site The Scotsman More regional terror attacks inevitable\u0027. Hi Pakistan eTaiwan News - Miami Herald - Xinhua - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 151 related » ABC NewsRumsfeld and Tenet Defending Assessments of Iraqi Weapons New York Times - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 After months of silence, George J. Tenet, the director of central intelligence, has decided to mount a strong public defense of the prewar judgments made by American intelligence agencies about Iraq and its illicit weapons stockpiles, ... Let\u0027s not split hairs - Bush lied about WMDs Arizona Republic Powell Defends War As WMD Debate Goes On ABC News Arab News - Washington Post - San Francisco Chronicle - CNN - and 737 related »USA TodayCNN InternationalABC News©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":32,"second":13},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
