{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 10 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 10 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP102003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ReutersMilitants threaten attacks on Iraqi government Newsday - 25 minutes ago NAJAF, Iraq -- A militant group threatened to launch a campaign of attacks against Iraqi government offices on Tuesday, while an uprising by militants loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr affected Iraq\u0027s oil industry. Najaf fighting continues Guardian US forces pound Iraqi militia Reuters Washington Post - Arizona Republic - Voice of America - CNN International - and 2020 related » CNN InternationalRetrial of Moroccan suspect in 9/11 attacks begins in Germany Xinhua - 30 minutes ago BERLIN, Aug. 10 (Xinhuanet) -- The retrial of a Moroccan suspect behind the Sept. 11 attacks began in a German court on Tuesday. US promises to help German authorities in Nine-Eleven trial KESQ US Pledges Aid to 9/11 Trial in Germany ABC News Reuters - IndoLink - KFOR-TV - Channel News Asia - and 128 related »     Google settles 2 disputes over patent infringement San Francisco Chronicle - and 410 related » CIO Jury: Windows XP Service Pack 2 The verdict Silicon.com - and 166 related » Blue Jays\u0027 homers put Loaiza spot in jeopardy Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 626 related » Actress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News - and 406 related » Chest-pain-free heart attacks more deadly The Globe and Mail - and 16 related » In the News  Terry Nichols  West Nile  Al Qaeda  George Bush  Ahmad Chalabi  Saddam Hussein  Mark Hacking  Lake County  Goh Chok Tong  Shiite Muslim\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ReutersMilitants threaten attacks on Iraqi government Newsday - 25 minutes ago NAJAF, Iraq -- A militant group threatened to launch a campaign of attacks against Iraqi government offices on Tuesday, while an uprising by militants loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr affected Iraq\u0027s oil industry. Najaf fighting continues Guardian US forces pound Iraqi militia Reuters Washington Post - Arizona Republic - Voice of America - CNN International - and 2020 related » CNN InternationalRetrial of Moroccan suspect in 9/11 attacks begins in Germany Xinhua - 30 minutes ago BERLIN, Aug. 10 (Xinhuanet) -- The retrial of a Moroccan suspect behind the Sept. 11 attacks began in a German court on Tuesday. US promises to help German authorities in Nine-Eleven trial KESQ US Pledges Aid to 9/11 Trial in Germany ABC News Reuters - IndoLink - KFOR-TV - Channel News Asia - and 128 related »     Google settles 2 disputes over patent infringement San Francisco Chronicle - and 410 related » CIO Jury: Windows XP Service Pack 2 The verdict Silicon.com - and 166 related » Blue Jays\u0027 homers put Loaiza spot in jeopardy Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 626 related » Actress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News - and 406 related » Chest-pain-free heart attacks more deadly The Globe and Mail - and 16 related » In the News  Terry Nichols  West Nile  Al Qaeda  George Bush  Ahmad Chalabi  Saddam Hussein  Mark Hacking  Lake County  Goh Chok Tong  Shiite MuslimReutersCNN InternationalGoogle settles 2 disputes over patent infringement San Francisco Chronicle - and 410 related » CIO Jury: Windows XP Service Pack 2 The verdict Silicon.com - and 166 related » Blue Jays\u0027 homers put Loaiza spot in jeopardy Chicago Tribune (subscription) - and 626 related » Actress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News - and 406 related » Chest-pain-free heart attacks more deadly The Globe and Mail - and 16 related »In the News Terry Nichols  West Nile  Al Qaeda  George Bush  Ahmad Chalabi  Saddam Hussein  Mark Hacking  Lake County  Goh Chok Tong  Shiite Muslim  World  » ReutersJapan accident highlights nuke plant fears Reuters - 5 minutes ago TOKYO (Reuters) - An accident at a Japanese nuclear plant that killed four workers occurred in a section that was to be inspected this week for the first time in 28 years, and months after a warning of potential problems, the owner has ... Police Probe Fatal Accident at Japanese Nuclear Plant Voice of America Accident at Japanese Mihama Nuclear Power Plant on Honshu blamed on personnel ITAR-TASS RTE Interactive - Washington Times - PolitInfo.com - swissinfo - and 674 related » ReutersBlasts Hit Two Turkey Hotels, Gas Plant ABC News - 30 minutes ago ISTANBUL, Turkey Aug. 10, 2004 Bombs exploded simultaneously at two Istanbul hotels, killing two people and injuring nine in what the city\u0027s police chief said was a \"terrorist attack\" and another official blamed on Kurdish rebels. Blasts Kill at Least 2 in Turkey Voice of America Two dead in Istanbul bombing Guardian Reuters - Channel News Asia - Scotland on Sunday - CNN International - and 312 related » BBC NewsDarfur Rebels Not Aware of Talks, Welcome Nigeria Reuters - 15 minutes ago CAIRO (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan\u0027s troubled Darfur region said on Tuesday they had not been informed of peace talks due to be held in Nigeria at the end of the month, but welcomed the choice of venue and mediation. Sudan should honor word to disarm militia Fort Wayne News Sentinel EU says Sudan killings not genocide Boston Globe BBC News - Bloomberg - Guardian - News24 - and 570 related »        U.S.  » Mcalester News CapitalOklahoma bomb plotter asks for forgiveness The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago McAlester, Okla. -- Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols addressed a court for the first time yesterday, asking for forgiveness and offering to help victims\u0027 families with the healing process as he was sentenced to life in prison without the ... Sermon by Okla. City killer New York Daily News Nichols gets 161 life sentences Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - ABC News - Reuters - and 690 related » MTVCiting 2000 dispute, OSCE to track US presidential vote Boston Globe - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON -- The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe plans to observe the US presidential election this year, concerned by the disputed results in 2000, a spokeswoman said. Monitor This! eTalkinghead Foreign Monitors to Report on US Presidential Vote Reuters Xinhua - MTV - Zaman - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 31 related » New York PostTwins\u0027 recuperation exceeds expectations The Journal News.com - 3 hours ago NEW YORK As her twin sons continued to make unexpectedly swift progress four days after their separation surgery, Arlene Aguirre thanked their medical team yesterday and said she was amazed at the thousands of strangers who have sent ... No Major Complications for Separated Twins, Doctors Say New York Times She yearns to be mommy in the middle New York Daily News Newsday - Newsweek - New York Post - Xinhua - and 278 related » World  »ReutersJapan accident highlights nuke plant fears Reuters - 5 minutes ago TOKYO (Reuters) - An accident at a Japanese nuclear plant that killed four workers occurred in a section that was to be inspected this week for the first time in 28 years, and months after a warning of potential problems, the owner has ... Police Probe Fatal Accident at Japanese Nuclear Plant Voice of America Accident at Japanese Mihama Nuclear Power Plant on Honshu blamed on personnel ITAR-TASS RTE Interactive - Washington Times - PolitInfo.com - swissinfo - and 674 related » ReutersBlasts Hit Two Turkey Hotels, Gas Plant ABC News - 30 minutes ago ISTANBUL, Turkey Aug. 10, 2004 Bombs exploded simultaneously at two Istanbul hotels, killing two people and injuring nine in what the city\u0027s police chief said was a \"terrorist attack\" and another official blamed on Kurdish rebels. Blasts Kill at Least 2 in Turkey Voice of America Two dead in Istanbul bombing Guardian Reuters - Channel News Asia - Scotland on Sunday - CNN International - and 312 related » BBC NewsDarfur Rebels Not Aware of Talks, Welcome Nigeria Reuters - 15 minutes ago CAIRO (Reuters) - Rebels from Sudan\u0027s troubled Darfur region said on Tuesday they had not been informed of peace talks due to be held in Nigeria at the end of the month, but welcomed the choice of venue and mediation. Sudan should honor word to disarm militia Fort Wayne News Sentinel EU says Sudan killings not genocide Boston Globe BBC News - Bloomberg - Guardian - News24 - and 570 related »ReutersReutersBBC News U.S.  »Mcalester News CapitalOklahoma bomb plotter asks for forgiveness The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago McAlester, Okla. -- Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols addressed a court for the first time yesterday, asking for forgiveness and offering to help victims\u0027 families with the healing process as he was sentenced to life in prison without the ... Sermon by Okla. City killer New York Daily News Nichols gets 161 life sentences Kansas City Star (subscription) Los Angeles Times (subscription) - New York Times - ABC News - Reuters - and 690 related » MTVCiting 2000 dispute, OSCE to track US presidential vote Boston Globe - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON -- The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe plans to observe the US presidential election this year, concerned by the disputed results in 2000, a spokeswoman said. Monitor This! eTalkinghead Foreign Monitors to Report on US Presidential Vote Reuters Xinhua - MTV - Zaman - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 31 related » New York PostTwins\u0027 recuperation exceeds expectations The Journal News.com - 3 hours ago NEW YORK As her twin sons continued to make unexpectedly swift progress four days after their separation surgery, Arlene Aguirre thanked their medical team yesterday and said she was amazed at the thousands of strangers who have sent ... No Major Complications for Separated Twins, Doctors Say New York Times She yearns to be mommy in the middle New York Daily News Newsday - Newsweek - New York Post - Xinhua - and 278 related »Mcalester News CapitalMTVNew York Post Business  » Google settles 2 disputes over patent infringement San Francisco Chronicle - 35 minutes ago Google has removed a major blemish to its anticipated initial public offering by settling two disputes with rival Yahoo for 2.7 million shares of stock. Google settles with Yahoo San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Google to give Yahoo stock to settle legal dispute USA Today New York Times - Washington Post - Boston Globe - The Inquirer - and 410 related » Telegraph.co.ukCrude Oil Little Changed in New York Amid Iraq Oil Concern Bloomberg - 40 minutes ago Aug. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures in New York were little changed close to a record high after gaining 2 percent yesterday on reports of crude-supply disruptions in Iraq, the Middle East\u0027s fifth-largest oil producer. Oil prices hover around record high Sify Crude Prices Reach Record High San Jose Mercury News (subscription) The Times, UK (subscription) - New York Times - London Free Press - USA Today - and 256 related » Russia JournalYUKOS Shares Tumble After Unit Seized Reuters - 50 minutes ago MOSCOW (Reuters) - Shares in Russian oil major YUKOS plunged on Tuesday after bailiffs seized its shares in main production unit Yuganskneftegaz for the second time, signaling the state\u0027s resolve to dismantle the oil company. Yukos shares tumble after Yugansk unit seized Financial Times Bailiffs seize YUKOS subsidiary again Russia Journal Channel News Asia - BBC News - RosBusinessConsulting - Washington Post - and 166 related »        Sci/Tech  » TechNewsWorldCIO Jury: Windows XP Service Pack 2 The verdict Silicon.com - 15 minutes ago Microsoft\u0027s long-awaited and much-delayed security update, Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Windows XP, has finally been sent off to the manufacturers and will be available to end users from later this month. Enter your e-mail: PC World Is the Microsoft Windows update worth all the fuss? Yes Miami Herald (subscription) TechNewsWorld - BusinessWeek - WinInformant.com - The Age - and 166 related » eChannelLinePrice isn\u0027t right for new Bagle variant The Register - 1 hour ago Bagle-AQ (AKA Bagle-AL or Bagle-AC) normally spreads by emails containing an infectious attachment. The attachment name is variable, but always contains the word \"price\". The attachment is always ZIP, although it could sometimes be encrypted. In these ... Bagle worm mutates and attacks again PC Pro Price not right on Bagle variant CNET News.com Silicon.com - Sydney Morning Herald - MSNBC - eChannelLine - and 25 related » TechNewsWorldAround The Nation Houston Chronicle - 4 hours ago SALT LAKE CITY - A first-degree murder charge was filed Monday against Mark Hacking, who is alleged to have confessed to relatives that he shot his sleeping wife in the head and threw her body in a trash bin. NASA gets go-ahead to plan Hubble rescue Baltimore Sun Hubble black-hole hunter quits Florida Today Reuters - Bradenton Herald - TechNewsWorld - Wired News - and 49 related » Business  »Google settles 2 disputes over patent infringement San Francisco Chronicle - 35 minutes ago Google has removed a major blemish to its anticipated initial public offering by settling two disputes with rival Yahoo for 2.7 million shares of stock. Google settles with Yahoo San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Google to give Yahoo stock to settle legal dispute USA Today New York Times - Washington Post - Boston Globe - The Inquirer - and 410 related » Telegraph.co.ukCrude Oil Little Changed in New York Amid Iraq Oil Concern Bloomberg - 40 minutes ago Aug. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures in New York were little changed close to a record high after gaining 2 percent yesterday on reports of crude-supply disruptions in Iraq, the Middle East\u0027s fifth-largest oil producer. Oil prices hover around record high Sify Crude Prices Reach Record High San Jose Mercury News (subscription) The Times, UK (subscription) - New York Times - London Free Press - USA Today - and 256 related » Russia JournalYUKOS Shares Tumble After Unit Seized Reuters - 50 minutes ago MOSCOW (Reuters) - Shares in Russian oil major YUKOS plunged on Tuesday after bailiffs seized its shares in main production unit Yuganskneftegaz for the second time, signaling the state\u0027s resolve to dismantle the oil company. Yukos shares tumble after Yugansk unit seized Financial Times Bailiffs seize YUKOS subsidiary again Russia Journal Channel News Asia - BBC News - RosBusinessConsulting - Washington Post - and 166 related »Telegraph.co.ukRussia Journal Sci/Tech  »TechNewsWorldCIO Jury: Windows XP Service Pack 2 The verdict Silicon.com - 15 minutes ago Microsoft\u0027s long-awaited and much-delayed security update, Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Windows XP, has finally been sent off to the manufacturers and will be available to end users from later this month. Enter your e-mail: PC World Is the Microsoft Windows update worth all the fuss? Yes Miami Herald (subscription) TechNewsWorld - BusinessWeek - WinInformant.com - The Age - and 166 related » eChannelLinePrice isn\u0027t right for new Bagle variant The Register - 1 hour ago Bagle-AQ (AKA Bagle-AL or Bagle-AC) normally spreads by emails containing an infectious attachment. The attachment name is variable, but always contains the word \"price\". The attachment is always ZIP, although it could sometimes be encrypted. In these ... Bagle worm mutates and attacks again PC Pro Price not right on Bagle variant CNET News.com Silicon.com - Sydney Morning Herald - MSNBC - eChannelLine - and 25 related » TechNewsWorldAround The Nation Houston Chronicle - 4 hours ago SALT LAKE CITY - A first-degree murder charge was filed Monday against Mark Hacking, who is alleged to have confessed to relatives that he shot his sleeping wife in the head and threw her body in a trash bin. NASA gets go-ahead to plan Hubble rescue Baltimore Sun Hubble black-hole hunter quits Florida Today Reuters - Bradenton Herald - TechNewsWorld - Wired News - and 49 related »TechNewsWorldeChannelLineTechNewsWorld Sports  » Canada.comBlue Jays\u0027 homers put Loaiza spot in jeopardy Chicago Tribune (subscription) - 10 minutes ago NEW YORK -- Just two starts into his career with the Yankees, Esteban Loaiza\u0027s spot in the rotation is in jeopardy. Ricciardi says he\u0027s \u0027in the crosshairs\u0027 The Globe and Mail AL Wrap: Gross Gets First Homer as Jays Sink Yankees Reuters New York Daily News - London Free Press - Canada.com - MLB.com - and 626 related » CNN InternationalRogge re-iterates \u0027zero tolerance\u0027 CNN International - 2 hours ago ATHENS, Greece (Reuters) -- With the Athens Olympics set to open this week, the International Olympic Committee on Tuesday reiterated its \"no tolerance\" stand on doping and corruption in sport. The greatest security show on Earth BBC News Zimbabwe, Myanmar given the cold shoulder Independent Online USA Today - Xinhua - People\u0027s Daily - Boston Globe - and 640 related » MegaStar.co.ukOwen rumours arouse little interest in Madrid -- for now Reuters - 55 minutes ago MADRID, Aug 10 (Reuters) - Reports linking Michael Owen with Real Madrid were greeted sceptically in the Spanish capital on Tuesday -- a fact that will be of little comfort to Liverpool fans anxious about the England forward\u0027s possible ... Owen linked with Real Madrid News24 Real could tempt Owen, says Lawro Ireland Online FansFC.com - Belfast Telegraph (subscription) - UTV - Tribalfootball.com - and 55 related »        Entertainment  » ABC NewsActress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News - 30 minutes ago NEW YORK Aug. 10, 2004 Fay Wray tried twice to wrestle free from a giant gorilla\u0027s grip. Once onscreen in the 1933 classic \"King Kong\" and then again in the years that followed when she yearned to shake the ape\u0027s prestigious shadow. \u0027King Kong\u0027 Actress Fay Wray Dies at 96 NPR (audio) King Kong\u0027s girl Wray dies at 96 Calgary Sun The Malaysia Star - New York Daily News - Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - and 406 related » E! OnlineRick James Autopsy Mystery E! Online - 6 hours ago A post-mortem conducted over the weekend failed to pinpoint exactly what caused the troubled funkmeister to die in his sleep Friday morning in his Los Angeles-area home at the age of 56. Service for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online Autopsy on Funk Singer Rick James Is Inconclusive Reuters MTV - Xinhua - Health Talk - NPR (audio) - and 280 related » New York TimesBox Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters - 5 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Adult fare ruled the box office in North America last weekend, with Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" leading the way. Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" tops at weekend\u0027s North America box office People\u0027s Daily \"Collateral\" killer cruises to the top Xinhua New York Times - AZ Central.com - Guardian - Peninsulaclarion.com - and 210 related » Sports  »Canada.comBlue Jays\u0027 homers put Loaiza spot in jeopardy Chicago Tribune (subscription) - 10 minutes ago NEW YORK -- Just two starts into his career with the Yankees, Esteban Loaiza\u0027s spot in the rotation is in jeopardy. Ricciardi says he\u0027s \u0027in the crosshairs\u0027 The Globe and Mail AL Wrap: Gross Gets First Homer as Jays Sink Yankees Reuters New York Daily News - London Free Press - Canada.com - MLB.com - and 626 related » CNN InternationalRogge re-iterates \u0027zero tolerance\u0027 CNN International - 2 hours ago ATHENS, Greece (Reuters) -- With the Athens Olympics set to open this week, the International Olympic Committee on Tuesday reiterated its \"no tolerance\" stand on doping and corruption in sport. The greatest security show on Earth BBC News Zimbabwe, Myanmar given the cold shoulder Independent Online USA Today - Xinhua - People\u0027s Daily - Boston Globe - and 640 related » MegaStar.co.ukOwen rumours arouse little interest in Madrid -- for now Reuters - 55 minutes ago MADRID, Aug 10 (Reuters) - Reports linking Michael Owen with Real Madrid were greeted sceptically in the Spanish capital on Tuesday -- a fact that will be of little comfort to Liverpool fans anxious about the England forward\u0027s possible ... Owen linked with Real Madrid News24 Real could tempt Owen, says Lawro Ireland Online FansFC.com - Belfast Telegraph (subscription) - UTV - Tribalfootball.com - and 55 related »Canada.comCNN InternationalMegaStar.co.uk Entertainment  »ABC NewsActress Fay Wray of \u0027King Kong\u0027 Fame Dies ABC News - 30 minutes ago NEW YORK Aug. 10, 2004 Fay Wray tried twice to wrestle free from a giant gorilla\u0027s grip. Once onscreen in the 1933 classic \"King Kong\" and then again in the years that followed when she yearned to shake the ape\u0027s prestigious shadow. \u0027King Kong\u0027 Actress Fay Wray Dies at 96 NPR (audio) King Kong\u0027s girl Wray dies at 96 Calgary Sun The Malaysia Star - New York Daily News - Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - and 406 related » E! OnlineRick James Autopsy Mystery E! Online - 6 hours ago A post-mortem conducted over the weekend failed to pinpoint exactly what caused the troubled funkmeister to die in his sleep Friday morning in his Los Angeles-area home at the age of 56. Service for James takes place tomorrow Ireland Online Autopsy on Funk Singer Rick James Is Inconclusive Reuters MTV - Xinhua - Health Talk - NPR (audio) - and 280 related » New York TimesBox Office Reels from \u0027Collateral\u0027 Damage Reuters - 5 hours ago LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) - Adult fare ruled the box office in North America last weekend, with Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" leading the way. Tom Cruise\u0027s \"Collateral\" tops at weekend\u0027s North America box office People\u0027s Daily \"Collateral\" killer cruises to the top Xinhua New York Times - AZ Central.com - Guardian - Peninsulaclarion.com - and 210 related »ABC NewsE! OnlineNew York Times Health  » CTVChest-pain-free heart attacks more deadly The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago There is a history of heart attacks in Joyce Singer\u0027s family, so she was acutely aware of the telltale symptom, \"a bone-crushing chest pain that has you falling to your knees and grabbing at your chest.\" ... Chest pain key to survival Calgary Sun VITAL SIGNS Patterns: When No Chest Pain Is a Problem New York Times Forbes - Reuters - Health Talk - CTV - and 16 related » BBC NewsMentally demanding work may protect against Alzheimer\u0027s Seattle Post Intelligencer - 4 hours ago People whose jobs sometimes leave them feeling brain-drained can take consolation in the fact that the work may be helping to stave off Alzheimer\u0027s disease. The work you do may keep brain fit Cleveland Plain Dealer (subscription) Alzheimer\u0027s patients\u0027 jobs studied Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Forbes - HealthandAge.com - Washington Times - Ivanhoe - and 102 related » Study: Black women more likely to have deadly breast cancer tumors WTNH - 55 minutes ago (New Haven-AP, Aug. 10, 2004 5:58 AM) _ A new study from Yale researchers finds black women are four times more likely to have a genetic mutation that makes breast cancer tumors deadly. Cancer And Black Women Hartford Courant (subscription) Breast Cancer Operations Rare for Most US Surgeons Reuters HealthandAge.com - Newsday - Forbes - Yahoo News - and 38 related »        More Top Stories Daily StarUS urges Iran to drop its nuclear aims The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush pressed Iran yesterday to give up its nuclear ambitions as Iranian officials asked European countries to help them obtain advanced technology that could be used to make weapons. Bush Sees Joint World Effort to Press Iran on Nuclear Issue New York Times Iran must abandon nuclear ambitions: Bush Xinhua ABC News - Washington Times - Hindustan Times - Guardian - and 286 related » CNN InternationalSame faces in Singapore reshuffle CNN International - 2 hours ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) -- Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore\u0027s prime minister-designate, has appointed a new government of mostly old faces to tackle pressing problems ranging from a low birth rate to the loss of jobs to fast-growing China. Singapore\u0027s Lee Kuan Yew to be minister mentor\u0027\u0027 International Herald Tribune Singapore\u0027s Prime Minister designate Lee Hsien Loong appoints his new cabinet Radio Singapore International Bloomberg - Channel News Asia - Xinhua - Hindustan Times - and 154 related » Indianapolis StarTSA Handling Security for NY Copter Tours San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - 5 minutes ago NEW YORK - The Transportation Security Administration announced it would take over security checks of passengers and baggage at city heliports, days after police were warned that al-Qaida had considered using tourist helicopters as bombs. New York helicopter launching pads under increased scrutiny Kansas City Star (subscription) Despite Terror Warning, Copter Tours Continue Los Angeles Times (subscription) Indianapolis Star - Reuters - Newsday - ABC News - and 195 related » Health  »CTVChest-pain-free heart attacks more deadly The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago There is a history of heart attacks in Joyce Singer\u0027s family, so she was acutely aware of the telltale symptom, \"a bone-crushing chest pain that has you falling to your knees and grabbing at your chest.\" ... Chest pain key to survival Calgary Sun VITAL SIGNS Patterns: When No Chest Pain Is a Problem New York Times Forbes - Reuters - Health Talk - CTV - and 16 related » BBC NewsMentally demanding work may protect against Alzheimer\u0027s Seattle Post Intelligencer - 4 hours ago People whose jobs sometimes leave them feeling brain-drained can take consolation in the fact that the work may be helping to stave off Alzheimer\u0027s disease. The work you do may keep brain fit Cleveland Plain Dealer (subscription) Alzheimer\u0027s patients\u0027 jobs studied Akron Beacon Journal (subscription) Forbes - HealthandAge.com - Washington Times - Ivanhoe - and 102 related » Study: Black women more likely to have deadly breast cancer tumors WTNH - 55 minutes ago (New Haven-AP, Aug. 10, 2004 5:58 AM) _ A new study from Yale researchers finds black women are four times more likely to have a genetic mutation that makes breast cancer tumors deadly. Cancer And Black Women Hartford Courant (subscription) Breast Cancer Operations Rare for Most US Surgeons Reuters HealthandAge.com - Newsday - Forbes - Yahoo News - and 38 related »CTVBBC News More Top StoriesDaily StarUS urges Iran to drop its nuclear aims The Globe and Mail - 2 hours ago WASHINGTON -- US President George W. Bush pressed Iran yesterday to give up its nuclear ambitions as Iranian officials asked European countries to help them obtain advanced technology that could be used to make weapons. Bush Sees Joint World Effort to Press Iran on Nuclear Issue New York Times Iran must abandon nuclear ambitions: Bush Xinhua ABC News - Washington Times - Hindustan Times - Guardian - and 286 related » CNN InternationalSame faces in Singapore reshuffle CNN International - 2 hours ago SINGAPORE (Reuters) -- Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore\u0027s prime minister-designate, has appointed a new government of mostly old faces to tackle pressing problems ranging from a low birth rate to the loss of jobs to fast-growing China. Singapore\u0027s Lee Kuan Yew to be minister mentor\u0027\u0027 International Herald Tribune Singapore\u0027s Prime Minister designate Lee Hsien Loong appoints his new cabinet Radio Singapore International Bloomberg - Channel News Asia - Xinhua - Hindustan Times - and 154 related » Indianapolis StarTSA Handling Security for NY Copter Tours San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - 5 minutes ago NEW YORK - The Transportation Security Administration announced it would take over security checks of passengers and baggage at city heliports, days after police were warned that al-Qaida had considered using tourist helicopters as bombs. New York helicopter launching pads under increased scrutiny Kansas City Star (subscription) Despite Terror Warning, Copter Tours Continue Los Angeles Times (subscription) Indianapolis Star - Reuters - Newsday - ABC News - and 195 related »Daily StarCNN InternationalIndianapolis Star©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":11,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":44,"second":39},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
