{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 21 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 21 2003 2004 2005AUG SEP OCT212003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     USA TodayCBS producer called Kerry adviser CNN - 49 minutes ago A campaign adviser for John Kerry told CNN he spoke with retired Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett -- the man who CBS said provided them with disputed documents -- days before the \"60 Minutes\" piece aired and after a call from a ... CBS Says it Was Misled on Fake Documents NPR (audio) Bush accuser finds himself as the subject of media\u0027s spotlight Baltimore Sun (subscription) Toronto Star - USA Today - Kansas City Star (subscription) - New York Post - all 1,155 related » San Diego Union Tribune\u0027Another beheading in 24 hours\u0027 Times of India - 22 minutes ago BAGHDAD: Militants beheaded an American in Iraq and said two fellow civilian hostages would meet the same fate within 24 hours if Washington failed to accept their demands. American Reported Beheaded in Iraq NPR (audio) Militants in Iraq behead American Arizona Republic This is London - Reuters - Boston Globe - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - all 1,293 related »     Dollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move Reuters - all 234 related » AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Halifax Live - all 44 related » If the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be ... CNN/SI - all 2,723 related » The Emmys Watch, or Not Washington Post - all 815 related » Test Blood Sugar Levels More Frequently Urge Researchers Health Talk - all 26 related » In The News  Ryder Cup  Jiang Zemin  Hu Jintao  Jose Antonio Camacho  Diego Maradona  Brian Clough  Emmy Awards  Britney Spears  Eugene Armstrong  Champions Trophy\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    USA TodayCBS producer called Kerry adviser CNN - 49 minutes ago A campaign adviser for John Kerry told CNN he spoke with retired Texas National Guard officer Bill Burkett -- the man who CBS said provided them with disputed documents -- days before the \"60 Minutes\" piece aired and after a call from a ... CBS Says it Was Misled on Fake Documents NPR (audio) Bush accuser finds himself as the subject of media\u0027s spotlight Baltimore Sun (subscription) Toronto Star - USA Today - Kansas City Star (subscription) - New York Post - all 1,155 related » San Diego Union Tribune\u0027Another beheading in 24 hours\u0027 Times of India - 22 minutes ago BAGHDAD: Militants beheaded an American in Iraq and said two fellow civilian hostages would meet the same fate within 24 hours if Washington failed to accept their demands. American Reported Beheaded in Iraq NPR (audio) Militants in Iraq behead American Arizona Republic This is London - Reuters - Boston Globe - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - all 1,293 related »     Dollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move Reuters - all 234 related » AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Halifax Live - all 44 related » If the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be ... CNN/SI - all 2,723 related » The Emmys Watch, or Not Washington Post - all 815 related » Test Blood Sugar Levels More Frequently Urge Researchers Health Talk - all 26 related » In The News  Ryder Cup  Jiang Zemin  Hu Jintao  Jose Antonio Camacho  Diego Maradona  Brian Clough  Emmy Awards  Britney Spears  Eugene Armstrong  Champions TrophyUSA TodaySan Diego Union TribuneDollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move Reuters - all 234 related » AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Halifax Live - all 44 related » If the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be ... CNN/SI - all 2,723 related » The Emmys Watch, or Not Washington Post - all 815 related » Test Blood Sugar Levels More Frequently Urge Researchers Health Talk - all 26 related »In The News Ryder Cup  Jiang Zemin  Hu Jintao  Jose Antonio Camacho  Diego Maradona  Brian Clough  Emmy Awards  Britney Spears  Eugene Armstrong  Champions Trophy  World  »     BBC NewsIndonesian police beef up security at Yudhoyono\u0027s residence Xinhua - 23 minutes ago The Indonesian police on Tuesday increased security measures at the residence of presidential candidate Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who looks set to enjoy a landslide victory in Monday\u0027s election. Indonesia\u0027s Yudhoyono Heads for Victory in Election (Update5) Bloomberg Ex-General Defeats Indonesia\u0027s Megawati, Test Awaits Reuters Seattle Times - Lexington Herald Leader - The Malaysia Star - Seven.com.au - all 703 related » Nature.comIran says to pursue nuclear program with or without IAEA ... Xinhua - 49 minutes ago Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will push on with its nuclear program even if it is forced to halt inspections by the UN nuclear watchdog. Iran Vows Nuclear Program Will Go Ahead Radio Free Europe Iran vows to continue its nuclear programme IranMania News swissinfo - National Business Review - The Scotsman - The Malaysia Star - all 1,098 related » ITV.comJeanne death toll over 600 in Haiti WJRT - 22 minutes ago (09/21/04)-- The death toll keeps rising in Haiti. Officials say at least 622 people have been killed by Hurricane Jeanne. Jeanne was downgraded to a tropical ... Tropical Storm Jeanne Batters Haiti, Killing 300 NPR (audio) Floods Kill More Than 600 People in Haiti ABC News Seattle Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - IndoLink - all 820 related »        U.S.  »     Muslim American SocietyKerry blasts `reckless\u0027 Bush on Iraq Toronto Star - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON—John Kerry has accused George W. Bush of creating a \"crisis of historic proportion\" with his invasion of Iraq, leaving Americans with the prospect of a war with no end in sight. Why is Kerry stuck? The Globe and Mail (subscription) Kerry steps up attack on Bush over Iraq National Post Seattle Times - New York Post - Santa Maria Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 824 related » Muslim American SocietyBush lifts sanctions on Libya News24 - 47 minutes ago Washington - US President George W Bush on Monday removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing. US Lifts Terror Sanctions on Libya NPR (audio) Bush Ends Libya Sanctions Los Angeles Times (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - IndoLink - Houston Chronicle - New York Times - all 345 related » News-Leader.comMichigan family of slain US contractor in Iraq prays for other ... Boston Globe - 42 minutes ago Through their grief and anger, relatives of an American construction worker beheaded in Iraq extended prayers for an American and a ... American beheaded; another threatened News-Leader.com US HOSTAGE DECAPITATED New York Post Detroit Free Press - New York Times - ABC News - The Scotsman - all 393 related » World  »    BBC NewsIndonesian police beef up security at Yudhoyono\u0027s residence Xinhua - 23 minutes ago The Indonesian police on Tuesday increased security measures at the residence of presidential candidate Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who looks set to enjoy a landslide victory in Monday\u0027s election. Indonesia\u0027s Yudhoyono Heads for Victory in Election (Update5) Bloomberg Ex-General Defeats Indonesia\u0027s Megawati, Test Awaits Reuters Seattle Times - Lexington Herald Leader - The Malaysia Star - Seven.com.au - all 703 related » Nature.comIran says to pursue nuclear program with or without IAEA ... Xinhua - 49 minutes ago Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will push on with its nuclear program even if it is forced to halt inspections by the UN nuclear watchdog. Iran Vows Nuclear Program Will Go Ahead Radio Free Europe Iran vows to continue its nuclear programme IranMania News swissinfo - National Business Review - The Scotsman - The Malaysia Star - all 1,098 related » ITV.comJeanne death toll over 600 in Haiti WJRT - 22 minutes ago (09/21/04)-- The death toll keeps rising in Haiti. Officials say at least 622 people have been killed by Hurricane Jeanne. Jeanne was downgraded to a tropical ... Tropical Storm Jeanne Batters Haiti, Killing 300 NPR (audio) Floods Kill More Than 600 People in Haiti ABC News Seattle Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - IndoLink - all 820 related »BBC NewsNature.comITV.com U.S.  »    Muslim American SocietyKerry blasts `reckless\u0027 Bush on Iraq Toronto Star - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON—John Kerry has accused George W. Bush of creating a \"crisis of historic proportion\" with his invasion of Iraq, leaving Americans with the prospect of a war with no end in sight. Why is Kerry stuck? The Globe and Mail (subscription) Kerry steps up attack on Bush over Iraq National Post Seattle Times - New York Post - Santa Maria Times - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 824 related » Muslim American SocietyBush lifts sanctions on Libya News24 - 47 minutes ago Washington - US President George W Bush on Monday removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing. US Lifts Terror Sanctions on Libya NPR (audio) Bush Ends Libya Sanctions Los Angeles Times (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - IndoLink - Houston Chronicle - New York Times - all 345 related » News-Leader.comMichigan family of slain US contractor in Iraq prays for other ... Boston Globe - 42 minutes ago Through their grief and anger, relatives of an American construction worker beheaded in Iraq extended prayers for an American and a ... American beheaded; another threatened News-Leader.com US HOSTAGE DECAPITATED New York Post Detroit Free Press - New York Times - ABC News - The Scotsman - all 393 related »Muslim American SocietyMuslim American SocietyNews-Leader.com Business  »     Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinDollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move Reuters - 45 minutes ago The dollar held broadly steady against major currencies on Tuesday as markets looked to the US Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later in the session and signal the future pace of monetary tightening. Doubts plague expected US rate rise The Globe and Mail (subscription) Update 2: Fed Expected to Boost Rates Again Forbes Orlando Sentinel (subscription) - Channel News Asia - Bloomberg - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - all 234 related » E-Commerce TimesChinese premier leaves for Kyrgyzstan, Russia amid Yukos oil move Channel News Asia - 29 minutes ago BEIJING: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao left here for Kyrgyzstan and Russia a day after embattled Russian oil giant Yukos said it was slashing supplies to China in a move analysts said was designed to cause maximum embarrassment in Moscow. China\u0027s crude oil imports jump over 37% Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) Export Cut to China Seen as Clever Strategy on Yukos\u0027s Part New York Times Forbes - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Xinhua - all 398 related » ServihooAlitalia\u0027s Board Approves a Rescue Plan New York Times - 4 hours ago Alitalia\u0027s board approved a four-year rescue plan Monday that was needed to unlock a 400 million-euro emergency loan and prevent bankruptcy, after unions agreed to thousands of job cuts. Alitalia Approves Relaunch Plan Forbes Analysts assert Alitalia still lacks a clear vision International Herald Tribune CNN - Bloomberg - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Special Broadcasting Service - all 138 related »        Sci/Tech  »     NewsFactor NetworkAMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Halifax Live - 2 hours ago Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks. AMD introduces new chip for notebook computers Xinhua AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup ComputerWorld eChannelLine - Tom\u0027s Hardware Guide - ARNnet - Digital Connect News (subscription) - all 44 related » BBC NewsWater-methane link strengthen life-on-Mars clues Xinhua - 8 hours ago The European Space Agency(ESA) says it has found concentrations of water vapour and the gas methane in the same places on Mars, which strengthen speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial life. Water And Methane Find Points To Life On Mars? Halifax Live Europeans hail latest data from Mars ABC Online ABC Science Online - CBC News - Space.com - Independent Online - all 19 related » US broadcasters object to planned digital TV bill USA Today - 1 hour ago US television broadcasters Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure millions of consumers can still watch television once broadcasters begin airing only in digital. Senate Panel to Vote on Digital TV Bill Reuters Bill Would Mandate, Subsidize Digital TV Los Angeles Times (subscription) Multichannel News (subscription) - Reuters - all 12 related » Business  »    Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinDollar Idles Ahead of Fed Rate Move Reuters - 45 minutes ago The dollar held broadly steady against major currencies on Tuesday as markets looked to the US Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later in the session and signal the future pace of monetary tightening. Doubts plague expected US rate rise The Globe and Mail (subscription) Update 2: Fed Expected to Boost Rates Again Forbes Orlando Sentinel (subscription) - Channel News Asia - Bloomberg - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - all 234 related » E-Commerce TimesChinese premier leaves for Kyrgyzstan, Russia amid Yukos oil move Channel News Asia - 29 minutes ago BEIJING: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao left here for Kyrgyzstan and Russia a day after embattled Russian oil giant Yukos said it was slashing supplies to China in a move analysts said was designed to cause maximum embarrassment in Moscow. China\u0027s crude oil imports jump over 37% Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) Export Cut to China Seen as Clever Strategy on Yukos\u0027s Part New York Times Forbes - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Xinhua - all 398 related » ServihooAlitalia\u0027s Board Approves a Rescue Plan New York Times - 4 hours ago Alitalia\u0027s board approved a four-year rescue plan Monday that was needed to unlock a 400 million-euro emergency loan and prevent bankruptcy, after unions agreed to thousands of job cuts. Alitalia Approves Relaunch Plan Forbes Analysts assert Alitalia still lacks a clear vision International Herald Tribune CNN - Bloomberg - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Special Broadcasting Service - all 138 related »Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinE-Commerce TimesServihoo Sci/Tech  »    NewsFactor NetworkAMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Halifax Live - 2 hours ago Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks. AMD introduces new chip for notebook computers Xinhua AMD adds mobile processor to Athlon 64 lineup ComputerWorld eChannelLine - Tom\u0027s Hardware Guide - ARNnet - Digital Connect News (subscription) - all 44 related » BBC NewsWater-methane link strengthen life-on-Mars clues Xinhua - 8 hours ago The European Space Agency(ESA) says it has found concentrations of water vapour and the gas methane in the same places on Mars, which strengthen speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial life. Water And Methane Find Points To Life On Mars? Halifax Live Europeans hail latest data from Mars ABC Online ABC Science Online - CBC News - Space.com - Independent Online - all 19 related » US broadcasters object to planned digital TV bill USA Today - 1 hour ago US television broadcasters Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure millions of consumers can still watch television once broadcasters begin airing only in digital. Senate Panel to Vote on Digital TV Bill Reuters Bill Would Mandate, Subsidize Digital TV Los Angeles Times (subscription) Multichannel News (subscription) - Reuters - all 12 related »NewsFactor NetworkBBC News Sports  »     Seattle Post IntelligencerIf the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be ... CNN/SI - 1 hour ago BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- America is sick of losing these Ryder Cups. Sick, sicker, sickest. The Euros have whupped the bejesus out of us now four of the last five times and, as American player Kenny Perry ... US team seeking answers after Ryder Cup setback Miami Herald (subscription) US on wrong side of Ryder Cup fairway Baltimore Sun (subscription) Arizona Republic - Boston Globe - Detroit Free Press - USA Today - all 2,723 related » ServihooClough: A genuine original BBC Sport - 23 minutes ago Although Brian Clough retired from management 11 years ago, he continued to monitor football with his usual passion. He followed the fortunes of his son, Nigel - the player-manager at Burton ... Wenger salutes \u0027true legend\u0027 Clough Football365.com THE GREATEST ENGLAND BOSS WE NEVER HAD The Mirror sportinglife.com - ic Wales - Scotland on Sunday - Independent - all 179 related » EurosportJob was a royal headache Boston Globe - 1 hour ago Benfica and Real Madrid set the standard for soccer success in Europe in the late 1950s and early \u002760s. The clubs have evolved much differently, but both have struggled ... The Real Madrid master plan seems flawed FOX Sports FOOTBALL: IS THIS THE REAL DEAL THAT WILL SEE SVEN WALK OUT ON ... The Mirror Otago Daily Times - ESPN - Goal.com - Xinhua - all 315 related »        Entertainment  »     News-Leader.comThe Emmys Watch, or Not Washington Post - 4 hours ago The 56th annual Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday night scored the franchise\u0027s smallest audience -- about 14 million viewers -- since the disaster of 1990. Mobsters whacked by angels at the Emmys The South African Star (subscription) Ratings tumble for Emmy Awards DetNews.com The Mirror - IAfrica South African News - Indianapolis Star - ABC News - all 815 related » China DailyBritney bombshell - she\u0027s married again Borneo Bulletin - 1 hour ago Britney Spears and dancer Kevin Federline grace the cover of the July 12, 2004, issue of People magazine. It was reported on Sept 19, 2004, that Spears married her fiance, Kevin Federline, in a surprise ceremony. BRITNEY COVERS ASSETS New York Post Pop star takes wedding plunge Houston Chronicle MTV - Arizona Republic - Rolling Stone - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - all 543 related » CTVCulkin charged with misdemeanor drug counts in Oklahoma WCAX - 3 hours ago OKLAHOMA CITY In Oklahoma City, prosecutors have charged former child star Macaulay Culkin with two misdemeanor drug counts. Culkin, best known for his role in the \"Home Alone\" movies, was arrested Friday ... Culkin charged with misdemeanor drug counts in Oklahoma KESQ Home Alone Star Faces Drugs Charges The Scotsman Melbourne Herald Sun - NewsOK.com (subscription) - Channel Oklahoma.com - KTOK - all 190 related » Sports  »    Seattle Post IntelligencerIf the US is ever going to defeat Europe, these changes need to be ... CNN/SI - 1 hour ago BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- America is sick of losing these Ryder Cups. Sick, sicker, sickest. The Euros have whupped the bejesus out of us now four of the last five times and, as American player Kenny Perry ... US team seeking answers after Ryder Cup setback Miami Herald (subscription) US on wrong side of Ryder Cup fairway Baltimore Sun (subscription) Arizona Republic - Boston Globe - Detroit Free Press - USA Today - all 2,723 related » ServihooClough: A genuine original BBC Sport - 23 minutes ago Although Brian Clough retired from management 11 years ago, he continued to monitor football with his usual passion. He followed the fortunes of his son, Nigel - the player-manager at Burton ... Wenger salutes \u0027true legend\u0027 Clough Football365.com THE GREATEST ENGLAND BOSS WE NEVER HAD The Mirror sportinglife.com - ic Wales - Scotland on Sunday - Independent - all 179 related » EurosportJob was a royal headache Boston Globe - 1 hour ago Benfica and Real Madrid set the standard for soccer success in Europe in the late 1950s and early \u002760s. The clubs have evolved much differently, but both have struggled ... The Real Madrid master plan seems flawed FOX Sports FOOTBALL: IS THIS THE REAL DEAL THAT WILL SEE SVEN WALK OUT ON ... The Mirror Otago Daily Times - ESPN - Goal.com - Xinhua - all 315 related »Seattle Post IntelligencerServihooEurosport Entertainment  »    News-Leader.comThe Emmys Watch, or Not Washington Post - 4 hours ago The 56th annual Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday night scored the franchise\u0027s smallest audience -- about 14 million viewers -- since the disaster of 1990. Mobsters whacked by angels at the Emmys The South African Star (subscription) Ratings tumble for Emmy Awards DetNews.com The Mirror - IAfrica South African News - Indianapolis Star - ABC News - all 815 related » China DailyBritney bombshell - she\u0027s married again Borneo Bulletin - 1 hour ago Britney Spears and dancer Kevin Federline grace the cover of the July 12, 2004, issue of People magazine. It was reported on Sept 19, 2004, that Spears married her fiance, Kevin Federline, in a surprise ceremony. BRITNEY COVERS ASSETS New York Post Pop star takes wedding plunge Houston Chronicle MTV - Arizona Republic - Rolling Stone - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - all 543 related » CTVCulkin charged with misdemeanor drug counts in Oklahoma WCAX - 3 hours ago OKLAHOMA CITY In Oklahoma City, prosecutors have charged former child star Macaulay Culkin with two misdemeanor drug counts. Culkin, best known for his role in the \"Home Alone\" movies, was arrested Friday ... Culkin charged with misdemeanor drug counts in Oklahoma KESQ Home Alone Star Faces Drugs Charges The Scotsman Melbourne Herald Sun - NewsOK.com (subscription) - Channel Oklahoma.com - KTOK - all 190 related »News-Leader.comChina DailyCTV Health  »     BBC NewsTest Blood Sugar Levels More Frequently Urge Researchers Health Talk - 2 hours ago Diabetics should be monitoring their blood sugar levels more frequently due to new research that suggests sustained elevated levels may increase the risk of heart disease. Rising blood sugar increases risk of cardiac disease, death Baltimore Sun (subscription) New Blood Test Advised for Diabetes Patients Reuters ABC Online - New York Times - Forbes - Medscape (subscription) - all 26 related » Blood Protein Gives Early Warning for Heart Disease Forbes - 12 hours ago High blood levels of an inflammatory marker called C-reactive protein seem to be a strong indicator of heart disease, and they might someday prove as useful as cholesterol ... Childhood Abuse Raises Heart Disease Risk Reuters Child Abuse Leads to Adult Heart Disease Yahoo News Medscape (subscription) - WebMD - Hindustan Times - all 11 related » MSNBCGOOD FOR YOU: Bill Clinton\u0027s heart crisis has lessons for everyone Detroit Free Press - 1 hour ago Former President Bill Clinton was discharged last week from New York Presbyterian hospital, where he had been recuperating from quadruple coronary artery bypass surgery. Heart patients? mental decline baffles doctors Boston Globe Bill Clinton\u0027s Big Test TIME ic Coventry - MSNBC - all 5 related »        More Top Stories     ServihooUN, leaders to focus on world poverty issue Detroit Free Press - 1 hour ago UNITED NATIONS -- The leaders of France and Brazil warned on Monday that poverty leads to violence and urged the international community to find ways to narrow the gap between rich and poor, casting a spotlight on the more than a billion people living on ... Brazil\u0027s leader denounces gap in world wealth Miami Herald (subscription) US Declines to Back Poverty Declaration Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - all 221 related » New Zealand HeraldSecurity row fires Australian poll CNN - 5 hours ago A political row has broken out in Australia over election campaign suggestions that Australia would consider a \"pre-emptive strike\" against terrorist operations in neighboring countries. Australia Won\u0027t Conduct Anti-Terrorism Strikes on Asian Allies Bloomberg PM defends stance on terror strikes Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) ABC Online - Channel News Asia - TVNZ - Xinhua - all 158 related » PakTribune.comIndia and US to strengthen ties BBC News - 2 hours ago Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is due to hold talks with US President George W Bush on the second leg of his eight-day foreign trip. No Timeframe Set For Kashmir Solution: Musharraf IndoLink PM to discuss strategic partnership Sify Hi Pakistan - Daily Times - Pakistan Dawn - New Kerala - all 123 related » Health  »    BBC NewsTest Blood Sugar Levels More Frequently Urge Researchers Health Talk - 2 hours ago Diabetics should be monitoring their blood sugar levels more frequently due to new research that suggests sustained elevated levels may increase the risk of heart disease. Rising blood sugar increases risk of cardiac disease, death Baltimore Sun (subscription) New Blood Test Advised for Diabetes Patients Reuters ABC Online - New York Times - Forbes - Medscape (subscription) - all 26 related » Blood Protein Gives Early Warning for Heart Disease Forbes - 12 hours ago High blood levels of an inflammatory marker called C-reactive protein seem to be a strong indicator of heart disease, and they might someday prove as useful as cholesterol ... Childhood Abuse Raises Heart Disease Risk Reuters Child Abuse Leads to Adult Heart Disease Yahoo News Medscape (subscription) - WebMD - Hindustan Times - all 11 related » MSNBCGOOD FOR YOU: Bill Clinton\u0027s heart crisis has lessons for everyone Detroit Free Press - 1 hour ago Former President Bill Clinton was discharged last week from New York Presbyterian hospital, where he had been recuperating from quadruple coronary artery bypass surgery. Heart patients? mental decline baffles doctors Boston Globe Bill Clinton\u0027s Big Test TIME ic Coventry - MSNBC - all 5 related »BBC NewsMSNBC More Top Stories    ServihooUN, leaders to focus on world poverty issue Detroit Free Press - 1 hour ago UNITED NATIONS -- The leaders of France and Brazil warned on Monday that poverty leads to violence and urged the international community to find ways to narrow the gap between rich and poor, casting a spotlight on the more than a billion people living on ... Brazil\u0027s leader denounces gap in world wealth Miami Herald (subscription) US Declines to Back Poverty Declaration Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - all 221 related » New Zealand HeraldSecurity row fires Australian poll CNN - 5 hours ago A political row has broken out in Australia over election campaign suggestions that Australia would consider a \"pre-emptive strike\" against terrorist operations in neighboring countries. Australia Won\u0027t Conduct Anti-Terrorism Strikes on Asian Allies Bloomberg PM defends stance on terror strikes Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) ABC Online - Channel News Asia - TVNZ - Xinhua - all 158 related » PakTribune.comIndia and US to strengthen ties BBC News - 2 hours ago Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is due to hold talks with US President George W Bush on the second leg of his eight-day foreign trip. No Timeframe Set For Kashmir Solution: Musharraf IndoLink PM to discuss strategic partnership Sify Hi Pakistan - Daily Times - Pakistan Dawn - New Kerala - all 123 related »ServihooNew Zealand HeraldPakTribune.com©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":47,"second":16},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
