{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 27 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 27 2003 2004 2005JUN JUL AUG272003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ITV.comClinton seal of approval: Former prez praises Kerry, rips Bush Boston Herald - 10 minutes ago Former President Bill Clinton moved to shore up one of John F. Kerry\u0027s biggest vulnerabilities last night, insisting that Kerry can take on terrorists and keep America safe. Old Leaders Draw Stark Contrasts With the GOP Los Angeles Times (subscription) Clinton wows the Democrat crowd ITV.com Christian Science Monitor - Toronto Star - Indianapolis Star - Baltimore Sun - and 1760 related » ReutersKidnappers in Iraq free Egyptian envoy Toronto Star - 10 minutes ago BAGHDADAn Egyptian diplomat kidnapped outside a mosque in Iraq last week said yesterday his captors had freed him and he was safe at the Egyptian embassy in Baghdad. Day in Iraq brings bombing, kidnappings, assassination Baltimore Sun Egyptian diplomat\u0027s release offers hope Reuters Detroit Free Press - The Age - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - Albawaba Middle East News - and 1037 related »     Aggressive or overvalued? Boston Globe - and 512 related » Yahoo, Google accused of aiding Chinese Net censorship The Age - and 269 related » An unconventional Fenway production Boston Globe - and 1303 related » \u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 fans welcome hero to hotbed Boston Globe - and 224 related » Medicare says low-income seniors won\u0027t lose drug subsidy because of heirlooms, insurance MLive.com - and 65 related » In the News  Kobe Bryant  Lori Hacking  John F. Kerry  George Bush  Los Angeles Times  Washington Post  Barack Obama  Iyad Allawi  Pervez Musharraf  Saddam Hussein\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ITV.comClinton seal of approval: Former prez praises Kerry, rips Bush Boston Herald - 10 minutes ago Former President Bill Clinton moved to shore up one of John F. Kerry\u0027s biggest vulnerabilities last night, insisting that Kerry can take on terrorists and keep America safe. Old Leaders Draw Stark Contrasts With the GOP Los Angeles Times (subscription) Clinton wows the Democrat crowd ITV.com Christian Science Monitor - Toronto Star - Indianapolis Star - Baltimore Sun - and 1760 related » ReutersKidnappers in Iraq free Egyptian envoy Toronto Star - 10 minutes ago BAGHDADAn Egyptian diplomat kidnapped outside a mosque in Iraq last week said yesterday his captors had freed him and he was safe at the Egyptian embassy in Baghdad. Day in Iraq brings bombing, kidnappings, assassination Baltimore Sun Egyptian diplomat\u0027s release offers hope Reuters Detroit Free Press - The Age - Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) - Albawaba Middle East News - and 1037 related »     Aggressive or overvalued? Boston Globe - and 512 related » Yahoo, Google accused of aiding Chinese Net censorship The Age - and 269 related » An unconventional Fenway production Boston Globe - and 1303 related » \u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 fans welcome hero to hotbed Boston Globe - and 224 related » Medicare says low-income seniors won\u0027t lose drug subsidy because of heirlooms, insurance MLive.com - and 65 related » In the News  Kobe Bryant  Lori Hacking  John F. Kerry  George Bush  Los Angeles Times  Washington Post  Barack Obama  Iyad Allawi  Pervez Musharraf  Saddam HusseinITV.comReutersAggressive or overvalued? Boston Globe - and 512 related » Yahoo, Google accused of aiding Chinese Net censorship The Age - and 269 related » An unconventional Fenway production Boston Globe - and 1303 related » \u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 fans welcome hero to hotbed Boston Globe - and 224 related » Medicare says low-income seniors won\u0027t lose drug subsidy because of heirlooms, insurance MLive.com - and 65 related »In the News Kobe Bryant  Lori Hacking  John F. Kerry  George Bush  Los Angeles Times  Washington Post  Barack Obama  Iyad Allawi  Pervez Musharraf  Saddam Hussein  World  » BBC NewsSudan: UN wrestles with sancyions threat Ireland Online - 25 minutes ago United Nations Security Council members say concerns remain over whether to threaten Sudan with sanctions, but hope a vote can be held this week. Ministers Threaten Sudan With Sanctions Los Angeles Times (subscription) Europe calls for Sudan sanctions BBC News Houston Chronicle - Reuters - United Press International - Jamaica Observer - and 695 related » Sydney Morning Herald230 NK Defectors Arrive in Seoul Korea Times - 25 minutes ago About 230 North Korean defectors on Tuesday arrived here from a Southeast Asian country in the largest-ever single group of defectors to reach South Korea. Hospital Collapse The Scotsman World briefs Salt Lake Tribune Sydney Morning Herald - New York Times - Reuters - Chosun Ilbo - and 132 related » CNNMilitants Leave a Bloody Trail Across Nation Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 10 minutes ago An official is killed, two foreigners are captured, and civilians die in car bombings and shooting attacks. An Egyptian hostage is freed. SUICIDE CAR BOMB KILLS 3 IRAQIS, WOUNDS 3 GIs Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) Related News Myrtle Beach Sun News Financial Times - Palm Beach Post - Guardian - swissinfo - and 337 related »        U.S.  » CNNPresident urges a quicker review of Sept. 11 report Baltimore Sun - 10 minutes ago CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush tried to seize the initiative on intelligence reform yesterday, meeting with aides and urging them to accelerate their review of proposals issued by the independent commission investigating the Sept. 11 ... Bush Urges Aides to Speed Up Review of 9/11 Proposals Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kerry wants Sept. 11 commission to extend its work MLive.com Washington Post - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - Reuters - and 379 related » BBC NewsCastro Slams Bush \u0027Lies and Slanders\u0027 on Sex Tours Reuters - 3 hours ago SANTA CLARA, Cuba (Reuters) - Cuban leader Fidel Castro questioned President Bush\u0027s mental fitness on Monday and rejected as \"lies and slanders\" recent charges by the American that Cuba encourages sex tourism. Castro denies sex tourism allegations Japan Today President Fidel Castro Rejects Bush Accusations on Sex Tourism Agencia Cubana de Noticias BBC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - News24 - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 120 related » Budget deadlock said to be near end San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago SACRAMENTO Legislative leaders were meeting with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger last night in an attempt to put the final touches on an agreement for a new state budget, ending a 26-day deadlock. State budget deal reached San Jose Mercury News (subscription) California reaches state budget deal Reuters Los Angeles Daily News - San Francisco Chronicle - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 124 related » World  »BBC NewsSudan: UN wrestles with sancyions threat Ireland Online - 25 minutes ago United Nations Security Council members say concerns remain over whether to threaten Sudan with sanctions, but hope a vote can be held this week. Ministers Threaten Sudan With Sanctions Los Angeles Times (subscription) Europe calls for Sudan sanctions BBC News Houston Chronicle - Reuters - United Press International - Jamaica Observer - and 695 related » Sydney Morning Herald230 NK Defectors Arrive in Seoul Korea Times - 25 minutes ago About 230 North Korean defectors on Tuesday arrived here from a Southeast Asian country in the largest-ever single group of defectors to reach South Korea. Hospital Collapse The Scotsman World briefs Salt Lake Tribune Sydney Morning Herald - New York Times - Reuters - Chosun Ilbo - and 132 related » CNNMilitants Leave a Bloody Trail Across Nation Los Angeles Times (subscription) - 10 minutes ago An official is killed, two foreigners are captured, and civilians die in car bombings and shooting attacks. An Egyptian hostage is freed. SUICIDE CAR BOMB KILLS 3 IRAQIS, WOUNDS 3 GIs Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) Related News Myrtle Beach Sun News Financial Times - Palm Beach Post - Guardian - swissinfo - and 337 related »BBC NewsSydney Morning HeraldCNN U.S.  »CNNPresident urges a quicker review of Sept. 11 report Baltimore Sun - 10 minutes ago CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush tried to seize the initiative on intelligence reform yesterday, meeting with aides and urging them to accelerate their review of proposals issued by the independent commission investigating the Sept. 11 ... Bush Urges Aides to Speed Up Review of 9/11 Proposals Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kerry wants Sept. 11 commission to extend its work MLive.com Washington Post - New York Times - Houston Chronicle - Reuters - and 379 related » BBC NewsCastro Slams Bush \u0027Lies and Slanders\u0027 on Sex Tours Reuters - 3 hours ago SANTA CLARA, Cuba (Reuters) - Cuban leader Fidel Castro questioned President Bush\u0027s mental fitness on Monday and rejected as \"lies and slanders\" recent charges by the American that Cuba encourages sex tourism. Castro denies sex tourism allegations Japan Today President Fidel Castro Rejects Bush Accusations on Sex Tourism Agencia Cubana de Noticias BBC News - Kansas City Star (subscription) - News24 - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 120 related » Budget deadlock said to be near end San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago SACRAMENTO Legislative leaders were meeting with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger last night in an attempt to put the final touches on an agreement for a new state budget, ending a 26-day deadlock. State budget deal reached San Jose Mercury News (subscription) California reaches state budget deal Reuters Los Angeles Daily News - San Francisco Chronicle - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - and 124 related »CNNBBC News Business  » New York TimesAggressive or overvalued? Boston Globe - 20 minutes ago The estimated price range for Google\u0027s planned initial public offering, between $108 and $135 per share, implies the company itself would be worth $29 billion to $36 billion. That\u0027s a lot of wiggle room, but ... Google\u0027s IPO could be worth NT$112,678,499,997 The Inquirer Google hits mania valuations National Post (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Detroit Free Press - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 512 related » San Diego Union TribuneVenture capital funding on upswing San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Venture capital investment in upstart companies continues to pick up speed, with deals nationally breaking $5 billion for the third consecutive quarter, according to two new surveys. Younger firms capture bigger cut of venture capital pie Seattle Times Venture funds invest $916m in NE firms Boston Globe Arizona Republic - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Line 56 News - and 61 related » BBC NewsCouncil endorses Commission\u0027s approach to WTO talks Euractiv - 15 minutes ago Meeting on 26 July, the External Relations Council endorsed the Commission\u0027s approach to ongoing talks in the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The discussions are scheduled to end with guidelines for negotiations in the Doha Round by the end of the week. At talks, a sense of urgency Miami Herald (subscription) Talks start as WTO deadline looms BBC News Forbes - Financial Times - Reuters - Christian Science Monitor - and 186 related »        Sci/Tech  » CTVYahoo, Google accused of aiding Chinese Net censorship The Age - 5 minutes ago An international press freedom group has lashed out at Yahoo and Google -- the two most popular Internet search engines -- for allegedly cooperating with the Chinese government to crackdown on web access. Virus strikes Google as it files for IPO Baltimore Sun Mydoom ate my Google The Inquirer Charlotte Observer (subscription) - Japan Today - This is London - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 269 related » BBC NewsApple and Motorola in music deal BBC News - 2 hours ago Apple is to produce a version of its iTunes online music downloading service which will be compatible with Motorola mobile phones. Motorola to Put iTunes in Cellphones Los Angeles Times (subscription) Apple strikes cell phone music deal CNET News.com New York Times - Information Week - Reuters - Financial Times - and 356 related » TechNewsWorldHackarmy Trojan strikes again Washington Times - 2 hours ago SACRAMENTO, CA, Jul. 26 (UPI) -- Internet users are advised to be cautious of Usenet groups reporting California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has died, because the sites have been infected with a Trojan Horse. Hacker\u0027s Osama bin Laden Hoax Terrorizes Computers TechNewsWorld Newest \"Suicide Trojan\" Is Arnold\u0027s InternetWeek.com CRN - New Zealand Herald - MacNewsWorld - Enterprise Security Today - and 84 related » Business  »New York TimesAggressive or overvalued? Boston Globe - 20 minutes ago The estimated price range for Google\u0027s planned initial public offering, between $108 and $135 per share, implies the company itself would be worth $29 billion to $36 billion. That\u0027s a lot of wiggle room, but ... Google\u0027s IPO could be worth NT$112,678,499,997 The Inquirer Google hits mania valuations National Post (subscription) Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Detroit Free Press - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 512 related » San Diego Union TribuneVenture capital funding on upswing San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Venture capital investment in upstart companies continues to pick up speed, with deals nationally breaking $5 billion for the third consecutive quarter, according to two new surveys. Younger firms capture bigger cut of venture capital pie Seattle Times Venture funds invest $916m in NE firms Boston Globe Arizona Republic - Hartford Courant (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - Line 56 News - and 61 related » BBC NewsCouncil endorses Commission\u0027s approach to WTO talks Euractiv - 15 minutes ago Meeting on 26 July, the External Relations Council endorsed the Commission\u0027s approach to ongoing talks in the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The discussions are scheduled to end with guidelines for negotiations in the Doha Round by the end of the week. At talks, a sense of urgency Miami Herald (subscription) Talks start as WTO deadline looms BBC News Forbes - Financial Times - Reuters - Christian Science Monitor - and 186 related »New York TimesSan Diego Union TribuneBBC News Sci/Tech  »CTVYahoo, Google accused of aiding Chinese Net censorship The Age - 5 minutes ago An international press freedom group has lashed out at Yahoo and Google -- the two most popular Internet search engines -- for allegedly cooperating with the Chinese government to crackdown on web access. Virus strikes Google as it files for IPO Baltimore Sun Mydoom ate my Google The Inquirer Charlotte Observer (subscription) - Japan Today - This is London - Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) - and 269 related » BBC NewsApple and Motorola in music deal BBC News - 2 hours ago Apple is to produce a version of its iTunes online music downloading service which will be compatible with Motorola mobile phones. Motorola to Put iTunes in Cellphones Los Angeles Times (subscription) Apple strikes cell phone music deal CNET News.com New York Times - Information Week - Reuters - Financial Times - and 356 related » TechNewsWorldHackarmy Trojan strikes again Washington Times - 2 hours ago SACRAMENTO, CA, Jul. 26 (UPI) -- Internet users are advised to be cautious of Usenet groups reporting California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has died, because the sites have been infected with a Trojan Horse. Hacker\u0027s Osama bin Laden Hoax Terrorizes Computers TechNewsWorld Newest \"Suicide Trojan\" Is Arnold\u0027s InternetWeek.com CRN - New Zealand Herald - MacNewsWorld - Enterprise Security Today - and 84 related »CTVBBC NewsTechNewsWorld Sports  » USA TodayAn unconventional Fenway production Boston Globe - 10 minutes ago We\u0027ve learned repeatedly in the past few years that the E in ESPN stands for Entertainment as the folks in Bristol, Conn., increasingly incorporate the entertainment world in their programming. A-Rod Reacts To Brawl Hartford Courant (subscription) Delegates judge Fenway Park \u0027the place to be\u0027 USA Today Washington Post - New York Times - Newsday - Newsweek - and 1303 related » USA TodayNeed genius to crack \u0027The Williams Code\u0027 San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Most fans won\u0027t understand why Ricky Williams would leave the Miami Dolphins at the start of training camp or why he would give up more than $5 million a year $3.6 million in salary this season plus $1.5 million in incentives at the peak of his ... Cowardly Williams took the money and ran away Seattle Times Miami can shake retirement shock Boston Globe Tallahassee Democrat - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - USA Today - and 987 related » Malayala ManoramaPwC ratings CricInfo.com - 10 minutes ago Brian Lara\u0027s twin failures in the Lord\u0027s Test against England has meant that Rahul Dravid has, for the first time in his career, taken over as the top Test batsman in the PwC ratings. Lara aggregated only 55 runs in his two innings at Lord\u0027s, resulting in ... England have the edge, says Vaughan Malayala Manorama Vaughan looks to turn screw BBC Sport SkySports - This is London - Jamaica Gleaner - Otago Daily Times - and 414 related »        Entertainment  » E! Online\u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 fans welcome hero to hotbed Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago A group of veterans and soldiers\u0027 families waited for Michael Moore in a North End park yesterday, chatting, eating pizza, checking their watches. The bomb-throwing filmmaker had been due at 11, and they were ... \u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 breaks documentary box office record at $100 mil. Japan Today Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027s success allowing Moore to plow ahead with new film, Sicko National Post (subscription) Reuters - Melbourne Herald Sun - Xinhua - Stuff.co.nz - and 224 related » MTV`Bourne\u0027 debuts as box-office top gun with $52.5 million MLive.com - 9 hours ago LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Matt Damon has carried out another hit. His sequel \"The Bourne Supremacy,\" about amnesiac assassin Jason Bourne, debuted with $52.5 million, nearly twice the take of \"The Bourne Identity\" during its first weekend. `Bourne Supremacy` douses `Catwoman\u0027s\u0027fire! Sify Final figures of weekend N. America box office Xinhua MTV - New York Times - USA Today - Guardian - and 273 related » FilmForce\u0027Revenge of the Sith`, Star Wars Sify - 3 hours ago London: Legendary director George Lucas has announced that the next Star Wars film will be called Revenge of the Sith. New Star Wars title revealed The Age Star Wars Episode III: Return of the Sith The Star Reuters - FilmForce - Calcutta Telegraph - Guardian - and 277 related » Sports  »USA TodayAn unconventional Fenway production Boston Globe - 10 minutes ago We\u0027ve learned repeatedly in the past few years that the E in ESPN stands for Entertainment as the folks in Bristol, Conn., increasingly incorporate the entertainment world in their programming. A-Rod Reacts To Brawl Hartford Courant (subscription) Delegates judge Fenway Park \u0027the place to be\u0027 USA Today Washington Post - New York Times - Newsday - Newsweek - and 1303 related » USA TodayNeed genius to crack \u0027The Williams Code\u0027 San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Most fans won\u0027t understand why Ricky Williams would leave the Miami Dolphins at the start of training camp or why he would give up more than $5 million a year $3.6 million in salary this season plus $1.5 million in incentives at the peak of his ... Cowardly Williams took the money and ran away Seattle Times Miami can shake retirement shock Boston Globe Tallahassee Democrat - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - USA Today - and 987 related » Malayala ManoramaPwC ratings CricInfo.com - 10 minutes ago Brian Lara\u0027s twin failures in the Lord\u0027s Test against England has meant that Rahul Dravid has, for the first time in his career, taken over as the top Test batsman in the PwC ratings. Lara aggregated only 55 runs in his two innings at Lord\u0027s, resulting in ... England have the edge, says Vaughan Malayala Manorama Vaughan looks to turn screw BBC Sport SkySports - This is London - Jamaica Gleaner - Otago Daily Times - and 414 related »USA TodayUSA TodayMalayala Manorama Entertainment  »E! Online\u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 fans welcome hero to hotbed Boston Globe - 50 minutes ago A group of veterans and soldiers\u0027 families waited for Michael Moore in a North End park yesterday, chatting, eating pizza, checking their watches. The bomb-throwing filmmaker had been due at 11, and they were ... \u0027Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027 breaks documentary box office record at $100 mil. Japan Today Fahrenheit 9/11\u0027s success allowing Moore to plow ahead with new film, Sicko National Post (subscription) Reuters - Melbourne Herald Sun - Xinhua - Stuff.co.nz - and 224 related » MTV`Bourne\u0027 debuts as box-office top gun with $52.5 million MLive.com - 9 hours ago LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Matt Damon has carried out another hit. His sequel \"The Bourne Supremacy,\" about amnesiac assassin Jason Bourne, debuted with $52.5 million, nearly twice the take of \"The Bourne Identity\" during its first weekend. `Bourne Supremacy` douses `Catwoman\u0027s\u0027fire! Sify Final figures of weekend N. America box office Xinhua MTV - New York Times - USA Today - Guardian - and 273 related » FilmForce\u0027Revenge of the Sith`, Star Wars Sify - 3 hours ago London: Legendary director George Lucas has announced that the next Star Wars film will be called Revenge of the Sith. New Star Wars title revealed The Age Star Wars Episode III: Return of the Sith The Star Reuters - FilmForce - Calcutta Telegraph - Guardian - and 277 related »E! OnlineMTVFilmForce Health  » Medicare says low-income seniors won\u0027t lose drug subsidy because of heirlooms, insurance MLive.com - 10 minutes ago WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Bush administration is filling in the multibillion-dollar details of last year\u0027s Medicare overhaul, from the drug insurance program that starts in 2006 to the payment rates for cancer doctors. Draft Rules for Medicare Law Unveiled Los Angeles Times (subscription) Officials: Medicare plan aimed at saving benefits USA Today Reuters - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Yahoo News - Bloomberg - and 65 related » Exercise: A Workout Without the Gym New York Times - 7 hours ago iabetics should not just think about the gym when it comes to protecting their hearts, according to a study from Finland released yesterday. It found that physical activity on the job had as big an effect as leisure-time workouts in ... Study: Moderate Exercise Helps Diabetics Avoid Death Reuters On-the-Job Exercise Helps Diabetics Forbes News-Medical.net - Health Talk - WebMD - Medical News Today - and 11 related » Dosanjh seeks voice in health London Free Press - 1 hour ago OTTAWA -- As the premiers prepare to forge a common position on health-care policy this week, federal Health Minister Ujjal Dosanjh is warning them not to expect any blank cheques from Ottawa. But he is firm the federal government will have a say in ... McGuinty Pushes Health Plan 580 CFRA Radio Don\u0027t forget plight of poor children Toronto Star The Globe and Mail - Winnipeg Sun - and 7 related »        More Top Stories USA TodayNational stage awaits state official San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Barack Obama is trying to keep things in perspective as he prepares for his 20 minutes in the national spotlight as tonight\u0027s keynote speaker at the Democratic National Convention. At the convention News-Leader.com A rising star gets a key role tonight Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) KVOA.com - Detroit Free Press - Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - USA Today - and 76 related » ITV.comUS Hands Over Some Guantanamo Detainees to France, AFP Says Bloomberg - 40 minutes ago July 27 (Bloomberg) -- The US handed over several French detainees at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to France, Agence France- Presse reported. France gets Guantanamo detainees: report The Age US hands over French detainees The Australian BBC News - swissinfo - ITV.com - Reuters - and 18 related » CNNS. Asia confronts flood aftermath CNN - 4 hours ago NEW DELHI, India -- More than two weeks after a heavy bout of monsoon rains caused flash floods in several parts of South Asia, officials are still grappling with rescuing people and airlifting aid to millions cut off by the floods. Flood and disease kill nearly 400 in Bangladesh Reuters Two-thirds of BD under water as 58 more people die Daily Times ABC News - USA Today - BBC News - Telegraph.co.uk - and 269 related » Health  »Medicare says low-income seniors won\u0027t lose drug subsidy because of heirlooms, insurance MLive.com - 10 minutes ago WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Bush administration is filling in the multibillion-dollar details of last year\u0027s Medicare overhaul, from the drug insurance program that starts in 2006 to the payment rates for cancer doctors. Draft Rules for Medicare Law Unveiled Los Angeles Times (subscription) Officials: Medicare plan aimed at saving benefits USA Today Reuters - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Yahoo News - Bloomberg - and 65 related » Exercise: A Workout Without the Gym New York Times - 7 hours ago iabetics should not just think about the gym when it comes to protecting their hearts, according to a study from Finland released yesterday. It found that physical activity on the job had as big an effect as leisure-time workouts in ... Study: Moderate Exercise Helps Diabetics Avoid Death Reuters On-the-Job Exercise Helps Diabetics Forbes News-Medical.net - Health Talk - WebMD - Medical News Today - and 11 related » Dosanjh seeks voice in health London Free Press - 1 hour ago OTTAWA -- As the premiers prepare to forge a common position on health-care policy this week, federal Health Minister Ujjal Dosanjh is warning them not to expect any blank cheques from Ottawa. But he is firm the federal government will have a say in ... McGuinty Pushes Health Plan 580 CFRA Radio Don\u0027t forget plight of poor children Toronto Star The Globe and Mail - Winnipeg Sun - and 7 related » More Top StoriesUSA TodayNational stage awaits state official San Diego Union Tribune - 10 minutes ago Barack Obama is trying to keep things in perspective as he prepares for his 20 minutes in the national spotlight as tonight\u0027s keynote speaker at the Democratic National Convention. At the convention News-Leader.com A rising star gets a key role tonight Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) KVOA.com - Detroit Free Press - Philadelphia Daily News (subscription) - USA Today - and 76 related » ITV.comUS Hands Over Some Guantanamo Detainees to France, AFP Says Bloomberg - 40 minutes ago July 27 (Bloomberg) -- The US handed over several French detainees at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to France, Agence France- Presse reported. France gets Guantanamo detainees: report The Age US hands over French detainees The Australian BBC News - swissinfo - ITV.com - Reuters - and 18 related » CNNS. Asia confronts flood aftermath CNN - 4 hours ago NEW DELHI, India -- More than two weeks after a heavy bout of monsoon rains caused flash floods in several parts of South Asia, officials are still grappling with rescuing people and airlifting aid to millions cut off by the floods. Flood and disease kill nearly 400 in Bangladesh Reuters Two-thirds of BD under water as 58 more people die Daily Times ABC News - USA Today - BBC News - Telegraph.co.uk - and 269 related »USA TodayITV.comCNN©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":56,"second":22},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
