{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 16 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 16 2003 2004 2005AUG SEP OCT162003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     Houston Chronicle2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq ABC News - 27 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from a house in the heart of the Iraqi capital Thursday, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. Two Americans, Briton kidnapped CNN Foreigners kidnapped in Baghdad are two Americans, one Briton Xinhua The Scotsman - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - Seattle Times - Telegraph.co.uk - all 159 related » New Philadelphia Times ReporterGulf Coast seniors brace for the worst Salt Lake Tribune - 59 minutes ago David Joliff almost died when the last hurricane that blew through Florida merely brushed this tiny panhandle retirement community. Some in New Orleans to Brave Storm NPR (audio) Tornadoes kill two in Panhandle beach town; 53-foot waves are ... Pioneer Press (subscription) The Globe and Mail (subscription) - Guardian - IndoLink - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - all 2,631 related »     Martha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Xinhua - all 904 related » Yahoo to buy Musicmatch for $160 million CNET News.com - all 409 related » Lockout imposed by NHL owners Arizona Republic - all 1,025 related » Zeta-Jones stalket to stand trial Ireland Online - all 150 related » Meeting fell short of ideals Toronto Star - all 301 related » In The News  Martha Stewart  Ryder Cup  Champions Trophy  Jacques Villeneuve  Anwar Ibrahim  Gulf Coast  John Kerry  Abbey National  Puerto Rico  Barry Bonds\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    AustraliaCanadaDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaNew ZealandU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    Houston Chronicle2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq ABC News - 27 minutes ago BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from a house in the heart of the Iraqi capital Thursday, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. Two Americans, Briton kidnapped CNN Foreigners kidnapped in Baghdad are two Americans, one Briton Xinhua The Scotsman - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - Seattle Times - Telegraph.co.uk - all 159 related » New Philadelphia Times ReporterGulf Coast seniors brace for the worst Salt Lake Tribune - 59 minutes ago David Joliff almost died when the last hurricane that blew through Florida merely brushed this tiny panhandle retirement community. Some in New Orleans to Brave Storm NPR (audio) Tornadoes kill two in Panhandle beach town; 53-foot waves are ... Pioneer Press (subscription) The Globe and Mail (subscription) - Guardian - IndoLink - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - all 2,631 related »     Martha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Xinhua - all 904 related » Yahoo to buy Musicmatch for $160 million CNET News.com - all 409 related » Lockout imposed by NHL owners Arizona Republic - all 1,025 related » Zeta-Jones stalket to stand trial Ireland Online - all 150 related » Meeting fell short of ideals Toronto Star - all 301 related » In The News  Martha Stewart  Ryder Cup  Champions Trophy  Jacques Villeneuve  Anwar Ibrahim  Gulf Coast  John Kerry  Abbey National  Puerto Rico  Barry BondsHouston ChronicleNew Philadelphia Times ReporterMartha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Xinhua - all 904 related » Yahoo to buy Musicmatch for $160 million CNET News.com - all 409 related » Lockout imposed by NHL owners Arizona Republic - all 1,025 related » Zeta-Jones stalket to stand trial Ireland Online - all 150 related » Meeting fell short of ideals Toronto Star - all 301 related »In The News Martha Stewart  Ryder Cup  Champions Trophy  Jacques Villeneuve  Anwar Ibrahim  Gulf Coast  John Kerry  Abbey National  Puerto Rico  Barry Bonds  World  »     Straits TimesAustralian PM rejects Annan\u0027s comments on Iraq war Xinhua - 27 minutes ago Australian Prime Minister John Howard on Thursday rejected UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan\u0027s criticism of the Iraq war as illegal, saying the Iraq war was \"entirely valid. Iraq war illegal: Annan NDTV.com Iraq war illegal, says Annan BBC News The Globe and Mail (subscription) - This is London - Japan Today - The Scotsman - all 192 related » Daily StarSudan govt to continue talks on Darfur Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Sudanese government says it is ready to continue talks with anti-government rebels after no progress made on the Darfur crisis during the peace talks in Nigeria\u0027s capital Abuja. More Friction Over UN Sudan Resolution Miami Herald (subscription) Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan: Signed article People\u0027s Daily Online Financial Times - Reuters - MTV - Press Trust of India - all 478 related » News24 (subscription)Couple linked with embassy attack arrested in Indonesia Xinhua - 27 minutes ago A man and his wife have been arrested in the Indonesian province of East Java with possible link to the last week\u0027s bombing outside the Australian Embassy here, police said Thursday. Indonesia Detains Couple in Embassy Blast Newsday Couple arrested over Jakarta bomb BBC News ABC News - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - NEWS.com.au - Christian Science Monitor - all 317 related »        U.S.  »     USA TodaySec\u0027y: Bush flew in face of rules New York Daily News - 30 minutes ago President Bush was resented by his fellow flyboys in the Texas Air National Guard because \"he didn\u0027t really have to go by the rules,\" a former Guard staffer claimed yesterday. CBS Defends Use of Purported Bush Memos NPR (audio) CBS anchor vows to pursue truth Seattle Times Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - The New York Sun (subscription) - New York Times - all 446 related » San Diego Union TribuneKerry lashes out at Bush Newsday - 1 hour ago Democrat John Kerry yesterday delivered a stinging indictment of George W. Bush\u0027s economic record, charging that he\u0027s offered \"more excuses than jobs\" and presided over record employment losses and a swollen deficit. Kerry Lays Out Economic Plan in Detroit WXYZ Kerry Blames Bush for Range of Economic Woes Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Boston Globe - The State - philly.com (subscription) - all 277 related » San Diego Union TribuneOutage led to 5 close calls, FAA says Indianapolis Star - 49 minutes ago LOS ANGELES -- A three-hour air traffic control outage Tuesday that grounded hundreds of flights across the West also led to five close calls in which planes didn\u0027t keep a recommended minimum distance between each other, the FAA said Wednesday. Radio outage imperiled airliners Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) Amid Sleepovers, Airports in the Southland Get Back on Schedule Los Angeles Times (subscription) San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Los Angeles Daily News - Pasadena Star-News - CNN - all 449 related » World  »    Straits TimesAustralian PM rejects Annan\u0027s comments on Iraq war Xinhua - 27 minutes ago Australian Prime Minister John Howard on Thursday rejected UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan\u0027s criticism of the Iraq war as illegal, saying the Iraq war was \"entirely valid. Iraq war illegal: Annan NDTV.com Iraq war illegal, says Annan BBC News The Globe and Mail (subscription) - This is London - Japan Today - The Scotsman - all 192 related » Daily StarSudan govt to continue talks on Darfur Xinhua - 1 hour ago The Sudanese government says it is ready to continue talks with anti-government rebels after no progress made on the Darfur crisis during the peace talks in Nigeria\u0027s capital Abuja. More Friction Over UN Sudan Resolution Miami Herald (subscription) Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan: Signed article People\u0027s Daily Online Financial Times - Reuters - MTV - Press Trust of India - all 478 related » News24 (subscription)Couple linked with embassy attack arrested in Indonesia Xinhua - 27 minutes ago A man and his wife have been arrested in the Indonesian province of East Java with possible link to the last week\u0027s bombing outside the Australian Embassy here, police said Thursday. Indonesia Detains Couple in Embassy Blast Newsday Couple arrested over Jakarta bomb BBC News ABC News - Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - NEWS.com.au - Christian Science Monitor - all 317 related »Straits TimesDaily StarNews24 (subscription) U.S.  »    USA TodaySec\u0027y: Bush flew in face of rules New York Daily News - 30 minutes ago President Bush was resented by his fellow flyboys in the Texas Air National Guard because \"he didn\u0027t really have to go by the rules,\" a former Guard staffer claimed yesterday. CBS Defends Use of Purported Bush Memos NPR (audio) CBS anchor vows to pursue truth Seattle Times Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Miami Herald (subscription) - The New York Sun (subscription) - New York Times - all 446 related » San Diego Union TribuneKerry lashes out at Bush Newsday - 1 hour ago Democrat John Kerry yesterday delivered a stinging indictment of George W. Bush\u0027s economic record, charging that he\u0027s offered \"more excuses than jobs\" and presided over record employment losses and a swollen deficit. Kerry Lays Out Economic Plan in Detroit WXYZ Kerry Blames Bush for Range of Economic Woes Los Angeles Times (subscription) Kansas City Star (subscription) - Boston Globe - The State - philly.com (subscription) - all 277 related » San Diego Union TribuneOutage led to 5 close calls, FAA says Indianapolis Star - 49 minutes ago LOS ANGELES -- A three-hour air traffic control outage Tuesday that grounded hundreds of flights across the West also led to five close calls in which planes didn\u0027t keep a recommended minimum distance between each other, the FAA said Wednesday. Radio outage imperiled airliners Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) Amid Sleepovers, Airports in the Southland Get Back on Schedule Los Angeles Times (subscription) San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Los Angeles Daily News - Pasadena Star-News - CNN - all 449 related »USA TodaySan Diego Union TribuneSan Diego Union Tribune Business  »     News-Leader.comMartha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Xinhua - 52 minutes ago Millionaire executive Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she\u0027s ready to go to prison as soon as possible, saying she wants to put her \"nightmare\" behind her and \"reclaim her good life\". Stewart requests prompt start to prison term Baltimore Sun (subscription) Stewart asks to start serving her prison sentence Boston Globe Los Angeles Times (subscription) - ABC News - The State - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - all 904 related » kgw.com (subscription)OPEC votes to lift output, aims to ease fears Boston Globe - 1 hour ago OPEC ministers yesterday agreed to increase their ceiling for oil production to help bring down stubbornly high prices in a decision that traders and analysts ... OPEC moves to ease supply worries Everett Herald OPEC raises ceiling for oil production The State Al Jazeera - Press-Enterprise (subscription) - Forbes - Calcutta Telegraph - all 620 related » ServihooAlitalia gets ground staff deal Reuters - 55 minutes ago Racing against the clock to stave off bankruptcy, Alitalia has clinched a deal with its ground staff, rolling back their benefits and opening the way for some 2,500 job cuts. Alitalia, Ground-Employees\u0027 Unions Agree to 2,500 Job Cuts Bloomberg Alitalia Delays Key Vote New York Times Guardian - Taipei Times - Forbes - eTaiwan News - all 175 related »        Sci/Tech  »     San Diego Union TribuneYahoo to buy Musicmatch for $160 million CNET News.com - 7 hours ago Yahoo said Tuesday that it is acquiring digital music specialist Musicmatch for $160 million in cash. The Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company said the buyout would help it expand its presence in the simmering ... Yahoo! Tunes In to Musicmatch Motley Fool Yahoo buys MusicMatch News 8 Austin TechNewsWorld - New York Times - HispanicBusiness.com - NPR (audio) - all 409 related » Techtree.comInternet Explorer Loses More Market Share eWeek - 2 hours ago Microsoft Internet Explorer is continuing to lose share in the browser market, as its much-smaller competitors chisel at its dominant position, new Web site visitor data shows. Mozilla fixes 10 flaws Silicon.com Firefox drawing fans away from Microsoft IE CNET News.com TechTV - ZDNet.com - Cool Tech Zone - The Register - all 55 related » NewsFactor NetworkMS Releases Fix For Graphics Flaw InternetNews.com - 10 hours ago Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important. Bill Gates e-mail ID plan rejected Times of India Another Patch Job From Microsoft Wired News PC World - CNET News.com - TechNewsWorld - NewsFactor Network - all 168 related » Business  »    News-Leader.comMartha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Xinhua - 52 minutes ago Millionaire executive Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she\u0027s ready to go to prison as soon as possible, saying she wants to put her \"nightmare\" behind her and \"reclaim her good life\". Stewart requests prompt start to prison term Baltimore Sun (subscription) Stewart asks to start serving her prison sentence Boston Globe Los Angeles Times (subscription) - ABC News - The State - Philadelphia Inquirer (subscription) - all 904 related » kgw.com (subscription)OPEC votes to lift output, aims to ease fears Boston Globe - 1 hour ago OPEC ministers yesterday agreed to increase their ceiling for oil production to help bring down stubbornly high prices in a decision that traders and analysts ... OPEC moves to ease supply worries Everett Herald OPEC raises ceiling for oil production The State Al Jazeera - Press-Enterprise (subscription) - Forbes - Calcutta Telegraph - all 620 related » ServihooAlitalia gets ground staff deal Reuters - 55 minutes ago Racing against the clock to stave off bankruptcy, Alitalia has clinched a deal with its ground staff, rolling back their benefits and opening the way for some 2,500 job cuts. Alitalia, Ground-Employees\u0027 Unions Agree to 2,500 Job Cuts Bloomberg Alitalia Delays Key Vote New York Times Guardian - Taipei Times - Forbes - eTaiwan News - all 175 related »News-Leader.comkgw.com (subscription)Servihoo Sci/Tech  »    San Diego Union TribuneYahoo to buy Musicmatch for $160 million CNET News.com - 7 hours ago Yahoo said Tuesday that it is acquiring digital music specialist Musicmatch for $160 million in cash. The Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company said the buyout would help it expand its presence in the simmering ... Yahoo! Tunes In to Musicmatch Motley Fool Yahoo buys MusicMatch News 8 Austin TechNewsWorld - New York Times - HispanicBusiness.com - NPR (audio) - all 409 related » Techtree.comInternet Explorer Loses More Market Share eWeek - 2 hours ago Microsoft Internet Explorer is continuing to lose share in the browser market, as its much-smaller competitors chisel at its dominant position, new Web site visitor data shows. Mozilla fixes 10 flaws Silicon.com Firefox drawing fans away from Microsoft IE CNET News.com TechTV - ZDNet.com - Cool Tech Zone - The Register - all 55 related » NewsFactor NetworkMS Releases Fix For Graphics Flaw InternetNews.com - 10 hours ago Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important. Bill Gates e-mail ID plan rejected Times of India Another Patch Job From Microsoft Wired News PC World - CNET News.com - TechNewsWorld - NewsFactor Network - all 168 related »San Diego Union TribuneTechtree.comNewsFactor Network Sports  »     StarPhoenixLockout imposed by NHL owners Arizona Republic - 28 minutes ago Commissioner Gary Bettman summed up the NHL\u0027s decision to lock out its players in five words Wednesday. \"We are out of gas,\" Bettman said in New York after the league\u0027s Board of Governors offered unanimous ... Puck stops here: Lockout is on Sun-Sentinel.com NHL owners officially lock out players Asbury Park Press Salt Lake Tribune - Grand Forks Herald - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - New York Daily News - all 1,025 related » Coos Bay WorldTeams seeking end to Ryder hostilities Arizona Republic - 28 minutes ago BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Hal Sutton has pretty much told the Europeans to \"get over it.\". The US Ryder Cup captain is tired of hearing about the ugly American celebration that took place five years ago ... UNDERCOVER FAN: Euros\u0027 road show continues Detroit Free Press Ryder Cup notebook: Drivable par-4 No. 6 could be a pivotal hole Dallas Morning News (subscription) Salt Lake Tribune - Newsday - Sun-Sentinel.com - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 837 related » Parsippany Daily RecordBallplayers need thicker skins to tolerate hecklers San Francisco Chronicle - 43 minutes ago The most brainless pitch of Frank Francisco\u0027s life -- the chair he threw that broke the nose of an Oakland Athletics fan -- could cost the Texas Rangers reliever a small fortune if a civil suit is filed against him. Mulder struggles in loss to Texas San Jose Mercury News (subscription) AL notebook: Mulder mauled by unpopular Rangers Seattle Times CNN/SI - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Houston Chronicle - MLB.com - all 1,647 related »        Entertainment  »     Telegraph.co.ukZeta-Jones stalket to stand trial Ireland Online - 2 hours ago A woman accused of stalking and threatening to kill actress Catherine Zeta-Jones will stand trial, a judge ruled today. The decision means the Oscar winning star and her husband Michael Douglas could return ... Zeta-Jones stalker ordered to stand trial IAfrica South African News Zeta-Jones Stalker Ordered to Stand Trial in LA Reuters New York Post - Elites TV - Ananova - Halifax Live - all 150 related » News-Leader.comMom: Brit\u0027s not trashy (at least from feet up) Arizona Republic - 4 hours ago Celebumom Lynne Spears says the media have been way too harsh in their criticism of daughter Britney\u0027s habit of walking barefoot into public bathrooms and looking generally skeezy. A Daisy Grows in Hazzard Film Stew Jessica Simpson Lands \"Daisy Duke\" Gig Halifax Live Seattle Post Intelligencer - E! Online - Chart Attack - MTV - all 183 related » USA TodayOnline Exclusive: ‘Wimbleton’ Match a Winning ‘Love’ Story The Daily Californian - 1 hour ago You heard it here first, folks: 2004 is the year of the romance. It\u0027s September, and while there\u0027s still the big Oscar push to go, so far the movies that have really stuck out, the movies that ... INT: Kirsten Dunst JoBlo.com Superficial plot stifles the heat in Wimbledon Winston Salem Journal Zap2it.com - USA Today - MSNBC - Newsday - all 52 related » Sports  »    StarPhoenixLockout imposed by NHL owners Arizona Republic - 28 minutes ago Commissioner Gary Bettman summed up the NHL\u0027s decision to lock out its players in five words Wednesday. \"We are out of gas,\" Bettman said in New York after the league\u0027s Board of Governors offered unanimous ... Puck stops here: Lockout is on Sun-Sentinel.com NHL owners officially lock out players Asbury Park Press Salt Lake Tribune - Grand Forks Herald - Baltimore Sun (subscription) - New York Daily News - all 1,025 related » Coos Bay WorldTeams seeking end to Ryder hostilities Arizona Republic - 28 minutes ago BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Hal Sutton has pretty much told the Europeans to \"get over it.\". The US Ryder Cup captain is tired of hearing about the ugly American celebration that took place five years ago ... UNDERCOVER FAN: Euros\u0027 road show continues Detroit Free Press Ryder Cup notebook: Drivable par-4 No. 6 could be a pivotal hole Dallas Morning News (subscription) Salt Lake Tribune - Newsday - Sun-Sentinel.com - Miami Herald (subscription) - all 837 related » Parsippany Daily RecordBallplayers need thicker skins to tolerate hecklers San Francisco Chronicle - 43 minutes ago The most brainless pitch of Frank Francisco\u0027s life -- the chair he threw that broke the nose of an Oakland Athletics fan -- could cost the Texas Rangers reliever a small fortune if a civil suit is filed against him. Mulder struggles in loss to Texas San Jose Mercury News (subscription) AL notebook: Mulder mauled by unpopular Rangers Seattle Times CNN/SI - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Houston Chronicle - MLB.com - all 1,647 related »StarPhoenixCoos Bay WorldParsippany Daily Record Entertainment  »    Telegraph.co.ukZeta-Jones stalket to stand trial Ireland Online - 2 hours ago A woman accused of stalking and threatening to kill actress Catherine Zeta-Jones will stand trial, a judge ruled today. The decision means the Oscar winning star and her husband Michael Douglas could return ... Zeta-Jones stalker ordered to stand trial IAfrica South African News Zeta-Jones Stalker Ordered to Stand Trial in LA Reuters New York Post - Elites TV - Ananova - Halifax Live - all 150 related » News-Leader.comMom: Brit\u0027s not trashy (at least from feet up) Arizona Republic - 4 hours ago Celebumom Lynne Spears says the media have been way too harsh in their criticism of daughter Britney\u0027s habit of walking barefoot into public bathrooms and looking generally skeezy. A Daisy Grows in Hazzard Film Stew Jessica Simpson Lands \"Daisy Duke\" Gig Halifax Live Seattle Post Intelligencer - E! Online - Chart Attack - MTV - all 183 related » USA TodayOnline Exclusive: ‘Wimbleton’ Match a Winning ‘Love’ Story The Daily Californian - 1 hour ago You heard it here first, folks: 2004 is the year of the romance. It\u0027s September, and while there\u0027s still the big Oscar push to go, so far the movies that have really stuck out, the movies that ... INT: Kirsten Dunst JoBlo.com Superficial plot stifles the heat in Wimbledon Winston Salem Journal Zap2it.com - USA Today - MSNBC - Newsday - all 52 related »Telegraph.co.ukNews-Leader.comUSA Today Health  »     Montreal GazetteMeeting fell short of ideals Toronto Star - 1 hour ago Ottawa—What began with Prime Minister Paul Martin\u0027s rash promise to publicly fix medicare for a generation came to a merciful end late last night after hours of private bargaining produced what may ultimately prove to be just another hastily applied ... PM pulls out a deal The Globe and Mail (subscription) Health pact will drain feds London Free Press CJAD - Canada.com - Health Talk - Reuters AlertNet - all 301 related » Parents don\u0027t regret speaking of death Newsday - 1 hour ago Parents who broached the subject of death with a child dying of cancer had no regrets about their choice, while some who hid the truth were sorry for not having the discussion, researchers report. Parents encouraged to talk about death with dying children Miami Herald (subscription) Somber words bring peace, and no regret Kansas City Star (subscription) Reuters - Ivanhoe - Team 4 News - Yahoo News - all 100 related » Researchers restore damaged eyesight with cheek tissue Mainichi Shimbun - 1 hour ago Patients whose eyes have been damaged by injuries or disease could have their eyesight restored in a new technique that uses membrane from the mouth to restore corneas, Japanese researchers have announced. Mouth Cells Coaxed to Repair Eye Damage Forbes Cheeks Replace Damaged Eyes in Japanese Study Reuters Forbes - Newsweek - all 10 related »        More Top Stories     New Zealand HeraldArmed police guard parliament after intrusion Reuters - 27 minutes ago Armed guards are patrolling parliament as an inquiry begins into how pro-hunting protesters caused one of the country\u0027s most embarrassing security breaches in years by breaking into the debating chamber. Angry mob of gentlemen storms British Commons The Globe and Mail (subscription) Inquiry launched into hunt protest Telegraph.co.uk BBC News - This is London - Seattle Times - Xinhua - all 588 related » Seattle Post IntelligencerTwo GOP leaders attack Iraq policy Boston Globe - 2 hours ago Two leading Republican legislators yesterday attacked the Bush administration\u0027s approach to rebuilding Iraq, in one of the strongest indictments ... US Seeks to Use Iraq Building Funds for Security NPR (audio) Two Republican senators say US policy in Iraq is in trouble Miami Herald (subscription) USA Today - Al-Jazeera - New York Times - Winston Salem Journal - all 304 related » BBC NewsPakistani Chief Might Retain His Dual Role New York Times - 6 hours ago Pakistan\u0027s information minister announced Wednesday night that President Pervez Musharraf would renege on a public promise to take off his military ... Pakistani official waffles on Musharraf\u0027s status The Globe and Mail (subscription) Assembly to debate Musharraf role BBC News ITV.com - Channel News Asia - National Post - Times of India - all 200 related » Health  »    Montreal GazetteMeeting fell short of ideals Toronto Star - 1 hour ago Ottawa—What began with Prime Minister Paul Martin\u0027s rash promise to publicly fix medicare for a generation came to a merciful end late last night after hours of private bargaining produced what may ultimately prove to be just another hastily applied ... PM pulls out a deal The Globe and Mail (subscription) Health pact will drain feds London Free Press CJAD - Canada.com - Health Talk - Reuters AlertNet - all 301 related » Parents don\u0027t regret speaking of death Newsday - 1 hour ago Parents who broached the subject of death with a child dying of cancer had no regrets about their choice, while some who hid the truth were sorry for not having the discussion, researchers report. Parents encouraged to talk about death with dying children Miami Herald (subscription) Somber words bring peace, and no regret Kansas City Star (subscription) Reuters - Ivanhoe - Team 4 News - Yahoo News - all 100 related » Researchers restore damaged eyesight with cheek tissue Mainichi Shimbun - 1 hour ago Patients whose eyes have been damaged by injuries or disease could have their eyesight restored in a new technique that uses membrane from the mouth to restore corneas, Japanese researchers have announced. Mouth Cells Coaxed to Repair Eye Damage Forbes Cheeks Replace Damaged Eyes in Japanese Study Reuters Forbes - Newsweek - all 10 related »Montreal Gazette More Top Stories    New Zealand HeraldArmed police guard parliament after intrusion Reuters - 27 minutes ago Armed guards are patrolling parliament as an inquiry begins into how pro-hunting protesters caused one of the country\u0027s most embarrassing security breaches in years by breaking into the debating chamber. Angry mob of gentlemen storms British Commons The Globe and Mail (subscription) Inquiry launched into hunt protest Telegraph.co.uk BBC News - This is London - Seattle Times - Xinhua - all 588 related » Seattle Post IntelligencerTwo GOP leaders attack Iraq policy Boston Globe - 2 hours ago Two leading Republican legislators yesterday attacked the Bush administration\u0027s approach to rebuilding Iraq, in one of the strongest indictments ... US Seeks to Use Iraq Building Funds for Security NPR (audio) Two Republican senators say US policy in Iraq is in trouble Miami Herald (subscription) USA Today - Al-Jazeera - New York Times - Winston Salem Journal - all 304 related » BBC NewsPakistani Chief Might Retain His Dual Role New York Times - 6 hours ago Pakistan\u0027s information minister announced Wednesday night that President Pervez Musharraf would renege on a public promise to take off his military ... Pakistani official waffles on Musharraf\u0027s status The Globe and Mail (subscription) Assembly to debate Musharraf role BBC News ITV.com - Channel News Asia - National Post - Times of India - all 200 related »New Zealand HeraldSeattle Post IntelligencerBBC News©2004 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":16,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":36,"second":36},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
