{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 14 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 14 2003 2004 2005JUL AUG SEP142003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ReutersCharley Slams Florida\u0027s West Coast, May Cost $15 Bln (Update4) Bloomberg - 10 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- Hurricane Charley began weakening after it slammed into Florida\u0027s west coast today. It\u0027s the most powerful hurricane to hit the US since Hurricane Andrew in 1992, and Charley may cost insurers more than $15 billion. Hurricane Intensified Unexpectedly Near Florida New York Times Residents ride out \u0027nightmare\u0027 hurricane Dallas Morning News (subscription) 68 Caliber - Reuters - The South African Star (subscription) - Washington Post - and 3115 related » New York TimesEx-Aide Says He Was Victim of McGreevey New York Times - 5 minutes ago RENTON, Aug. 13 - A former aide to Gov. James E. McGreevey of New Jersey identified himself Friday as the man with whom the governor had an extramarital affair but said the relationship was far from consensual. NJ Governor to Resign Amid Scandal over Gay Affair NPR (audio) Former Aide: \u0027I Was the Victim\u0027 philly.com (subscription) The Age - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Reuters - The Scotsman - and 1429 related »     Because of, Or Despite, News, Bids Placed in IPO Washington Post - and 830 related » Is Microsoft\u0027s Firewall Secure? PC World - and 171 related » Tiger down but not out Newsday - and 1775 related » \"M:I-3\" delayed, Cruise goes to war Xinhua - and 39 related » New Drugs Thwart Dirty Bomb Effects Forbes - and 176 related » In the News  Mayor Gavin Newsom  Fort Myers  Washington Post  Al Qaeda  Republican Party  James McGreevey  Senator John  Typhoon Rananim  Armed Forces  Shiite Muslim\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ReutersCharley Slams Florida\u0027s West Coast, May Cost $15 Bln (Update4) Bloomberg - 10 minutes ago Aug. 13 (Bloomberg) -- Hurricane Charley began weakening after it slammed into Florida\u0027s west coast today. It\u0027s the most powerful hurricane to hit the US since Hurricane Andrew in 1992, and Charley may cost insurers more than $15 billion. Hurricane Intensified Unexpectedly Near Florida New York Times Residents ride out \u0027nightmare\u0027 hurricane Dallas Morning News (subscription) 68 Caliber - Reuters - The South African Star (subscription) - Washington Post - and 3115 related » New York TimesEx-Aide Says He Was Victim of McGreevey New York Times - 5 minutes ago RENTON, Aug. 13 - A former aide to Gov. James E. McGreevey of New Jersey identified himself Friday as the man with whom the governor had an extramarital affair but said the relationship was far from consensual. NJ Governor to Resign Amid Scandal over Gay Affair NPR (audio) Former Aide: \u0027I Was the Victim\u0027 philly.com (subscription) The Age - Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) - Reuters - The Scotsman - and 1429 related »     Because of, Or Despite, News, Bids Placed in IPO Washington Post - and 830 related » Is Microsoft\u0027s Firewall Secure? PC World - and 171 related » Tiger down but not out Newsday - and 1775 related » \"M:I-3\" delayed, Cruise goes to war Xinhua - and 39 related » New Drugs Thwart Dirty Bomb Effects Forbes - and 176 related » In the News  Mayor Gavin Newsom  Fort Myers  Washington Post  Al Qaeda  Republican Party  James McGreevey  Senator John  Typhoon Rananim  Armed Forces  Shiite MuslimReutersNew York TimesBecause of, Or Despite, News, Bids Placed in IPO Washington Post - and 830 related » Is Microsoft\u0027s Firewall Secure? PC World - and 171 related » Tiger down but not out Newsday - and 1775 related » \"M:I-3\" delayed, Cruise goes to war Xinhua - and 39 related » New Drugs Thwart Dirty Bomb Effects Forbes - and 176 related »In the News Mayor Gavin Newsom  Fort Myers  Washington Post  Al Qaeda  Republican Party  James McGreevey  Senator John  Typhoon Rananim  Armed Forces  Shiite Muslim  World  » BBC NewsCeasefire holds in Iraq holy city BBC News - 25 minutes ago A temporary truce appears to be holding in Iraq\u0027s holy city of Najaf after more than a week of fierce clashes between Shia militia and US-led forces. Cleric \u0027won\u0027t be touched if he surrenders\u0027 touch if he leaves shrine The South African Star (subscription) Radical Iraqi cleric appears with bandages Deepika New York Times - ABC Online - Radio Free Europe - Reuters - and 2818 related » GuardianKidnapped journalist is freed after Sadr\u0027s men broker deal Independent - 4 hours ago The grainy video footage that flashed around the world shortly after 8.30am yesterday followed a chillingly familiar script ­ a masked captor threatening to kill his frightened, half-naked hostage. Reporter\u0027s kidnap begs serious questions of Iraq security The Scotsman Cleric calls for reporter\u0027s release Guardian KING5.com (subscription) - Reuters - Xinhua - Telegraph.co.uk - and 456 related » Radio Free EuropeGeorgia and Separatist Region Close to an Official Cease-Fire New York Times - 2 hours ago BILISI, Georgia, Aug. 13 (Reuters) - Georgia and the separatist province of South Ossetia appeared to be near an official cease-fire on Friday, offering hope for a halt to the recent violent expansion of their dispute over the region\u0027s status. Abkhazia is counting on a cavalry from Moscow International Herald Tribune Georgian, South Ossetian Negotiators Reach Ceasefire Radio Free Europe Seattle Post Intelligencer - Reuters - Daily Times - Voice of America - and 209 related »        U.S.  » ABC NewsKerry on Defensive About Iraq Washington Post - 15 minutes ago Over the past week, President Bush and Vice President Cheney have thrown Sen. John F. Kerry on the defensive with a daily assault designed to tarnish his credentials as a possible commander in chief. But the orchestrated attacks also revealed ... New Bush Spot Renews Sharp Attacks New York Times Political Analysis with Juan Williams: Kerry and Iraq NPR (audio) Wisconsin State Journal - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - USA Today - and 272 related » KXTVCourt Rules Against City of San Francisco in Gay Marriage Case KXTV - 4 hours ago On Thursday fhe California Supreme Court ruled against the City of San Francisco\u0027s policy of issuing same-sex marriage licenses, and voided all gay marriages conducted by the city. Gay couples see benefits of marriage ripped away San Jose Mercury News (subscription) California Supreme Court nixes thousands of same-sex marriages The NewStandard NPR (audio) - Feminist Majority Foundation - New York Times - Washington Post - and 1090 related » Seattle TimesAgents can now \"Expedite Removal\" of Illegals KVIA - 4 hours ago The Department of Homeland security gives Border Patrol Agents the power to send illegal immigrants back home without appearing before a judge. Officials are not calling this process a \"deportation.\", they call it \"expedited removal\" and it gives Agents ... UN Concerned by US Handling of Asylum Seekers Reuters Border Patrol\u0027s Southern California interior unit pulled back San Jose Mercury News (subscription) New York Times - Yuma Sun - Reuters AlertNet - The Columbian - and 86 related » World  »BBC NewsCeasefire holds in Iraq holy city BBC News - 25 minutes ago A temporary truce appears to be holding in Iraq\u0027s holy city of Najaf after more than a week of fierce clashes between Shia militia and US-led forces. Cleric \u0027won\u0027t be touched if he surrenders\u0027 touch if he leaves shrine The South African Star (subscription) Radical Iraqi cleric appears with bandages Deepika New York Times - ABC Online - Radio Free Europe - Reuters - and 2818 related » GuardianKidnapped journalist is freed after Sadr\u0027s men broker deal Independent - 4 hours ago The grainy video footage that flashed around the world shortly after 8.30am yesterday followed a chillingly familiar script ­ a masked captor threatening to kill his frightened, half-naked hostage. Reporter\u0027s kidnap begs serious questions of Iraq security The Scotsman Cleric calls for reporter\u0027s release Guardian KING5.com (subscription) - Reuters - Xinhua - Telegraph.co.uk - and 456 related » Radio Free EuropeGeorgia and Separatist Region Close to an Official Cease-Fire New York Times - 2 hours ago BILISI, Georgia, Aug. 13 (Reuters) - Georgia and the separatist province of South Ossetia appeared to be near an official cease-fire on Friday, offering hope for a halt to the recent violent expansion of their dispute over the region\u0027s status. Abkhazia is counting on a cavalry from Moscow International Herald Tribune Georgian, South Ossetian Negotiators Reach Ceasefire Radio Free Europe Seattle Post Intelligencer - Reuters - Daily Times - Voice of America - and 209 related »BBC NewsGuardianRadio Free Europe U.S.  »ABC NewsKerry on Defensive About Iraq Washington Post - 15 minutes ago Over the past week, President Bush and Vice President Cheney have thrown Sen. John F. Kerry on the defensive with a daily assault designed to tarnish his credentials as a possible commander in chief. But the orchestrated attacks also revealed ... New Bush Spot Renews Sharp Attacks New York Times Political Analysis with Juan Williams: Kerry and Iraq NPR (audio) Wisconsin State Journal - Miami Herald (subscription) - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - USA Today - and 272 related » KXTVCourt Rules Against City of San Francisco in Gay Marriage Case KXTV - 4 hours ago On Thursday fhe California Supreme Court ruled against the City of San Francisco\u0027s policy of issuing same-sex marriage licenses, and voided all gay marriages conducted by the city. Gay couples see benefits of marriage ripped away San Jose Mercury News (subscription) California Supreme Court nixes thousands of same-sex marriages The NewStandard NPR (audio) - Feminist Majority Foundation - New York Times - Washington Post - and 1090 related » Seattle TimesAgents can now \"Expedite Removal\" of Illegals KVIA - 4 hours ago The Department of Homeland security gives Border Patrol Agents the power to send illegal immigrants back home without appearing before a judge. Officials are not calling this process a \"deportation.\", they call it \"expedited removal\" and it gives Agents ... UN Concerned by US Handling of Asylum Seekers Reuters Border Patrol\u0027s Southern California interior unit pulled back San Jose Mercury News (subscription) New York Times - Yuma Sun - Reuters AlertNet - The Columbian - and 86 related »ABC NewsKXTVSeattle Times Business  » ABC NewsBecause of, Or Despite, News, Bids Placed in IPO Washington Post - 50 minutes ago Patel said he followed every scrap of news surrounding the much-hyped auction that began yesterday morning to sell initial public shares in the Internet search firm Google Inc. Google\u0027s Slow Search for a Good Share Price New York Times Google floats under a cloud Guardian The Scotsman - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Independent - and 830 related » ReutersExplosion at BP refinery pushes oil to new record Guardian - 1 hour ago Oil prices set yet another record yesterday following an explosion at a BP refinery in the United States and jitters ahead of a referendum this weekend in Venezuela. Oil soars amid fears Reuters Oil price rises on fears Venezuela will oust Chavez Telegraph.co.uk Melbourne Herald Sun - Bloomberg - The Globe and Mail - Daily Star - and 312 related » ABC NewsDell Gives Hope on Corporate Tech Spending Forbes - 10 hours ago Just when many investors were about to yank technology stocks out of their portfolio before share prices drift any lower, along came Dell. Stocks to boot up CNN S\u0026P 500 Erases Gain on Snow Comments; Hewlett-Packard Declines Bloomberg Washington Post - New York Times - Reuters - San Francisco Chronicle - and 229 related »        Sci/Tech  » Enterprise Security TodayIs Microsoft\u0027s Firewall Secure? PC World - 2 hours ago Security experts and vendors this week welcomed the introduction of Windows Firewall, part of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), as a valuable way of protecting PCs. But while the firewall is an improvement, it falls short of the standard of protection ... Week in review: XP update unleashed CNET News.com Patchwork Begins CRN ZDNet.com - Enterprise Security Today - SearchWindows2000.com - VNUNet.com - and 171 related » Science NewsGrowth Spurt: Teenage tyrannosaurs packed on the pounds Science News - 6 hours ago Detailed analyses of fossils of Tyrannosaurus rex and some of its more ancient kin suggest that the creatures experienced an extended surge in growth during adolescence, putting on as much as half their adult weight in a mere 4 years. T. Rex Gained Tons During Super-Puberty, Study Shows Washington Post Growth Study Shows T. Rex Teens Would Have Been a Handful Scientific American (subscription) New York Times - National Geographic - Reuters - Forbes - and 167 related » Al-JazeeraNASA Identifies Foam Flaw That Killed Astronauts Reuters - 6 hours ago NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - The foam that struck the space shuttle Columbia soon after liftoff -- resulting in the deaths of seven astronauts -- was defective, the result of applying insulation to the shuttle\u0027s external fuel tank, NASA said ... Cameras to eye space shuttle safety New Scientist Faulty foam caused Columbia crash Al-Jazeera swissinfo - CBC News - Houston Chronicle - Times Picayune - and 42 related » Business  »ABC NewsBecause of, Or Despite, News, Bids Placed in IPO Washington Post - 50 minutes ago Patel said he followed every scrap of news surrounding the much-hyped auction that began yesterday morning to sell initial public shares in the Internet search firm Google Inc. Google\u0027s Slow Search for a Good Share Price New York Times Google floats under a cloud Guardian The Scotsman - Reuters - International Herald Tribune - Independent - and 830 related » ReutersExplosion at BP refinery pushes oil to new record Guardian - 1 hour ago Oil prices set yet another record yesterday following an explosion at a BP refinery in the United States and jitters ahead of a referendum this weekend in Venezuela. Oil soars amid fears Reuters Oil price rises on fears Venezuela will oust Chavez Telegraph.co.uk Melbourne Herald Sun - Bloomberg - The Globe and Mail - Daily Star - and 312 related » ABC NewsDell Gives Hope on Corporate Tech Spending Forbes - 10 hours ago Just when many investors were about to yank technology stocks out of their portfolio before share prices drift any lower, along came Dell. Stocks to boot up CNN S\u0026P 500 Erases Gain on Snow Comments; Hewlett-Packard Declines Bloomberg Washington Post - New York Times - Reuters - San Francisco Chronicle - and 229 related »ABC NewsReutersABC News Sci/Tech  »Enterprise Security TodayIs Microsoft\u0027s Firewall Secure? PC World - 2 hours ago Security experts and vendors this week welcomed the introduction of Windows Firewall, part of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), as a valuable way of protecting PCs. But while the firewall is an improvement, it falls short of the standard of protection ... Week in review: XP update unleashed CNET News.com Patchwork Begins CRN ZDNet.com - Enterprise Security Today - SearchWindows2000.com - VNUNet.com - and 171 related » Science NewsGrowth Spurt: Teenage tyrannosaurs packed on the pounds Science News - 6 hours ago Detailed analyses of fossils of Tyrannosaurus rex and some of its more ancient kin suggest that the creatures experienced an extended surge in growth during adolescence, putting on as much as half their adult weight in a mere 4 years. T. Rex Gained Tons During Super-Puberty, Study Shows Washington Post Growth Study Shows T. Rex Teens Would Have Been a Handful Scientific American (subscription) New York Times - National Geographic - Reuters - Forbes - and 167 related » Al-JazeeraNASA Identifies Foam Flaw That Killed Astronauts Reuters - 6 hours ago NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - The foam that struck the space shuttle Columbia soon after liftoff -- resulting in the deaths of seven astronauts -- was defective, the result of applying insulation to the shuttle\u0027s external fuel tank, NASA said ... Cameras to eye space shuttle safety New Scientist Faulty foam caused Columbia crash Al-Jazeera swissinfo - CBC News - Houston Chronicle - Times Picayune - and 42 related »Enterprise Security TodayScience NewsAl-Jazeera Sports  » New York TimesTiger down but not out Newsday - 15 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. -- As much as he is struggling, Tiger Woods still occasionally can find a way to rise above it and do something no one else can do. He proved once again that he can turn Friday into Sunday. Singh, Leonard tied for lead as Tiger rallies to make the cut San Jose Mercury News (subscription) SPORTS OF THE TIMES Woods Grinds It Out and Makes the Cut Again New York Times ESPN - CNN/SI - MSNBC - Reuters - and 1775 related » CNNCriticism Takes Toll on Judge in Bryant Sexual Assault Case New York Times - 45 minutes ago ENVER, Aug. 13 - Judge W. Terry Ruckriegle, who presides over the Kobe Bryant rape case, has become the man people love to hate. Judge denies Bryant trial delay Melbourne Herald Sun Judge in Kobe Bryant Case Refuses to Delay Trial Reuters San Francisco Chronicle - Sports Network - CNN - CBC News - and 1057 related » New York TimesOpening ceremonies go off without a hint of a hitch San Diego Union Tribune - 25 minutes ago ATHENS, Greece That Friday night\u0027s opening ceremonies of the XXVIII Olympic Summer Games came off flawlessly, cleverly and spectacularly should not have surprised the world in the least. Greece puts on a classical spectacle Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) The Games Begin, Cautiously New York Times ESPN - USA Today - The Scotsman - Asahi Shimbun - and 1395 related »        Entertainment  » andPOP\"M:I-3\" delayed, Cruise goes to war Xinhua - 20 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 14 (Xinhuanet) -- Hollywood star Tom Cruise is temporarily abandoning espionage for an alien invasion. Cruise Delays Mission For War of the Worlds antiMUSIC.com Mission Impossible 3: Not Entirely Impossible Halifax Live Reuters - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Teen Hollywood - Elites TV - and 39 related » Dallas Morning News (subscription)Fans Go to Julia\u0027s Kitchen for Comfort Washington Post - 15 minutes ago The 25-year-old Web developer and Capitol Hill resident bought the half-dozen, long-stemmed roses at the McPherson Square Metro station on his lunch break. And then he walked into the Smithsonian Institution\u0027s National Museum of ... TV chef Julia Child dies at 91 Dallas Morning News (subscription) Prepare a classic dish and drink a toast in memory of Julia Child Seattle Post Intelligencer ABC News - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - TruthNews.com - and 494 related » Zap2it.comEastwood settles $10m suit The Scotsman - 55 minutes ago THE Hollywood legend Clint Eastwood this week settled a multi-million-dollar libel lawsuit over an unauthorised biography that accused him of beating his first wife. Eastwood Settles Wife Beating Libel Suit antiMUSIC.com Actor/director settles libel lawsuit TheCelebrityCafe.com Elites TV - Reuters - Ireland Online - Big News Network.com - and 142 related » Sports  »New York TimesTiger down but not out Newsday - 15 minutes ago HAVEN, Wis. -- As much as he is struggling, Tiger Woods still occasionally can find a way to rise above it and do something no one else can do. He proved once again that he can turn Friday into Sunday. Singh, Leonard tied for lead as Tiger rallies to make the cut San Jose Mercury News (subscription) SPORTS OF THE TIMES Woods Grinds It Out and Makes the Cut Again New York Times ESPN - CNN/SI - MSNBC - Reuters - and 1775 related » CNNCriticism Takes Toll on Judge in Bryant Sexual Assault Case New York Times - 45 minutes ago ENVER, Aug. 13 - Judge W. Terry Ruckriegle, who presides over the Kobe Bryant rape case, has become the man people love to hate. Judge denies Bryant trial delay Melbourne Herald Sun Judge in Kobe Bryant Case Refuses to Delay Trial Reuters San Francisco Chronicle - Sports Network - CNN - CBC News - and 1057 related » New York TimesOpening ceremonies go off without a hint of a hitch San Diego Union Tribune - 25 minutes ago ATHENS, Greece That Friday night\u0027s opening ceremonies of the XXVIII Olympic Summer Games came off flawlessly, cleverly and spectacularly should not have surprised the world in the least. Greece puts on a classical spectacle Atlanta Journal Constitution (subscription) The Games Begin, Cautiously New York Times ESPN - USA Today - The Scotsman - Asahi Shimbun - and 1395 related »New York TimesCNNNew York Times Entertainment  »andPOP\"M:I-3\" delayed, Cruise goes to war Xinhua - 20 minutes ago BEIJING, Aug. 14 (Xinhuanet) -- Hollywood star Tom Cruise is temporarily abandoning espionage for an alien invasion. Cruise Delays Mission For War of the Worlds antiMUSIC.com Mission Impossible 3: Not Entirely Impossible Halifax Live Reuters - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Teen Hollywood - Elites TV - and 39 related » Dallas Morning News (subscription)Fans Go to Julia\u0027s Kitchen for Comfort Washington Post - 15 minutes ago The 25-year-old Web developer and Capitol Hill resident bought the half-dozen, long-stemmed roses at the McPherson Square Metro station on his lunch break. And then he walked into the Smithsonian Institution\u0027s National Museum of ... TV chef Julia Child dies at 91 Dallas Morning News (subscription) Prepare a classic dish and drink a toast in memory of Julia Child Seattle Post Intelligencer ABC News - Entertainment Weekly (subscription) - Kansas City Star (subscription) - TruthNews.com - and 494 related » Zap2it.comEastwood settles $10m suit The Scotsman - 55 minutes ago THE Hollywood legend Clint Eastwood this week settled a multi-million-dollar libel lawsuit over an unauthorised biography that accused him of beating his first wife. Eastwood Settles Wife Beating Libel Suit antiMUSIC.com Actor/director settles libel lawsuit TheCelebrityCafe.com Elites TV - Reuters - Ireland Online - Big News Network.com - and 142 related »andPOPDallas Morning News (subscription)Zap2it.com Health  » New Drugs Thwart Dirty Bomb Effects Forbes - 8 hours ago FRIDAY, Aug. 13 (HealthDayNews) -- The US Food and Drug Administration has approved two new drugs designed to counter the radioactive effects of a so-called \"dirty bomb.\" ... FDA OKs Drugs to Counter Radiation Attack Reuters Washington In Brief Washington Post Boston Globe - Medical News Today - Newark Star Ledger - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 176 related » BBC NewsSelegiline Can Safely Slow Parkinson\u0027s Disease Reuters - 7 hours ago LONDON (Reuters Health) - In patients with early Parkinson\u0027s disease, selegiline and other drugs in a class called monoamine oxidase type B inhibitors are cheap and effective treatments that reduce disability and the need for levodopa, researcher report ... Selegiline Can Safely Slow Parkinson\u0027s Disease Progression Medscape (subscription) Parkinson\u0027s Disease Best Treated With Rarely Used Drug Health Talk Xinhua - 123Bharath.com - The Age - Yahoo News - and 20 related » Tumors worse for Blacks, breast cancer study says Arizona Republic - 55 minutes ago African-American women are four times more likely to have a genetic mutation that makes breast cancer tumors more deadly, a new study by researchers at the Yale School of Medicine shows. It\u0027s never too late MSNBC Streicher Chicago Sun Times Carolina Channel.com        More Top Stories BBC NewsVenezuelans have little hope for political reconciliation after recall vote Jamaica Observer - 30 minutes ago CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) - Deeply divided over President Hugo Chavez, Venezuelans have little hope for a quick reconciliation between political rivals no matter who wins a presidential recall election tomorrow. Venezuelans have little hope for political reconciliation The Globe and Mail Venezuelan President Chavez Faces Recall Challenge NPR (audio) Xinhua - Reuters - Forbes - BBC News - and 386 related » ABC NewsPowerful Typhoon Kills 115 in China ABC News - 11 hours ago SHANGHAI, China Aug. 13, 2004 The most powerful typhoon to hit China in seven years roared inland Friday after killing 115 people and injuring more than 1,800 others along the coast and leaving a path of destruction though farms, towns and fishing ... Typhoon Rananim kills 115 in Zhejiang China Daily Typhoon hits China, killing 115 and destroying 42,000 houses The Scotsman Sydney Morning Herald - Xinhua - IndoLink - USA Today - and 316 related » Limbless Woman Sues Air France Over \u0027Torso\u0027 Snub Reuters - 5 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - A wheelchair-bound woman with no limbs sued Air France for discrimination on Friday, alleging she was kept off a flight by a gate agent who told her a \"torso cannot possibly fly on its own.\" ... Woman with no limbs sues Air France Seattle Post Intelligencer Limbless woman sues airline Newsday and 44 related » Health  »New Drugs Thwart Dirty Bomb Effects Forbes - 8 hours ago FRIDAY, Aug. 13 (HealthDayNews) -- The US Food and Drug Administration has approved two new drugs designed to counter the radioactive effects of a so-called \"dirty bomb.\" ... FDA OKs Drugs to Counter Radiation Attack Reuters Washington In Brief Washington Post Boston Globe - Medical News Today - Newark Star Ledger - Miami Herald (subscription) - and 176 related » BBC NewsSelegiline Can Safely Slow Parkinson\u0027s Disease Reuters - 7 hours ago LONDON (Reuters Health) - In patients with early Parkinson\u0027s disease, selegiline and other drugs in a class called monoamine oxidase type B inhibitors are cheap and effective treatments that reduce disability and the need for levodopa, researcher report ... Selegiline Can Safely Slow Parkinson\u0027s Disease Progression Medscape (subscription) Parkinson\u0027s Disease Best Treated With Rarely Used Drug Health Talk Xinhua - 123Bharath.com - The Age - Yahoo News - and 20 related » Tumors worse for Blacks, breast cancer study says Arizona Republic - 55 minutes ago African-American women are four times more likely to have a genetic mutation that makes breast cancer tumors more deadly, a new study by researchers at the Yale School of Medicine shows. It\u0027s never too late MSNBC Streicher Chicago Sun Times Carolina Channel.comBBC News More Top StoriesBBC NewsVenezuelans have little hope for political reconciliation after recall vote Jamaica Observer - 30 minutes ago CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) - Deeply divided over President Hugo Chavez, Venezuelans have little hope for a quick reconciliation between political rivals no matter who wins a presidential recall election tomorrow. Venezuelans have little hope for political reconciliation The Globe and Mail Venezuelan President Chavez Faces Recall Challenge NPR (audio) Xinhua - Reuters - Forbes - BBC News - and 386 related » ABC NewsPowerful Typhoon Kills 115 in China ABC News - 11 hours ago SHANGHAI, China Aug. 13, 2004 The most powerful typhoon to hit China in seven years roared inland Friday after killing 115 people and injuring more than 1,800 others along the coast and leaving a path of destruction though farms, towns and fishing ... Typhoon Rananim kills 115 in Zhejiang China Daily Typhoon hits China, killing 115 and destroying 42,000 houses The Scotsman Sydney Morning Herald - Xinhua - IndoLink - USA Today - and 316 related » Limbless Woman Sues Air France Over \u0027Torso\u0027 Snub Reuters - 5 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - A wheelchair-bound woman with no limbs sued Air France for discrimination on Friday, alleging she was kept off a flight by a gate agent who told her a \"torso cannot possibly fly on its own.\" ... Woman with no limbs sues Air France Seattle Post Intelligencer Limbless woman sues airline Newsday and 44 related »BBC NewsABC News©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":8,"minute":12,"second":28},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
