{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 22 2003 2004 2005 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 22 2003 2004 2005JUN JUL AUG222003 2004 200520,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchWeb    Images    Groups    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories   ABC NewsIsrael shows contempt for international opinion China Daily - 1 hour ago In this seemingly endless process, helpless Palestinians have never given up hope on United Nations resolutions to end their suffering, though the resolutions have rarely improved their situation. Europeans no longer neutral, Israel says International Herald Tribune General Assembly demands that Israel tear down West Bank barrier News 24 Houston Reuters - Ha\u0027aretz - Voice of America - Xinhua - and 629 related » ABC NewsPowell, Annan to Discuss Tougher UN Resolution on Darfur Voice of America - 1 hour ago Secretary of State Colin Powell goes to New York Thursday to confer with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan\u0027s western Darfur region. US officials are toughening the language of a draft Security Council resolution aimed at ... Blair draws up plans to send troops to Sudan Guardian Annan Urges Sudan to Disarm Militias ABC News Telegraph.co.uk - Sudan Tribune - Special Broadcasting Service - Xinhua - and 425 related »     Microsoft Payout Heaps Pressure on Cash-Rich Techs Reuters - and 678 related » Hawking tells peers about the Black Hole in his physics theory Independent - and 226 related » Armstrong defies Huez and hordes Guardian - and 1181 related » Just don\u0027t mention Moore International Herald Tribune - and 504 related » Bill Will Force Food Labels to List Allergens Forbes - and 52 related » In the News  Sandy Berger  Scott Peterson  Bill Clinton  Big Brother  Interior Ministry  Angelo de la Cruz  Kofi Annan  Saddam Hussein  Great Britain  George Bush\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories  ABC NewsIsrael shows contempt for international opinion China Daily - 1 hour ago In this seemingly endless process, helpless Palestinians have never given up hope on United Nations resolutions to end their suffering, though the resolutions have rarely improved their situation. Europeans no longer neutral, Israel says International Herald Tribune General Assembly demands that Israel tear down West Bank barrier News 24 Houston Reuters - Ha\u0027aretz - Voice of America - Xinhua - and 629 related » ABC NewsPowell, Annan to Discuss Tougher UN Resolution on Darfur Voice of America - 1 hour ago Secretary of State Colin Powell goes to New York Thursday to confer with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan\u0027s western Darfur region. US officials are toughening the language of a draft Security Council resolution aimed at ... Blair draws up plans to send troops to Sudan Guardian Annan Urges Sudan to Disarm Militias ABC News Telegraph.co.uk - Sudan Tribune - Special Broadcasting Service - Xinhua - and 425 related »     Microsoft Payout Heaps Pressure on Cash-Rich Techs Reuters - and 678 related » Hawking tells peers about the Black Hole in his physics theory Independent - and 226 related » Armstrong defies Huez and hordes Guardian - and 1181 related » Just don\u0027t mention Moore International Herald Tribune - and 504 related » Bill Will Force Food Labels to List Allergens Forbes - and 52 related » In the News  Sandy Berger  Scott Peterson  Bill Clinton  Big Brother  Interior Ministry  Angelo de la Cruz  Kofi Annan  Saddam Hussein  Great Britain  George BushABC NewsABC NewsMicrosoft Payout Heaps Pressure on Cash-Rich Techs Reuters - and 678 related » Hawking tells peers about the Black Hole in his physics theory Independent - and 226 related » Armstrong defies Huez and hordes Guardian - and 1181 related » Just don\u0027t mention Moore International Herald Tribune - and 504 related » Bill Will Force Food Labels to List Allergens Forbes - and 52 related »In the News Sandy Berger  Scott Peterson  Bill Clinton  Big Brother  Interior Ministry  Angelo de la Cruz  Kofi Annan  Saddam Hussein  Great Britain  George Bush  World  » CNNLetters: When terror strikes; The 16 words International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago The editorial \"Bowing to terror\" (July 20) criticizes the Philippines for removing its troops from Iraq but says that Spain\u0027s withdrawal from Iraq was not driven by terrorist demands. PM: Malaysia did not pay ransom The Star Manila seeks to appease allies over Iraq pullout Straits Times Channel News Asia - Reuters - CNN - Manila Bulletin - and 1482 related » ABC NewsNorway \u0027playing games\u0027 on whaling Melbourne Herald Sun - 20 minutes ago ENVIRONMENT Minister Ian Campbell today dismissed a claim by whaling nations that allowing a commercial take of whales would ensure fewer were slaughtered each year. Norwegians under fire for whaling plan ABC Online Whaling body backs NZ call to make killing more humane Stuff.co.nz Straits Times - ABC News - Voice of America - Reuters - and 423 related » ABC NewsLawmakers urge Arafat to take prime minister\u0027s resignation International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian Parliament stepped up the political pressure Wednesday on Yasser Arafat by giving overwhelming approval to a resolution urging him to accept the prime minister\u0027s resignation. Revolution till the end of the month Ha\u0027aretz Palestinian turmoil over Gaza Christian Science Monitor New York Times - Reuters - Straits Times - Voice of America - and 1675 related »        U.S.  » SlateNational Archives Maintains Tight Security Newsday - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Pens are forbidden, pencils provided. Each scribbled piece of paper is checked, then stamped. Cell phones and jackets go into lockers. Prying eyes make sure nothing precious walks off. Is he a criminal or a klutz? Slate Partisan Spat Over Berger Leak CBS News Independent - Agape Press - CNN - ABC News - and 1164 related » ABC NewsNew Wildfire Erupts North of Los Angeles ABC News - 6 hours ago ACTON, Calif. July 21, 2004 A wildfire spread rapidly through desert brush toward stands of dead trees Wednesday in northern Los Angeles County after prompting the evacuation of 175 homes. California tackles new wildfire BBC News Firefighters Tighten Grip on Acton Blaze Los Angeles Times (subscription) San Francisco Chronicle - USA Today - North County Times - CNN - and 833 related » Radio Free EuropeFear of Nuclear Iran Could Influence US Diplomacy Reuters - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A revived debate in Washington over possible diplomatic engagement with Iran has been fueled by the growing fear that Tehran is determined to become a nuclear power and time is running out ... Anti-Iran sentiment hardening fast Christian Science Monitor US pressing allies on Iran Melbourne Herald Sun Eurasianet - Newsday - United Press International - Radio Free Europe - and 188 related » World  »CNNLetters: When terror strikes; The 16 words International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago The editorial \"Bowing to terror\" (July 20) criticizes the Philippines for removing its troops from Iraq but says that Spain\u0027s withdrawal from Iraq was not driven by terrorist demands. PM: Malaysia did not pay ransom The Star Manila seeks to appease allies over Iraq pullout Straits Times Channel News Asia - Reuters - CNN - Manila Bulletin - and 1482 related » ABC NewsNorway \u0027playing games\u0027 on whaling Melbourne Herald Sun - 20 minutes ago ENVIRONMENT Minister Ian Campbell today dismissed a claim by whaling nations that allowing a commercial take of whales would ensure fewer were slaughtered each year. Norwegians under fire for whaling plan ABC Online Whaling body backs NZ call to make killing more humane Stuff.co.nz Straits Times - ABC News - Voice of America - Reuters - and 423 related » ABC NewsLawmakers urge Arafat to take prime minister\u0027s resignation International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian Parliament stepped up the political pressure Wednesday on Yasser Arafat by giving overwhelming approval to a resolution urging him to accept the prime minister\u0027s resignation. Revolution till the end of the month Ha\u0027aretz Palestinian turmoil over Gaza Christian Science Monitor New York Times - Reuters - Straits Times - Voice of America - and 1675 related »CNNABC NewsABC News U.S.  »SlateNational Archives Maintains Tight Security Newsday - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON -- Pens are forbidden, pencils provided. Each scribbled piece of paper is checked, then stamped. Cell phones and jackets go into lockers. Prying eyes make sure nothing precious walks off. Is he a criminal or a klutz? Slate Partisan Spat Over Berger Leak CBS News Independent - Agape Press - CNN - ABC News - and 1164 related » ABC NewsNew Wildfire Erupts North of Los Angeles ABC News - 6 hours ago ACTON, Calif. July 21, 2004 A wildfire spread rapidly through desert brush toward stands of dead trees Wednesday in northern Los Angeles County after prompting the evacuation of 175 homes. California tackles new wildfire BBC News Firefighters Tighten Grip on Acton Blaze Los Angeles Times (subscription) San Francisco Chronicle - USA Today - North County Times - CNN - and 833 related » Radio Free EuropeFear of Nuclear Iran Could Influence US Diplomacy Reuters - 4 hours ago WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A revived debate in Washington over possible diplomatic engagement with Iran has been fueled by the growing fear that Tehran is determined to become a nuclear power and time is running out ... Anti-Iran sentiment hardening fast Christian Science Monitor US pressing allies on Iran Melbourne Herald Sun Eurasianet - Newsday - United Press International - Radio Free Europe - and 188 related »SlateABC NewsRadio Free Europe Business  » New York TimesMicrosoft Payout Heaps Pressure on Cash-Rich Techs Reuters - 10 minutes ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp\u0027s decision to hand over a huge chunk of its cash pile to shareholders raises pressure on other cash-rich companies to follow suit, but fund managers say they expect some to resist. The Microsoft math International Herald Tribune Microsoft dividend no windfall for most of us Kansas City Star (subscription) eChannelLine - Washington Post - NPR (audio) - Voice of America - and 678 related » CNNCurrencies: Dollar gains continue as Fed chief speaks International Herald Tribune - 40 minutes ago NEW YORK The dollar surged against most major currencies Wednesday on speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates four more times this year as growth accelerates. Also from this section Independent Bolder businesses would help US economy-Greenspan Reuters China Daily - The Times, UK (subscription) - ABC Online - MLive.com - and 809 related » Seattle TimesPilots offer concessions at Delta, but airline asks for more International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago The pilots\u0027 union at Delta Air Lines has proposed a 23 percent wage cut after the airline posted its worst results in 25 years. Pilots Increase Concession, Delta Climbs Reuters Delta Pilots Offer to Take 23% Wage Cut, Union Says (Update4) Bloomberg New York Times - TheStreet.com - CNN - Channel News Asia - and 506 related »        Sci/Tech  » Science Now (subscription)Hawking tells peers about the Black Hole in his physics theory Independent - 40 minutes ago The most famous living scientist yesterday admitted he would have to pay the price for recanting one of his theories about black holes. Hawking Gracefully, Formally Loses Black Hole Bet Slashdot Hawking: I\u0027ve solved the black hole riddle Guardian Science Now (subscription) - 9NEWS.com - ABC News - NPR (audio) - and 226 related » NewsFactor NetworkTrillions more internet addresses may emerge New Scientist - 7 hours ago The foundations have been laid for upgrading the internet with an improved system for identifying computers around the globe. New-Generation Internet Protocol Launched: ICANN NewsFactor Network UN Internet Policy Off Course, Pioneer Says Reuters CircleID - ScienceBlog.com - InfoWorld - Enterprise IT Planet - and 54 related » E-Commerce TimesBush meets Apollo 11 astronauts The Australian - 20 minutes ago WASHINGTON: US President George W. Bush welcomed former astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins to the White House Wednesday to mark the 35th anniversary of the first landing on the moon. Congress Cuts Nasa Funds E-Commerce Times Apollo 11 crew recalls giant leap 35 years later CNN United Press International - USA Today - Washington Post - The Register - and 181 related » Business  »New York TimesMicrosoft Payout Heaps Pressure on Cash-Rich Techs Reuters - 10 minutes ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp\u0027s decision to hand over a huge chunk of its cash pile to shareholders raises pressure on other cash-rich companies to follow suit, but fund managers say they expect some to resist. The Microsoft math International Herald Tribune Microsoft dividend no windfall for most of us Kansas City Star (subscription) eChannelLine - Washington Post - NPR (audio) - Voice of America - and 678 related » CNNCurrencies: Dollar gains continue as Fed chief speaks International Herald Tribune - 40 minutes ago NEW YORK The dollar surged against most major currencies Wednesday on speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates four more times this year as growth accelerates. Also from this section Independent Bolder businesses would help US economy-Greenspan Reuters China Daily - The Times, UK (subscription) - ABC Online - MLive.com - and 809 related » Seattle TimesPilots offer concessions at Delta, but airline asks for more International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago The pilots\u0027 union at Delta Air Lines has proposed a 23 percent wage cut after the airline posted its worst results in 25 years. Pilots Increase Concession, Delta Climbs Reuters Delta Pilots Offer to Take 23% Wage Cut, Union Says (Update4) Bloomberg New York Times - TheStreet.com - CNN - Channel News Asia - and 506 related »New York TimesCNNSeattle Times Sci/Tech  »Science Now (subscription)Hawking tells peers about the Black Hole in his physics theory Independent - 40 minutes ago The most famous living scientist yesterday admitted he would have to pay the price for recanting one of his theories about black holes. Hawking Gracefully, Formally Loses Black Hole Bet Slashdot Hawking: I\u0027ve solved the black hole riddle Guardian Science Now (subscription) - 9NEWS.com - ABC News - NPR (audio) - and 226 related » NewsFactor NetworkTrillions more internet addresses may emerge New Scientist - 7 hours ago The foundations have been laid for upgrading the internet with an improved system for identifying computers around the globe. New-Generation Internet Protocol Launched: ICANN NewsFactor Network UN Internet Policy Off Course, Pioneer Says Reuters CircleID - ScienceBlog.com - InfoWorld - Enterprise IT Planet - and 54 related » E-Commerce TimesBush meets Apollo 11 astronauts The Australian - 20 minutes ago WASHINGTON: US President George W. Bush welcomed former astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins to the White House Wednesday to mark the 35th anniversary of the first landing on the moon. Congress Cuts Nasa Funds E-Commerce Times Apollo 11 crew recalls giant leap 35 years later CNN United Press International - USA Today - Washington Post - The Register - and 181 related »Science Now (subscription)NewsFactor NetworkE-Commerce Times Sports  » MSNBCArmstrong defies Huez and hordes Guardian - 25 minutes ago Back in May the locals here would have seen a cyclist dressed in black accompanied by a single unmarked car climbing five times up the 21 hairpins leading to this little town of wooden chalets, apartment blocks, ski lifts and green meadows. Armstrong king of hill International Herald Tribune Tour de France: Armstrong concerned for riders as fans close in Independent Straits Times - San Francisco Chronicle - Team 4 News - Cyclingnews.com - and 1181 related » KXTVDivac heading back to Lakers Sports Network - 11 hours ago Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers signed unrestricted free agent center Vlade Divac to a two-year contract. As per team policy, financial terms of the deal were not released, but reports have the contract worth almost $5 million ... Divac back with Lakers Washington Times \u0027Tag out: Center joins Kings Salt Lake Tribune Oakland Tribune - Winnipeg Sun - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 514 related » crash.netExclusive: Earnhardt\u0027s exit. crash.net - 9 hours ago Dale Earnhardt Jr\u0027s appearance at Infineon Raceway was the big news of last weekend\u0027s American Le Mans Series event, with crowds flocking to the Californian circuit to get a piece of the NASCAR star as he prepared for a rare sportscar outing with the ... AUTO RACING PACKAGE: Earnhardt\u0027s love of racing leads to trouble San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Dangers lurk in other series USA Today Boston Globe - New York Times - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - Reuters - and 583 related »        Entertainment  » GuardianJust don\u0027t mention Moore International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago Something went awry at the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas last Saturday night. Linda Ronstadt did what she has done at several concerts across the country this summer. She dedicated the song \"Desperado\" - an encore - to Michael Moore and urged members of the ... Ronstadt\u0027s Vegas Row Fuels Campaign Debate Reuters Linda Ronstadt: no regret at being booted for praising \"Fahrenheit 9/11\" Xinhua Daily Variety (subscription) - AZ Central.com - New Zealand Herald - Editor \u0026 Publisher (subscription) - and 504 related » Chart AttackFather to Be? Michael Says No TheCelebrityCafe.com - 2 hours ago Michael Jackson denies a report that he is soon to be the father of quadruplets. US Weekly has reported that a surrogate mother in Florida is carrying Michael Jackson\u0027s quadruplets, but the 45-year-old pop icon has denied this as true. He calls the ... Michael Jackson Denies That He Has Quadruplets On The Way Chart Attack Michael Jackson Denies He Fathered Quadruplets MTV Big News Network.com - The Scotsman - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Reuters - and 250 related » Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinThe Bourne Supremacy Filmcritic.com - 20 minutes ago Attention all adventure-starved, action-crazed moviegoers: kennel the cat, wreck the robot, and step on that spider. This summer\u0027s best action hero is not Catwoman, Spider-Man, or a CGI robot it\u0027s just a dude named Jason Bourne! ... \u0027Bourne\u0027 sequel just as good as original Press \u0026 Sun-Bulletin By Michael Wilmington, Chicago Tribune Zap2it.com Miami Herald (subscription) - Filmjerk.com - Windy city Media Group - MSNBC - and 81 related » Sports  »MSNBCArmstrong defies Huez and hordes Guardian - 25 minutes ago Back in May the locals here would have seen a cyclist dressed in black accompanied by a single unmarked car climbing five times up the 21 hairpins leading to this little town of wooden chalets, apartment blocks, ski lifts and green meadows. Armstrong king of hill International Herald Tribune Tour de France: Armstrong concerned for riders as fans close in Independent Straits Times - San Francisco Chronicle - Team 4 News - Cyclingnews.com - and 1181 related » KXTVDivac heading back to Lakers Sports Network - 11 hours ago Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers signed unrestricted free agent center Vlade Divac to a two-year contract. As per team policy, financial terms of the deal were not released, but reports have the contract worth almost $5 million ... Divac back with Lakers Washington Times \u0027Tag out: Center joins Kings Salt Lake Tribune Oakland Tribune - Winnipeg Sun - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - and 514 related » crash.netExclusive: Earnhardt\u0027s exit. crash.net - 9 hours ago Dale Earnhardt Jr\u0027s appearance at Infineon Raceway was the big news of last weekend\u0027s American Le Mans Series event, with crowds flocking to the Californian circuit to get a piece of the NASCAR star as he prepared for a rare sportscar outing with the ... AUTO RACING PACKAGE: Earnhardt\u0027s love of racing leads to trouble San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Dangers lurk in other series USA Today Boston Globe - New York Times - Chicago Tribune (subscription) - Reuters - and 583 related »MSNBCKXTVcrash.net Entertainment  »GuardianJust don\u0027t mention Moore International Herald Tribune - 35 minutes ago Something went awry at the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas last Saturday night. Linda Ronstadt did what she has done at several concerts across the country this summer. She dedicated the song \"Desperado\" - an encore - to Michael Moore and urged members of the ... Ronstadt\u0027s Vegas Row Fuels Campaign Debate Reuters Linda Ronstadt: no regret at being booted for praising \"Fahrenheit 9/11\" Xinhua Daily Variety (subscription) - AZ Central.com - New Zealand Herald - Editor \u0026 Publisher (subscription) - and 504 related » Chart AttackFather to Be? Michael Says No TheCelebrityCafe.com - 2 hours ago Michael Jackson denies a report that he is soon to be the father of quadruplets. US Weekly has reported that a surrogate mother in Florida is carrying Michael Jackson\u0027s quadruplets, but the 45-year-old pop icon has denied this as true. He calls the ... Michael Jackson Denies That He Has Quadruplets On The Way Chart Attack Michael Jackson Denies He Fathered Quadruplets MTV Big News Network.com - The Scotsman - San Jose Mercury News (subscription) - Reuters - and 250 related » Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinThe Bourne Supremacy Filmcritic.com - 20 minutes ago Attention all adventure-starved, action-crazed moviegoers: kennel the cat, wreck the robot, and step on that spider. This summer\u0027s best action hero is not Catwoman, Spider-Man, or a CGI robot it\u0027s just a dude named Jason Bourne! ... \u0027Bourne\u0027 sequel just as good as original Press \u0026 Sun-Bulletin By Michael Wilmington, Chicago Tribune Zap2it.com Miami Herald (subscription) - Filmjerk.com - Windy city Media Group - MSNBC - and 81 related »GuardianChart AttackPress \u0026 Sun-Bulletin Health  » CBS NewsBill Will Force Food Labels to List Allergens Forbes - 2 hours ago WEDNESDAY, July 21 (HealthDayNews) -- Food manufacturers will soon be required to radically change their labeling practices and list ingredients -- and, especially, what allergies they can trigger -- in plain English. Families Celebrate Food Allergy Labeling Bill Reuters Food Allergy Labeling Bill Passes Medscape (subscription) NPR (audio) - WIS - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Food Navigator - and 52 related » Cancer Drug Buys Time -- But at Woefully High Price Reuters - 3 hours ago BOSTON (Reuters) - Dying colon cancer patients may live an extra two months with help from a new drug called Erbitux but the price tag is a hefty $30,000, cancer experts said on Wednesday in a report that may add to the woes of its already ... New Colorectal Cancer Drug Raises Hopes, Questions Yahoo News Erbitux Offers Benefit In Some Advanced Colon Cancer Cancerpage.com Forbes - TheStreet.com - MSNBC - San Francisco Chronicle - and 47 related » CBS NewsAlzheimer\u0027s Drug Did Not Improve Cognition, Elan Corp. Says Reuters - 2 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elan Corp. and Wyeth said on Wednesday that an experimental Alzheimer\u0027s disease treatment did not improve cognition in patients, but it did reduce plaques that form on patients\u0027 brains. Alzheimer\u0027s Vaccine Shows Promise CBS News Bypass Surgery May Raise Risk for Alzheimer\u0027s WebMD Kansas City Star (subscription) - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Seattle Times - MSNBC - and 64 related »        More Top Stories Turkish PressGroup takes six hostages in Iraq: Al-Arabiya Xinhua - 25 minutes ago BAGHDAD, July 21 (Xinhuanet) -- A militant group said Wednesday it had kidnapped six foreigners, including three Indians, two Kenyans and an Egyptian, in Iraq, threatening to behead them if the Kuwaiti firm for which they work does not pull out of the ... Twelve Killed In Iraq As Six New Hostages Face Death Turkish Press Bombs and gunfire rock Iraq as six new hostages threatened with murder Channel News Asia Voice of America - Pravda - WXXA - Reuters - and 229 related » Army bungled management of Iraq support contract worth billions, GAO says Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago WASHINGTON (AP) The Army botched planning and management of the multibillion-dollar contract to provide food and other services to troops in Iraq, congressional investigators said. Executives to face former employers today Financial Times Report Alleges Halliburton Overcharges ABC News Reuters - KLTV - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 42 related » Maariv InternationalSept. 11 report expected to recommend ways to avoid future attacks CJAD - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON (CP) - A huge bipartisan report on the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks will provide critics with fresh ammunition Thursday for arguments that George W. Bush\u0027s administration didn\u0027t pay enough attention early on to the threat of al-Qaida. 9/11 report \u0027spares Bush, Clinton\u0027 Melbourne Herald Sun Sept. 11 panel: Hijackers exploited \u0027deep institutional failings\u0027 Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) Reuters - Washington Post - Washington Times - Independent Online - and 76 related » Health  »CBS NewsBill Will Force Food Labels to List Allergens Forbes - 2 hours ago WEDNESDAY, July 21 (HealthDayNews) -- Food manufacturers will soon be required to radically change their labeling practices and list ingredients -- and, especially, what allergies they can trigger -- in plain English. Families Celebrate Food Allergy Labeling Bill Reuters Food Allergy Labeling Bill Passes Medscape (subscription) NPR (audio) - WIS - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Food Navigator - and 52 related » Cancer Drug Buys Time -- But at Woefully High Price Reuters - 3 hours ago BOSTON (Reuters) - Dying colon cancer patients may live an extra two months with help from a new drug called Erbitux but the price tag is a hefty $30,000, cancer experts said on Wednesday in a report that may add to the woes of its already ... New Colorectal Cancer Drug Raises Hopes, Questions Yahoo News Erbitux Offers Benefit In Some Advanced Colon Cancer Cancerpage.com Forbes - TheStreet.com - MSNBC - San Francisco Chronicle - and 47 related » CBS NewsAlzheimer\u0027s Drug Did Not Improve Cognition, Elan Corp. Says Reuters - 2 hours ago NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elan Corp. and Wyeth said on Wednesday that an experimental Alzheimer\u0027s disease treatment did not improve cognition in patients, but it did reduce plaques that form on patients\u0027 brains. Alzheimer\u0027s Vaccine Shows Promise CBS News Bypass Surgery May Raise Risk for Alzheimer\u0027s WebMD Kansas City Star (subscription) - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Seattle Times - MSNBC - and 64 related »CBS NewsCBS News More Top StoriesTurkish PressGroup takes six hostages in Iraq: Al-Arabiya Xinhua - 25 minutes ago BAGHDAD, July 21 (Xinhuanet) -- A militant group said Wednesday it had kidnapped six foreigners, including three Indians, two Kenyans and an Egyptian, in Iraq, threatening to behead them if the Kuwaiti firm for which they work does not pull out of the ... Twelve Killed In Iraq As Six New Hostages Face Death Turkish Press Bombs and gunfire rock Iraq as six new hostages threatened with murder Channel News Asia Voice of America - Pravda - WXXA - Reuters - and 229 related » Army bungled management of Iraq support contract worth billions, GAO says Boston Globe - 15 minutes ago WASHINGTON (AP) The Army botched planning and management of the multibillion-dollar contract to provide food and other services to troops in Iraq, congressional investigators said. Executives to face former employers today Financial Times Report Alleges Halliburton Overcharges ABC News Reuters - KLTV - Dallas Morning News (subscription) - Seattle Post Intelligencer - and 42 related » Maariv InternationalSept. 11 report expected to recommend ways to avoid future attacks CJAD - 1 hour ago WASHINGTON (CP) - A huge bipartisan report on the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks will provide critics with fresh ammunition Thursday for arguments that George W. Bush\u0027s administration didn\u0027t pay enough attention early on to the threat of al-Qaida. 9/11 report \u0027spares Bush, Clinton\u0027 Melbourne Herald Sun Sept. 11 panel: Hijackers exploited \u0027deep institutional failings\u0027 Minneapolis Star Tribune (subscription) Reuters - Washington Post - Washington Times - Independent Online - and 76 related »Turkish PressMaariv International©2004 Google - Google Home - All About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2004,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":21,"hourOfDay":23,"minute":9,"second":26},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
