{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2005 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 30 2004 2005 2006 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 30 2004 2005 2006DEC JAN FEB302004 2005 200620,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchWeb    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Advanced News SearchSearch and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     Washington TimesIraqis to Vote Amid Tight Security, Fear Attacks Wired News - 2 hours ago Iraqis vote on Sunday in a landmark election overshadowed by massive security to protect them against insurgents who killed 20 people on Saturday and have threatened a polling day bloodbath. Rocket Slams US Embassy Ahead of Iraqi Voting Los Angeles Times (subscription) Iraq to Vote Shadowed by Threat of Bloodbath Reuters Salon (subscription) - NDTV.com - CNN International - Telegraph.co.uk - all 800 related » San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Hamas Victory Rally Erupts Into Shootout ABC News - 6 hours ago Palestinians chant Islamic slogans, as they participate in a Hamas movement rally in the southern Gaza town of Rafah, Saturday Jan. 29, 2005. Palestinians: Sharon, Abbas may meet February 8 CNN International Sharon, Abbas to Meet in Two Weeks - Spokesman Reuters Seattle Post Intelligencer - Swissinfo - KFOR-TV - Media Monitors Network - all 1,963 related »     Procter \u0026 Gamble buys Gillette to form the world\u0027s biggest ... FinFacts Ireland - all 1,232 related » Judge gives hacker Parson lighter penalty citing psychological ... Earthtimes.org - all 322 related » Serena and the power of instant recovery Independent - all 1,540 related » A star at bay Guardian - all 728 related » No Weigh to Lose Pounds RedNova.com - all 357 related » In The News  Serena Williams  Zhao Ziyang  Sammy Sosa  Lleyton Hewitt  Trail Blazers  Joe Ogilvie  Amber Alert  Graeme Souness  Caltex Masters  Johnny Carson\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    Washington TimesIraqis to Vote Amid Tight Security, Fear Attacks Wired News - 2 hours ago Iraqis vote on Sunday in a landmark election overshadowed by massive security to protect them against insurgents who killed 20 people on Saturday and have threatened a polling day bloodbath. Rocket Slams US Embassy Ahead of Iraqi Voting Los Angeles Times (subscription) Iraq to Vote Shadowed by Threat of Bloodbath Reuters Salon (subscription) - NDTV.com - CNN International - Telegraph.co.uk - all 800 related » San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Hamas Victory Rally Erupts Into Shootout ABC News - 6 hours ago Palestinians chant Islamic slogans, as they participate in a Hamas movement rally in the southern Gaza town of Rafah, Saturday Jan. 29, 2005. Palestinians: Sharon, Abbas may meet February 8 CNN International Sharon, Abbas to Meet in Two Weeks - Spokesman Reuters Seattle Post Intelligencer - Swissinfo - KFOR-TV - Media Monitors Network - all 1,963 related »     Procter \u0026 Gamble buys Gillette to form the world\u0027s biggest ... FinFacts Ireland - all 1,232 related » Judge gives hacker Parson lighter penalty citing psychological ... Earthtimes.org - all 322 related » Serena and the power of instant recovery Independent - all 1,540 related » A star at bay Guardian - all 728 related » No Weigh to Lose Pounds RedNova.com - all 357 related » In The News  Serena Williams  Zhao Ziyang  Sammy Sosa  Lleyton Hewitt  Trail Blazers  Joe Ogilvie  Amber Alert  Graeme Souness  Caltex Masters  Johnny CarsonWashington TimesSan Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Procter \u0026 Gamble buys Gillette to form the world\u0027s biggest ... FinFacts Ireland - all 1,232 related » Judge gives hacker Parson lighter penalty citing psychological ... Earthtimes.org - all 322 related » Serena and the power of instant recovery Independent - all 1,540 related » A star at bay Guardian - all 728 related » No Weigh to Lose Pounds RedNova.com - all 357 related »In The News Serena Williams  Zhao Ziyang  Sammy Sosa  Lleyton Hewitt  Trail Blazers  Joe Ogilvie  Amber Alert  Graeme Souness  Caltex Masters  Johnny Carson  World  »     News 14 CharlotteSeven detained after embassy attack CNN International - 34 minutes ago Seven suspected insurgents were being held in connection with a rocket attack on the US Embassy in central Baghdad that killed an American military service member and a civilian, US military officials said. Embassy rocket attack kills two on eve of Iraq election Independent Beazley wants Aust embassy moved into \u0027green zone\u0027 ABC Online Reuters - Arab News - Reuters.uk - Turks.US - all 254 related » BBC NewsChina cremates deposed leader Zhao Ziyang CTV - 1 hour ago Thousands of mourners attended deposed Chinese Communist Party leader Zhao Ziyang\u0027s tightly controlled funeral Saturday. For many Chinese mourners, it was the first time they heard about Zhao\u0027s death -- about two weeks after he passed. Pelosi joins tribute to former China leader CNN China\u0027s Zhao Ziyang cremated, but his economic ideas live on Channel News Asia Guardian - Independent - New York Times - Voice of America - all 360 related » BBC NewsNegotiators try to break 30-year-old standoff in Aceh Taipei Times - 41 minutes ago Spurred by the tsunami disaster, members of the Indonesian government and the Aceh rebel movement discussed relief operations in the disaster-hit area in talks aimed at ending a 30-year conflict in the breakaway region. Meeting between Indonesia, rebels ends Big News Network.com Asian Tsunami Disaster Yahoo News Seattle Post Intelligencer - ABC Online - Reuters - CNN International - all 309 related »          U.S.  »     USA TodayCall With Judge Leads to Delay in Execution New York Times - 6 hours ago The execution of Michael Bruce Ross, the convicted serial killer who was scheduled to be the first person put to death in Connecticut in 45 years, was delayed hours after a ... Execution of Connecticut serial murderer postponed Taipei Times Lawyer\u0027s conflict of interest cited for execution delay WTNH Reuters - Newsday - CNN International - CNN - all 769 related » San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Train suspect OKs delay Seattle Times - 19 hours ago A man accused of triggering the collision of two commuter trains during an aborted suicide attempt appeared in court yesterday, but the hearing was delayed so he could undergo further medical evaluation. Train crash suspect granted delay in court USA Today Hearing delayed in train derailment Chicago Tribune (subscription) San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription) - New York Times - San Jose Mercury News (Subscription) - Boston Globe - all 1,149 related » Seattle Post IntelligencerIraq vote also a test for US CNN International - 5 hours ago The United States\u0027 plan to bring democracy to Iraq faces its most important test Sunday when Iraqis vote in their first multiparty national elections in more than 50 years. Bush: US Must Stay in Iraq After Election Reuters Bush, Anticipating Violence and Low Sunni Turnout, Promotes a ... New York Times Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - Defenselink.mil - Houston Chronicle - all 486 related » World  »    News 14 CharlotteSeven detained after embassy attack CNN International - 34 minutes ago Seven suspected insurgents were being held in connection with a rocket attack on the US Embassy in central Baghdad that killed an American military service member and a civilian, US military officials said. Embassy rocket attack kills two on eve of Iraq election Independent Beazley wants Aust embassy moved into \u0027green zone\u0027 ABC Online Reuters - Arab News - Reuters.uk - Turks.US - all 254 related » BBC NewsChina cremates deposed leader Zhao Ziyang CTV - 1 hour ago Thousands of mourners attended deposed Chinese Communist Party leader Zhao Ziyang\u0027s tightly controlled funeral Saturday. For many Chinese mourners, it was the first time they heard about Zhao\u0027s death -- about two weeks after he passed. Pelosi joins tribute to former China leader CNN China\u0027s Zhao Ziyang cremated, but his economic ideas live on Channel News Asia Guardian - Independent - New York Times - Voice of America - all 360 related » BBC NewsNegotiators try to break 30-year-old standoff in Aceh Taipei Times - 41 minutes ago Spurred by the tsunami disaster, members of the Indonesian government and the Aceh rebel movement discussed relief operations in the disaster-hit area in talks aimed at ending a 30-year conflict in the breakaway region. Meeting between Indonesia, rebels ends Big News Network.com Asian Tsunami Disaster Yahoo News Seattle Post Intelligencer - ABC Online - Reuters - CNN International - all 309 related »News 14 CharlotteBBC NewsBBC News U.S.  »    USA TodayCall With Judge Leads to Delay in Execution New York Times - 6 hours ago The execution of Michael Bruce Ross, the convicted serial killer who was scheduled to be the first person put to death in Connecticut in 45 years, was delayed hours after a ... Execution of Connecticut serial murderer postponed Taipei Times Lawyer\u0027s conflict of interest cited for execution delay WTNH Reuters - Newsday - CNN International - CNN - all 769 related » San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Train suspect OKs delay Seattle Times - 19 hours ago A man accused of triggering the collision of two commuter trains during an aborted suicide attempt appeared in court yesterday, but the hearing was delayed so he could undergo further medical evaluation. Train crash suspect granted delay in court USA Today Hearing delayed in train derailment Chicago Tribune (subscription) San Diego Union Tribune (Subscription) - New York Times - San Jose Mercury News (Subscription) - Boston Globe - all 1,149 related » Seattle Post IntelligencerIraq vote also a test for US CNN International - 5 hours ago The United States\u0027 plan to bring democracy to Iraq faces its most important test Sunday when Iraqis vote in their first multiparty national elections in more than 50 years. Bush: US Must Stay in Iraq After Election Reuters Bush, Anticipating Violence and Low Sunni Turnout, Promotes a ... New York Times Boston Globe - Winnipeg Sun - Defenselink.mil - Houston Chronicle - all 486 related »USA TodaySan Diego Union Tribune (Subscription)Seattle Post Intelligencer Business  »     National PostProcter \u0026 Gamble buys Gillette to form the world\u0027s biggest ... FinFacts Ireland - 9 hours ago Procter \u0026 Gamble\u0027s decision to buy Gillette for $54 billion in stock, was the big news story of the week. \"This merger is going to create the greatest consumer company in the world, a company ... Stock market braces for frantic week Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) Stock swap transaction creates biggest consumer firm MarketWatch Washington Post (Subscription) - ABC News - WebProNews - Reuters - all 1,232 related » AXcess NewsOPEC set to keep supply steady Taipei Times - 40 minutes ago The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is poised to keep crude oil production at current levels and adopt a wait-and-see stance at a weekend meeting here amid elections in Iraq and booming Chinese demand, OPEC ministers said. Update 10: OPEC Panel Recommends No Change in Quota Forbes High oil prices \u0027having little effect on growth\u0027 Gulf Daily News New York Times - MarketWatch - Reuters - WAVY-TV - all 436 related » Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinLockheed Martin wins Pentagon deal Taipei Times - 40 minutes ago Lockheed Martin Corp has won a contract to build the next generation of presidential helicopters, the Pentagon said Friday. There had been intense competition for the contract whose award to a European design ... US-European plan wins chopper bid Journal of Turkish Weekly Update 4: Lockheed Wins Presidential Copter Contract Forbes Washington Post (Subscription) - New York Times - Reuters - MarketWatch - all 533 related »          Sci/Tech  »     E-Commerce TimesJudge gives hacker Parson lighter penalty citing psychological ... Earthtimes.org - 13 hours ago Citing parental neglect and psychological problems, US District Judge Marsha Pechman gave hacker Jeffrey Lee Parson a much lighter penalty than the sentence of 10 years in prison and a quarter million dollar fine, that he could have received had he not ... Blaster worm writer gets 18 months in prison DV Hardware Man Sentenced for Releasing Computer Worm ABC News Reuters - CNN International - WebProNews - Boost Marketing - all 322 related » Florida TodayFlight Task Group says that shuttle’s Fuel Tank is safe Earthtimes.org - 2 hours ago The Return to Flight Task Group of NASA has issued an interim report stating that NASA should not depend excessively on untested computer models to ascertain whether the new shuttle modification is secure enough to counter any heat shield failures during ... Panel Cautions NASA on Shuttle Models New York Times Panel Warns NASA of Shuttle Concerns Washington Post (Subscription) Houston Chronicle - Express Newsline - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Florida Today - all 109 related » Enterprise Security TodayThis week in Windows CNET News.com - Jan 28, 2005 Microsoft is fed up with Windows pirates and is laying down the law--no more patches for illegitimate copies. Aiming to crack down on counterfeit software, Microsoft plans later this year to require customers ... Microsoft Piracy WTVY Microsoft Plans Severe Restrictions On Fixes For Pirated Windows ... Information Week eWeek - Article Central - enterprise-windows-it.com - WebProNews - all 92 related » Business  »    National PostProcter \u0026 Gamble buys Gillette to form the world\u0027s biggest ... FinFacts Ireland - 9 hours ago Procter \u0026 Gamble\u0027s decision to buy Gillette for $54 billion in stock, was the big news story of the week. \"This merger is going to create the greatest consumer company in the world, a company ... Stock market braces for frantic week Investor\u0027s Business Daily (subscription) Stock swap transaction creates biggest consumer firm MarketWatch Washington Post (Subscription) - ABC News - WebProNews - Reuters - all 1,232 related » AXcess NewsOPEC set to keep supply steady Taipei Times - 40 minutes ago The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is poised to keep crude oil production at current levels and adopt a wait-and-see stance at a weekend meeting here amid elections in Iraq and booming Chinese demand, OPEC ministers said. Update 10: OPEC Panel Recommends No Change in Quota Forbes High oil prices \u0027having little effect on growth\u0027 Gulf Daily News New York Times - MarketWatch - Reuters - WAVY-TV - all 436 related » Press \u0026 Sun-BulletinLockheed Martin wins Pentagon deal Taipei Times - 40 minutes ago Lockheed Martin Corp has won a contract to build the next generation of presidential helicopters, the Pentagon said Friday. There had been intense competition for the contract whose award to a European design ... US-European plan wins chopper bid Journal of Turkish Weekly Update 4: Lockheed Wins Presidential Copter Contract Forbes Washington Post (Subscription) - New York Times - Reuters - MarketWatch - all 533 related »National PostAXcess NewsPress \u0026 Sun-Bulletin Sci/Tech  »    E-Commerce TimesJudge gives hacker Parson lighter penalty citing psychological ... Earthtimes.org - 13 hours ago Citing parental neglect and psychological problems, US District Judge Marsha Pechman gave hacker Jeffrey Lee Parson a much lighter penalty than the sentence of 10 years in prison and a quarter million dollar fine, that he could have received had he not ... Blaster worm writer gets 18 months in prison DV Hardware Man Sentenced for Releasing Computer Worm ABC News Reuters - CNN International - WebProNews - Boost Marketing - all 322 related » Florida TodayFlight Task Group says that shuttle’s Fuel Tank is safe Earthtimes.org - 2 hours ago The Return to Flight Task Group of NASA has issued an interim report stating that NASA should not depend excessively on untested computer models to ascertain whether the new shuttle modification is secure enough to counter any heat shield failures during ... Panel Cautions NASA on Shuttle Models New York Times Panel Warns NASA of Shuttle Concerns Washington Post (Subscription) Houston Chronicle - Express Newsline - Seattle Post Intelligencer - Florida Today - all 109 related » Enterprise Security TodayThis week in Windows CNET News.com - Jan 28, 2005 Microsoft is fed up with Windows pirates and is laying down the law--no more patches for illegitimate copies. Aiming to crack down on counterfeit software, Microsoft plans later this year to require customers ... Microsoft Piracy WTVY Microsoft Plans Severe Restrictions On Fixes For Pirated Windows ... Information Week eWeek - Article Central - enterprise-windows-it.com - WebProNews - all 92 related »E-Commerce TimesFlorida TodayEnterprise Security Today Sports  »     Seattle Post IntelligencerSerena and the power of instant recovery Independent - 1 hour ago Perhaps it was something to do with the closed roof, which threw a normally sun-splashed Australian Open into deep shadow, but there was a Biblical twist to a women\u0027s final featuring the lame and the halt. For Williams, Great Escape Then a Grand Triumph New York Times Unbreakable Williams gets grand slam show back on the road Turkish Press Age (subscription) - Guardian - The Sunday Times - Telegraph.co.uk - all 1,540 related » AZ Central.comOgilvie rolls along at Bob Hope Classic CBC News - 1 hour ago Joe Ogilvie fired a 3-under-par 69 Saturday to maintain his two-shot lead at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic in Palm Springs, Calif. Ogilvie Not Taking Anything for Granted at the Hope Los Angeles Times (subscription) UPDATE 1-Front-running Ogilvie looking good for maiden win Reuters.uk TSN.ca - Gambling Gates.com - Turkish Press - San Francisco Chronicle - all 580 related » CBC NewsMiller makes golden start The Sunday Times - 2 hours ago AMERICA’S Bode Miller took gold in the opening race of the 2005 World Alpine Championships in Bormio, Italy, yesterday, throwing down the gauntlet to the Alpine nations. Miller\u0027s World Cup bid on track Age (subscription) Miller chases Alpine record Telegraph.co.uk CNN International - Reuters - San Francisco Chronicle - SkiRacing.com - all 165 related »          Entertainment  »     Spokesman Review (subscription)A star at bay Guardian - 3 hours ago It\u0027s the celebrity trial to top them all - the fading King of Pop defending charges that he molested a young and seriously ill boy. The bad or mad show Telegraph.co.uk Trial and tribulations facing Jackson judge Scotsman Newsday - Reuters - Daily Times - The Sunday Times - all 728 related » Age (subscription)APT pulled `Buster\u0027 show before PBS AL.com - 17 hours ago If PBS hadn\u0027t pulled an episode of a children\u0027s show featuring a lesbian couple raising a child, it still would not have aired in Alabama. Jan. 29, 11:25 am: Ed. department enters the \"Twilight Zone\" South Brunswick Post Sweet \u0027Buster\u0027 is far from radical Boston Globe Washington Post - New York Blade - Guardian - CBC News - all 117 related » CNN InternationalHow I Captured Johnny TIME - 7 hours ago One of the more unique images of Johnny Carson appeared on the cover of the May 19, 1967 issue of TIME. Carson had just received a million-dollar contract to continue The Tonight Show on NBC ... Tapes of Johnny Carson\u0027s shows kept in underground vault in ... Kansas City Star (subscription) Good Night, Johnny Carson NPR (audio) Reuters - Arizona Daily Sun - Toronto Star (Subscription) - CNN - all 31 related » Sports  »    Seattle Post IntelligencerSerena and the power of instant recovery Independent - 1 hour ago Perhaps it was something to do with the closed roof, which threw a normally sun-splashed Australian Open into deep shadow, but there was a Biblical twist to a women\u0027s final featuring the lame and the halt. For Williams, Great Escape Then a Grand Triumph New York Times Unbreakable Williams gets grand slam show back on the road Turkish Press Age (subscription) - Guardian - The Sunday Times - Telegraph.co.uk - all 1,540 related » AZ Central.comOgilvie rolls along at Bob Hope Classic CBC News - 1 hour ago Joe Ogilvie fired a 3-under-par 69 Saturday to maintain his two-shot lead at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic in Palm Springs, Calif. Ogilvie Not Taking Anything for Granted at the Hope Los Angeles Times (subscription) UPDATE 1-Front-running Ogilvie looking good for maiden win Reuters.uk TSN.ca - Gambling Gates.com - Turkish Press - San Francisco Chronicle - all 580 related » CBC NewsMiller makes golden start The Sunday Times - 2 hours ago AMERICA’S Bode Miller took gold in the opening race of the 2005 World Alpine Championships in Bormio, Italy, yesterday, throwing down the gauntlet to the Alpine nations. Miller\u0027s World Cup bid on track Age (subscription) Miller chases Alpine record Telegraph.co.uk CNN International - Reuters - San Francisco Chronicle - SkiRacing.com - all 165 related »Seattle Post IntelligencerAZ Central.comCBC News Entertainment  »    Spokesman Review (subscription)A star at bay Guardian - 3 hours ago It\u0027s the celebrity trial to top them all - the fading King of Pop defending charges that he molested a young and seriously ill boy. The bad or mad show Telegraph.co.uk Trial and tribulations facing Jackson judge Scotsman Newsday - Reuters - Daily Times - The Sunday Times - all 728 related » Age (subscription)APT pulled `Buster\u0027 show before PBS AL.com - 17 hours ago If PBS hadn\u0027t pulled an episode of a children\u0027s show featuring a lesbian couple raising a child, it still would not have aired in Alabama. Jan. 29, 11:25 am: Ed. department enters the \"Twilight Zone\" South Brunswick Post Sweet \u0027Buster\u0027 is far from radical Boston Globe Washington Post - New York Blade - Guardian - CBC News - all 117 related » CNN InternationalHow I Captured Johnny TIME - 7 hours ago One of the more unique images of Johnny Carson appeared on the cover of the May 19, 1967 issue of TIME. Carson had just received a million-dollar contract to continue The Tonight Show on NBC ... Tapes of Johnny Carson\u0027s shows kept in underground vault in ... Kansas City Star (subscription) Good Night, Johnny Carson NPR (audio) Reuters - Arizona Daily Sun - Toronto Star (Subscription) - CNN - all 31 related »Spokesman Review (subscription)Age (subscription)CNN International Health  »     Earthtimes.orgNo Weigh to Lose Pounds RedNova.com - 4 hours ago Researchers who studied every movement of a group of volunteers, down to the smallest tap of a toe, found that overweight individuals sit around more than those who are lean. Fidget For Life Blogcritics.org Study shows NEAT trick to getting lean Toronto Star (Subscription) New York Times - National Geographic - Washington Post - Forbes - all 357 related » AXcess NewsGoat With Mad Cow Disease Raises New Fears Health Talk - 6 hours ago A goat slaughtered nearly three years ago in France had mad cow disease, the European Union confirmed on Friday. Scientists originally believed the goat had scrapie, a disease similar to bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE). Discovery of Mad Cow Disease in Goat No Cause for Alarm, Says EU Daily News Central First goat found with mad-cow disease Chicago Sun-Times Independent - International Herald Tribune - Express Newsline - Earthtimes.org - all 87 related » BBC NewsCancer-stricken journalist ends \u0027tumour diary\u0027 ABC Online - 2 hours ago BBC journalist Ivan Noble has posted the last entry in his \u0027tumour journal\u0027, an online record of the two-year long battle he has waged, ultimately without success, against brain cancer. \u0027Tumour diary\u0027 man pens his last blog Electric New Paper Health \u0027blog\u0027 closes with sad end IAfrica South African News BBC News - all 7 related »          More Top Stories     XinhuaUS welcomes China-Taiwan flights World Peace Herald - 6 hours ago The United States Saturday welcomed the resumption of direct flights between China and Taiwan after a 55 year hiatus. \"We welcome cross-strait flights during the ... China shows how to mend strained ties Khaleej Times Self-help is the key to countering China\u0027s law Taipei Times Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Voice of America - Washington Post (Subscription) - Reuters - all 378 related » Voice of AmericaNations at odds on tsunami alerts CNN International - 11 hours ago PHUKET, Thailand -- Government ministers from tsunami-ravaged Asian nations have failed to overcome their differences on which country should host a proposed early warning system in the Indian Ocean. Countries clash over tsunami center Big News Network.com Tsunami alert centres row Gulf Daily News Voice of America - BBC News - Malaysia Star - CBC News - all 264 related » Voice of AmericaZarqawi fear haunts Iraqi voters The Daily Star - 10 hours ago The shadow of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi\u0027s deadly acts and threats overshadow memories of Saddam Hussein\u0027s dictatorship as Iraqis go to vote in a historic election today. Iraq\u0027s Election Washington Post (Subscription) Iraq Arrests 3 More Terror Leaders Voice of America CNN International - Seattle Post Intelligencer - London Free Press - Indianapolis Star - all 959 related » Health  »    Earthtimes.orgNo Weigh to Lose Pounds RedNova.com - 4 hours ago Researchers who studied every movement of a group of volunteers, down to the smallest tap of a toe, found that overweight individuals sit around more than those who are lean. Fidget For Life Blogcritics.org Study shows NEAT trick to getting lean Toronto Star (Subscription) New York Times - National Geographic - Washington Post - Forbes - all 357 related » AXcess NewsGoat With Mad Cow Disease Raises New Fears Health Talk - 6 hours ago A goat slaughtered nearly three years ago in France had mad cow disease, the European Union confirmed on Friday. Scientists originally believed the goat had scrapie, a disease similar to bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE). Discovery of Mad Cow Disease in Goat No Cause for Alarm, Says EU Daily News Central First goat found with mad-cow disease Chicago Sun-Times Independent - International Herald Tribune - Express Newsline - Earthtimes.org - all 87 related » BBC NewsCancer-stricken journalist ends \u0027tumour diary\u0027 ABC Online - 2 hours ago BBC journalist Ivan Noble has posted the last entry in his \u0027tumour journal\u0027, an online record of the two-year long battle he has waged, ultimately without success, against brain cancer. \u0027Tumour diary\u0027 man pens his last blog Electric New Paper Health \u0027blog\u0027 closes with sad end IAfrica South African News BBC News - all 7 related »Earthtimes.orgAXcess NewsBBC News More Top Stories    XinhuaUS welcomes China-Taiwan flights World Peace Herald - 6 hours ago The United States Saturday welcomed the resumption of direct flights between China and Taiwan after a 55 year hiatus. \"We welcome cross-strait flights during the ... China shows how to mend strained ties Khaleej Times Self-help is the key to countering China\u0027s law Taipei Times Sydney Morning Herald (subscription) - Voice of America - Washington Post (Subscription) - Reuters - all 378 related » Voice of AmericaNations at odds on tsunami alerts CNN International - 11 hours ago PHUKET, Thailand -- Government ministers from tsunami-ravaged Asian nations have failed to overcome their differences on which country should host a proposed early warning system in the Indian Ocean. Countries clash over tsunami center Big News Network.com Tsunami alert centres row Gulf Daily News Voice of America - BBC News - Malaysia Star - CBC News - all 264 related » Voice of AmericaZarqawi fear haunts Iraqi voters The Daily Star - 10 hours ago The shadow of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi\u0027s deadly acts and threats overshadow memories of Saddam Hussein\u0027s dictatorship as Iraqis go to vote in a historic election today. Iraq\u0027s Election Washington Post (Subscription) Iraq Arrests 3 More Terror Leaders Voice of America CNN International - Seattle Post Intelligencer - London Free Press - Indianapolis Star - all 959 related »XinhuaVoice of AmericaVoice of America©2005 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":36,"second":57},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
