{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Text VersionAbout Google News©2005 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 13 2003 2005 2006 20,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 13 2003 2005 2006DEC JAN FEB132003 2005 200620,846 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Web    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Web    Images    GroupsNew!    News    Froogle    more »      Search and browse 4,500 news sources updated continuously.\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News    Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)     Muslim American SocietyUS Wraps Up Search for Banned Weapons in Iraq Reuters - 2 hours ago The US force that scoured Iraq for weapons of mass destruction -- cited by President Bush as justification for war -- has abandoned its long and fruitless hunt, US officials said on Wednesday. US gives up search for Saddam\u0027s WMD Guardian Bush administration comments on WMDs Seattle Post Intelligencer ABC News - New York Times - NEWS.com.au - all 728 related » ReutersNew Fight Over Controlling Punishments Is Widely Seen New York Times - 39 minutes ago Lawmakers and legal experts predicted on Wednesday that the Supreme Court decision on sentencing guidelines would renew the struggle between Congress and ... The international court in decline International Herald Tribune High court\u0027s ruling gives federal judges more control in ... Kansas City Star (subscription) Poynter.org - In-Forum (subscription) - USA Today - Reuters - all 466 related »     Airbus celebrates control of the skies International Herald Tribune - all 478 related » Apple Profit Quadruples on IPods Reuters - all 1,106 related » FEATURE-Mourinho\u0027s belief makes the difference at Chelsea Reuters - all 246 related » Jennifer and Brad, really friends? Let\u0027s hope so Earthtimes.org - all 303 related » Hold the Bacon: Processed Meats Cause Cancer TechNewsWorld - all 409 related » In The News  Guantanamo Bay  Abu Ghraib  Deep Impact  Carling Cup  Richard Jefferson  Mahmoud Abbas  Germaine Greer  Charles Graner  Big Brother  Fabrizio Meoni\u003eTop Stories    World    U.S.    Business    Sci/Tech    Sports    Entertainment    Health News Alerts Text Version About Google News\u003eTop Stories   World   U.S.   Business   Sci/Tech   Sports   Entertainment   Health Top Stories    ArgentinaAustraliaCanada EnglishCanada FrançaisChileDeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItaliaMéxicoNew ZealandÖsterreichSchweizSuisseU.K.U.S.??? (China)??? (Hong Kong)?? (Japan)?? (Korea)??? (Taiwan)    Muslim American SocietyUS Wraps Up Search for Banned Weapons in Iraq Reuters - 2 hours ago The US force that scoured Iraq for weapons of mass destruction -- cited by President Bush as justification for war -- has abandoned its long and fruitless hunt, US officials said on Wednesday. US gives up search for Saddam\u0027s WMD Guardian Bush administration comments on WMDs Seattle Post Intelligencer ABC News - New York Times - NEWS.com.au - all 728 related » ReutersNew Fight Over Controlling Punishments Is Widely Seen New York Times - 39 minutes ago Lawmakers and legal experts predicted on Wednesday that the Supreme Court decision on sentencing guidelines would renew the struggle between Congress and ... The international court in decline International Herald Tribune High court\u0027s ruling gives federal judges more control in ... Kansas City Star (subscription) Poynter.org - In-Forum (subscription) - USA Today - Reuters - all 466 related »     Airbus celebrates control of the skies International Herald Tribune - all 478 related » Apple Profit Quadruples on IPods Reuters - all 1,106 related » FEATURE-Mourinho\u0027s belief makes the difference at Chelsea Reuters - all 246 related » Jennifer and Brad, really friends? Let\u0027s hope so Earthtimes.org - all 303 related » Hold the Bacon: Processed Meats Cause Cancer TechNewsWorld - all 409 related » In The News  Guantanamo Bay  Abu Ghraib  Deep Impact  Carling Cup  Richard Jefferson  Mahmoud Abbas  Germaine Greer  Charles Graner  Big Brother  Fabrizio MeoniMuslim American SocietyReutersAirbus celebrates control of the skies International Herald Tribune - all 478 related » Apple Profit Quadruples on IPods Reuters - all 1,106 related » FEATURE-Mourinho\u0027s belief makes the difference at Chelsea Reuters - all 246 related » Jennifer and Brad, really friends? Let\u0027s hope so Earthtimes.org - all 303 related » Hold the Bacon: Processed Meats Cause Cancer TechNewsWorld - all 409 related »In The News Guantanamo Bay  Abu Ghraib  Deep Impact  Carling Cup  Richard Jefferson  Mahmoud Abbas  Germaine Greer  Charles Graner  Big Brother  Fabrizio Meoni  World  »     RTE InteractiveParis Club offering a debt freeze International Herald Tribune - 25 minutes ago PARIS The Paris Club, a group of 19 wealthy creditor nations, offered Wednesday to let tsunami-hit countries suspend repayments on billions of dollars of debt, possibly for as long as a year. Paris Club agrees to offer debt freeze Financial Times US, UN Want Jakarta to Clarify Aid Restrictions Reuters BBC News - The Scotsman - New Zealand Herald - Guardian - all 274 related » Arutz ShevaRussia plays down fears on Syria arms Financial Times - 26 minutes ago The Russian foreign ministry yesterday played down suggestions of rising tension in its relationship with Israel caused by Moscow\u0027s planned armed deals with Syria. Israel acts to halt Russian missile deal with Syria Telegraph.co.uk Russian missile sale to Syria worries Israel, US Jerusalem Post Kansas City Star (subscription) - Moscow Times (subscription) - Turkish Press - all 148 related » BBC NewsBA jet turns back in terrorist alert Telegraph.co.uk - 1 hour ago A British Airways flight from London to New York had to turn back yesterday after the US authorities refused one of the passengers permission to land. British Flight Forced to Return Back Kansas City Star (subscription) Alert Forces British Plane to Return Washington Post The Times - The Herald - ABC Online - Guardian - all 257 related »          U.S.  »     China DailyGrief mounts in Ventura County MSNBC - 29 minutes ago For rescue workers, it was a heartbreaking discovery Tuesday night - the bodies of Michelle Wallet and her three daughters, ages 10, 6 and 2. Wednesday, Michelle\u0027s husband ... La Conchita Residents Lived at Their Own Risk ABC News Governor vows to aid La Conchita as rescue crews seek survivors San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Newsday - Reuters - Voice of America - Seattle Post Intelligencer - all 2,688 related » Muslim American SocietyChertoff\u0027s Challenges Christian Science Monitor - 4 hours ago In choosing Judge Michael Chertoff as the new Homeland Security secretary, President Bush sends a signal to Americans that it\u0027s important to have someone who will stand \"tough on terror ... Homeland Security: Chertoff is a safe pick to make America safe Dallas Morning News (subscription) Homeland Nominee Chose Eclectic Legal Career Path NPR (audio) ABC News - Daily Times - Muslim American Society - New York Times - all 1,119 related » CBS NewsUS to quash aircraft laser threat Newsday - 1 hour ago Federal transportation officials Wednesday told pilots to immediately report laser beam incidents to air traffic controllers, and announced they are setting up a mechanism for pilots to receive ... US Looks to Deflect Laser Beams 580 CFRA Radio Transportation Secretary Discusses Laser Incidents HomeTown channel.com Reuters - Voice of America - KOLD-TV - Xinhua - all 348 related » World  »    RTE InteractiveParis Club offering a debt freeze International Herald Tribune - 25 minutes ago PARIS The Paris Club, a group of 19 wealthy creditor nations, offered Wednesday to let tsunami-hit countries suspend repayments on billions of dollars of debt, possibly for as long as a year. Paris Club agrees to offer debt freeze Financial Times US, UN Want Jakarta to Clarify Aid Restrictions Reuters BBC News - The Scotsman - New Zealand Herald - Guardian - all 274 related » Arutz ShevaRussia plays down fears on Syria arms Financial Times - 26 minutes ago The Russian foreign ministry yesterday played down suggestions of rising tension in its relationship with Israel caused by Moscow\u0027s planned armed deals with Syria. Israel acts to halt Russian missile deal with Syria Telegraph.co.uk Russian missile sale to Syria worries Israel, US Jerusalem Post Kansas City Star (subscription) - Moscow Times (subscription) - Turkish Press - all 148 related » BBC NewsBA jet turns back in terrorist alert Telegraph.co.uk - 1 hour ago A British Airways flight from London to New York had to turn back yesterday after the US authorities refused one of the passengers permission to land. British Flight Forced to Return Back Kansas City Star (subscription) Alert Forces British Plane to Return Washington Post The Times - The Herald - ABC Online - Guardian - all 257 related »RTE InteractiveArutz ShevaBBC News U.S.  »    China DailyGrief mounts in Ventura County MSNBC - 29 minutes ago For rescue workers, it was a heartbreaking discovery Tuesday night - the bodies of Michelle Wallet and her three daughters, ages 10, 6 and 2. Wednesday, Michelle\u0027s husband ... La Conchita Residents Lived at Their Own Risk ABC News Governor vows to aid La Conchita as rescue crews seek survivors San Jose Mercury News (subscription) Newsday - Reuters - Voice of America - Seattle Post Intelligencer - all 2,688 related » Muslim American SocietyChertoff\u0027s Challenges Christian Science Monitor - 4 hours ago In choosing Judge Michael Chertoff as the new Homeland Security secretary, President Bush sends a signal to Americans that it\u0027s important to have someone who will stand \"tough on terror ... Homeland Security: Chertoff is a safe pick to make America safe Dallas Morning News (subscription) Homeland Nominee Chose Eclectic Legal Career Path NPR (audio) ABC News - Daily Times - Muslim American Society - New York Times - all 1,119 related » CBS NewsUS to quash aircraft laser threat Newsday - 1 hour ago Federal transportation officials Wednesday told pilots to immediately report laser beam incidents to air traffic controllers, and announced they are setting up a mechanism for pilots to receive ... US Looks to Deflect Laser Beams 580 CFRA Radio Transportation Secretary Discusses Laser Incidents HomeTown channel.com Reuters - Voice of America - KOLD-TV - Xinhua - all 348 related »China DailyMuslim American SocietyCBS News Business  »     AXcess NewsAirbus celebrates control of the skies International Herald Tribune - 24 minutes ago PARIS Top Airbus executives, celebrating the company\u0027s second year as the world\u0027s largest civilian aircraft manufacturer, said Wednesday that its dominance over former leader Boeing would continue and that it would meet its profit goals despite the ... Airbus prepares march on US military market Guardian Airbus remains a nose ahead of Boeing Telegraph.co.uk Motley Fool - Reuters - Xinhua - all 478 related » TechNewsWorldTrade deficit reaches record $60B CNN International - 1 hour ago NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The US trade deficit reached $60.3 billion in November, a new record, according to a government report released Wednesday. Large trade volume itself not a reason for being content China Daily US Trade Deficit Soars to All-Time High Forbes IrishExaminer.com (subscription) - New York Times - USA Today - Bloomberg - all 374 related » ServihooRussian tycoon gives away holdings in Yukos International Herald Tribune - 25 minutes ago MOSCOW The Russian tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky on Wednesday transferred a majority stake in his investment company, which has the oil producer Yukos as its main asset, to a fellow shareholder who lives in self-imposed exile in Israel. Russian billionaire gives up Yukos shares ABC Online Update 1: Khodorkovsky Launches Attack on System Forbes Moscow Times (subscription) - Financial Times - WebProNews - Turkish Press - all 60 related »          Sci/Tech  »     DetNews.comApple Profit Quadruples on IPods Reuters - 49 minutes ago Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that blew past even the highest Wall Street forecasts on skyrocketing ... Apple Profit Surges WebProNews Apple Introduces Smaller iPod, Mini Mac NBC 10.com DigitalJournal.com - Independent - CNET News.com - Bloomberg - all 1,106 related » China DailyNASA launches Deep Impact to probe solar system\u0027s origin Xinhua - 1 hour ago NASA launched a spacecraft on Wednesday shouldering the mission to crash a hole in a. comet in order to give scientists a glimpse at the frozen primordial features of the solar system. NASA LAUNCHES COMET PROBE Special Broadcasting Service Deep Impact space probe lifts off on comet quest The Scotsman Jet Propulsion Laboratory - Reuters - ABC News - TechNewsWorld - all 542 related » NewsFactor NetworkIBM\u0027s Giveaway Should Play Well eWeek - 50 minutes ago Opinion: Release of patented code will look good to Congress and win some favor in open-source community. But in an atmosphere where more IT professionals are paying attention to copyright and patents, it\u0027s also a political statement. IBM wants to foster innovation by pledging 500 patents Silicon Valley North IBM Pledges 500 Patents to Open Source Web Host Industry Review Earthtimes.org - Motley Fool - Information Week - Boston Herald - all 205 related » Business  »    AXcess NewsAirbus celebrates control of the skies International Herald Tribune - 24 minutes ago PARIS Top Airbus executives, celebrating the company\u0027s second year as the world\u0027s largest civilian aircraft manufacturer, said Wednesday that its dominance over former leader Boeing would continue and that it would meet its profit goals despite the ... Airbus prepares march on US military market Guardian Airbus remains a nose ahead of Boeing Telegraph.co.uk Motley Fool - Reuters - Xinhua - all 478 related » TechNewsWorldTrade deficit reaches record $60B CNN International - 1 hour ago NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The US trade deficit reached $60.3 billion in November, a new record, according to a government report released Wednesday. Large trade volume itself not a reason for being content China Daily US Trade Deficit Soars to All-Time High Forbes IrishExaminer.com (subscription) - New York Times - USA Today - Bloomberg - all 374 related » ServihooRussian tycoon gives away holdings in Yukos International Herald Tribune - 25 minutes ago MOSCOW The Russian tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky on Wednesday transferred a majority stake in his investment company, which has the oil producer Yukos as its main asset, to a fellow shareholder who lives in self-imposed exile in Israel. Russian billionaire gives up Yukos shares ABC Online Update 1: Khodorkovsky Launches Attack on System Forbes Moscow Times (subscription) - Financial Times - WebProNews - Turkish Press - all 60 related »AXcess NewsTechNewsWorldServihoo Sci/Tech  »    DetNews.comApple Profit Quadruples on IPods Reuters - 49 minutes ago Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that blew past even the highest Wall Street forecasts on skyrocketing ... Apple Profit Surges WebProNews Apple Introduces Smaller iPod, Mini Mac NBC 10.com DigitalJournal.com - Independent - CNET News.com - Bloomberg - all 1,106 related » China DailyNASA launches Deep Impact to probe solar system\u0027s origin Xinhua - 1 hour ago NASA launched a spacecraft on Wednesday shouldering the mission to crash a hole in a. comet in order to give scientists a glimpse at the frozen primordial features of the solar system. NASA LAUNCHES COMET PROBE Special Broadcasting Service Deep Impact space probe lifts off on comet quest The Scotsman Jet Propulsion Laboratory - Reuters - ABC News - TechNewsWorld - all 542 related » NewsFactor NetworkIBM\u0027s Giveaway Should Play Well eWeek - 50 minutes ago Opinion: Release of patented code will look good to Congress and win some favor in open-source community. But in an atmosphere where more IT professionals are paying attention to copyright and patents, it\u0027s also a political statement. IBM wants to foster innovation by pledging 500 patents Silicon Valley North IBM Pledges 500 Patents to Open Source Web Host Industry Review Earthtimes.org - Motley Fool - Information Week - Boston Herald - all 205 related »DetNews.comChina DailyNewsFactor Network Sports  »     RTE InteractiveFEATURE-Mourinho\u0027s belief makes the difference at Chelsea Reuters - 1 hour ago Before Chelsea signed Jose Mourinho, the average English fan would have been hard pushed to name a Portuguese soccer personality, other than perhaps Benfica\u0027s 1960s \"Black Panther\" Eusebio, or Real Madrid\u0027s Figo. Man. Utd earns 0-0 draw at Chelsea in League Cup Xinhua Scuffle mars 0-0 draw between Chelsea and Manchester United in ... Canada.com FOX Sports - Futbolera - Tribalfootball.com - Stuff.co.nz - all 246 related » EurosportFEATURE-Open-Roddick determined to be upbeat about 2005 Reuters - 1 hour ago When Andy Roddick blasted his way to the US Open title in 2003 at the age of 21, it looked as if the world was at his feet. But despite finishing 2004 as the ... Henman will win a major, says Federer Guardian Henman sets up Federer challenge The Scotsman The Times - Independent - Telegraph.co.uk - Glasgow Daily Record - all 277 related » Morientes signs with Liverpool Xinhua - 1 hour ago Real Madrid\u0027s Fernando Morientes Wednesday at noon reached a formal agreement with England\u0027s Premier League\u0027s Liverpool, for a contract for three years and a half, according to his agent, Gines Carvajal. Liverpool land £6.3m Morientes The Scotsman I\u0027m coming to get you Fergie The Sun TSN.ca - Telegraph.co.uk - Tribalfootball.com - The Age (subscription) - all 248 related »          Entertainment  »     Gambling Gates.comJennifer and Brad, really friends? Let\u0027s hope so Earthtimes.org - 11 hours ago As the break up of Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt sinks into the hearts and minds of their fans across the globe and gossip columns around the world, it appears that these two individuals were not only a Hollywood dream couple but adored internationally. Mags do double-duty on Brad-Jen breakup New York Daily News The not-good-enough girl Salon (subscription) News24 - Digital Spy - USA Today - Forbes - all 303 related » Gambling Gates.comShekhar Kapoor remembers \u0027Mogambo\u0027 Times of India - 4 hours ago Veteran Bollywood actor Amrish Puri who passed away yesterday won hearts all over with his role as the evil Mogambo in Mr India. Director Shekhar Kapur tells BT about the making of Mogambo. Bollywood’s star Amrish Puri finishes up villain\u0027s role Gambling Gates.com King of Bollywood baddies dies Guardian CBC News - Calcutta Telegraph - Economic Times - Reuters - all 88 related » The Age (subscription)Tears for Greer Monsters and Critics - 3 hours ago Author and critic Germaine Greer has quit a the UK\u0027s Celebrity Big Brother show, saying she was \"a little naive\" to agree to appear at all. CBB3 makes international headlines Digital Spy Has reality TV become too cruel? BBC News The Scotsman - Elites TV - Reuters - The Australian - all 175 related » Sports  »    RTE InteractiveFEATURE-Mourinho\u0027s belief makes the difference at Chelsea Reuters - 1 hour ago Before Chelsea signed Jose Mourinho, the average English fan would have been hard pushed to name a Portuguese soccer personality, other than perhaps Benfica\u0027s 1960s \"Black Panther\" Eusebio, or Real Madrid\u0027s Figo. Man. Utd earns 0-0 draw at Chelsea in League Cup Xinhua Scuffle mars 0-0 draw between Chelsea and Manchester United in ... Canada.com FOX Sports - Futbolera - Tribalfootball.com - Stuff.co.nz - all 246 related » EurosportFEATURE-Open-Roddick determined to be upbeat about 2005 Reuters - 1 hour ago When Andy Roddick blasted his way to the US Open title in 2003 at the age of 21, it looked as if the world was at his feet. But despite finishing 2004 as the ... Henman will win a major, says Federer Guardian Henman sets up Federer challenge The Scotsman The Times - Independent - Telegraph.co.uk - Glasgow Daily Record - all 277 related » Morientes signs with Liverpool Xinhua - 1 hour ago Real Madrid\u0027s Fernando Morientes Wednesday at noon reached a formal agreement with England\u0027s Premier League\u0027s Liverpool, for a contract for three years and a half, according to his agent, Gines Carvajal. Liverpool land £6.3m Morientes The Scotsman I\u0027m coming to get you Fergie The Sun TSN.ca - Telegraph.co.uk - Tribalfootball.com - The Age (subscription) - all 248 related »RTE InteractiveEurosport Entertainment  »    Gambling Gates.comJennifer and Brad, really friends? Let\u0027s hope so Earthtimes.org - 11 hours ago As the break up of Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt sinks into the hearts and minds of their fans across the globe and gossip columns around the world, it appears that these two individuals were not only a Hollywood dream couple but adored internationally. Mags do double-duty on Brad-Jen breakup New York Daily News The not-good-enough girl Salon (subscription) News24 - Digital Spy - USA Today - Forbes - all 303 related » Gambling Gates.comShekhar Kapoor remembers \u0027Mogambo\u0027 Times of India - 4 hours ago Veteran Bollywood actor Amrish Puri who passed away yesterday won hearts all over with his role as the evil Mogambo in Mr India. Director Shekhar Kapur tells BT about the making of Mogambo. Bollywood’s star Amrish Puri finishes up villain\u0027s role Gambling Gates.com King of Bollywood baddies dies Guardian CBC News - Calcutta Telegraph - Economic Times - Reuters - all 88 related » The Age (subscription)Tears for Greer Monsters and Critics - 3 hours ago Author and critic Germaine Greer has quit a the UK\u0027s Celebrity Big Brother show, saying she was \"a little naive\" to agree to appear at all. CBB3 makes international headlines Digital Spy Has reality TV become too cruel? BBC News The Scotsman - Elites TV - Reuters - The Australian - all 175 related »Gambling Gates.comGambling Gates.comThe Age (subscription) Health  »     Daily News CentralHold the Bacon: Processed Meats Cause Cancer TechNewsWorld - 52 minutes ago High consumption of red meat and processed meat increases the risk of developing colon cancer. Researchers said a new study, the latest in a series of more than two dozen, provides more reason for limiting the amount of meat in the diet. Research Ties Red Meat to Colon Cancer Voice of America Red meat could increase risk of colorectal cancer Food Ingredients First Halifax Live - NPR (audio) - Herkimer Evening Telegram - Forbes - all 409 related » Spokesman Review (subscription)New government guidelines emphasize calories, exercise San Diego Union Tribune - 3 hours ago \"It is not too hard,\" the health secretary insisted Wednesday in issuing new federal dietary guidelines that also urge people to eat more whole grains, fruits and vegetables and stick to fat-free or lowfat milk. Gov\u0027t Issues New Food Guidelines WNBC US Government Asks Americans to Eat Less, Exercise More Voice of America Forbes - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - WebMD - all 261 related » FDA Warns Pfizer Over Painkiller Ads Reuters - 3 hours ago The US Food and Drug Administration has warned Pfizer Inc. that television and print advertisements for its painkillers Celebrex and Bextra misled consumers, according to a letter made public on Wednesday. FDA warns Pfizer over painkiller ads CNN Dietary rules heighten food fight over FDA Christian Science Monitor Seattle Post Intelligencer - Health Talk - CBS MarketWatch - Forbes - all 62 related »          More Top Stories     China DailyIraq Abuse Soldier Said to Flout Orders Wired News - 3 hours ago A US soldier at the center of the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal was said in court on Wednesday to have often flouted instructions, undercutting his defense that he ... Spy for US forces in Iraq says soldier beat him in prison Kansas City Star (subscription) Defense Witness Says Abuse in Iraqi Prison Was Ordered New York Times ABC News - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Washington Post - Denton Record Chronicle (subscription) - all 1,737 related » USA TodayGermany detains 22 suspected extremists USA Today - 4 hours ago German police took 22 suspects into custody Wednesday during nationwide raids on a network of Muslim extremists that turned up militant Islamic propaganda and forged passports, investigators said. German police swoop on suspected Islamist terror network Financial Times German police arrest 14 in security swoop Xinhua The Herald - New Zealand Herald - Kansas City Star (subscription) - San Francisco Chronicle - all 125 related » CTVThatcher\u0027s Son to Appear in Court in Coup Plot New York Times - 29 minutes ago Sir Mark Thatcher, accused of helping to finance an attempted coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, will make an unexpected court appearance on Thursday, prosecutors said Wednesday. Thatcher coup bid fine The Sun Thatcher: UK Ex-Prime Minister\u0027s Son To Plead Guilty In Africa ... Forbes Telegraph.co.uk - The Scotsman - Independent - all 169 related » Health  »    Daily News CentralHold the Bacon: Processed Meats Cause Cancer TechNewsWorld - 52 minutes ago High consumption of red meat and processed meat increases the risk of developing colon cancer. Researchers said a new study, the latest in a series of more than two dozen, provides more reason for limiting the amount of meat in the diet. Research Ties Red Meat to Colon Cancer Voice of America Red meat could increase risk of colorectal cancer Food Ingredients First Halifax Live - NPR (audio) - Herkimer Evening Telegram - Forbes - all 409 related » Spokesman Review (subscription)New government guidelines emphasize calories, exercise San Diego Union Tribune - 3 hours ago \"It is not too hard,\" the health secretary insisted Wednesday in issuing new federal dietary guidelines that also urge people to eat more whole grains, fruits and vegetables and stick to fat-free or lowfat milk. Gov\u0027t Issues New Food Guidelines WNBC US Government Asks Americans to Eat Less, Exercise More Voice of America Forbes - Kansas City Star (subscription) - Reuters - WebMD - all 261 related » FDA Warns Pfizer Over Painkiller Ads Reuters - 3 hours ago The US Food and Drug Administration has warned Pfizer Inc. that television and print advertisements for its painkillers Celebrex and Bextra misled consumers, according to a letter made public on Wednesday. FDA warns Pfizer over painkiller ads CNN Dietary rules heighten food fight over FDA Christian Science Monitor Seattle Post Intelligencer - Health Talk - CBS MarketWatch - Forbes - all 62 related »Daily News CentralSpokesman Review (subscription) More Top Stories    China DailyIraq Abuse Soldier Said to Flout Orders Wired News - 3 hours ago A US soldier at the center of the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal was said in court on Wednesday to have often flouted instructions, undercutting his defense that he ... Spy for US forces in Iraq says soldier beat him in prison Kansas City Star (subscription) Defense Witness Says Abuse in Iraqi Prison Was Ordered New York Times ABC News - Los Angeles Times (subscription) - Washington Post - Denton Record Chronicle (subscription) - all 1,737 related » USA TodayGermany detains 22 suspected extremists USA Today - 4 hours ago German police took 22 suspects into custody Wednesday during nationwide raids on a network of Muslim extremists that turned up militant Islamic propaganda and forged passports, investigators said. German police swoop on suspected Islamist terror network Financial Times German police arrest 14 in security swoop Xinhua The Herald - New Zealand Herald - Kansas City Star (subscription) - San Francisco Chronicle - all 125 related » CTVThatcher\u0027s Son to Appear in Court in Coup Plot New York Times - 29 minutes ago Sir Mark Thatcher, accused of helping to finance an attempted coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, will make an unexpected court appearance on Thursday, prosecutors said Wednesday. Thatcher coup bid fine The Sun Thatcher: UK Ex-Prime Minister\u0027s Son To Plead Guilty In Africa ... Forbes Telegraph.co.uk - The Scotsman - Independent - all 169 related »China DailyUSA TodayCTV©2005 Google - Google Home - About Google - About Google News","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2005,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":59,"second":43},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
