{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTop StoriesTemperature warning as Copenhagen climate deal emergesGOP senators to block defense bill in bid to delay health-care voteTravel ban for Pakistani minister in corruption inquiryUS imposes fewer death penalties as DNA evidence see more people clearedTEXT-Bank of Japan statement on monetary policyPalm Smartphone Sales Slip as It Struggles to Turn AroundFox banks on James Cameron\u0027s $380 million \u0027Avatar\u002714-0: Colts stay unbeaten with 35-31 win over JagsFlu pandemic may change US flu approach foreverChristmas turducken: A whole lot of a good thingUS and Russia Seek Ambitious Cuts in Nuclear ArsenalsEthics @ Work: Climate summit fizzlesUS and Russia Seek Ambitious Cuts in Nuclear ArsenalsItalian PM released from hospital, shows resilience$7.4 billion in stimulus projects to extend broadband to poor and rural areasMTA budget cuts to greatly impact Access-A-Ride clientsLA police release new sketches of serial killerTEXT-Bank of Japan statement on monetary policyOracle Database Biz Poised to Bounce BackRIM Earnings Surge On Strong Overseas Sales \u003eRIMMPalm Smartphone Sales Slip as It Struggles to Turn AroundMobile Phones Become Essential Tool for Holiday ShoppingCheck Your Facebook Privacy Settings. Now!Fox banks on James Cameron\u0027s $380 million \u0027Avatar\u0027\u0027Did You Hear About the Morgans?\u0027Tiger Woods Update: divorce and where is Tiger Woods?14-0: Colts stay unbeaten with 35-31 win over JagsWitness: Chris Henry threatened fiancee that he would kill himselfBolts\u0027 slide continues in DetroitFlu pandemic may change US flu approach forever60 million Americans had no health insurance last yearFake blood-clotting products to heal wounded soldiersChristmas turducken: A whole lot of a good thingObama\u0027s Christian RealismRare gender identity defect hits Gaza familiesRags brought riches to Guess co-founder Georges Marciano, but now he faces ruinDressing for Success, Again","h2":"Updated 7 minutes ago Top StoriesTemperature warning as Copenhagen climate deal emergesGOP senators to block defense bill in bid to delay health-care voteTravel ban for Pakistani minister in corruption inquiryBreaking NewsIn The NewsLiving Stories: a way to follow developing stories New!Recommended for you »edit close edit World »Ethics @ Work: Climate summit fizzlesUS and Russia Seek Ambitious Cuts in Nuclear ArsenalsItalian PM released from hospital, shows resilienceLocal News »edit close edit U.S. »$7.4 billion in stimulus projects to extend broadband to poor and rural areasMTA budget cuts to greatly impact Access-A-Ride clientsLA police release new sketches of serial killeredit close edit Business »TEXT-Bank of Japan statement on monetary policyOracle Database Biz Poised to Bounce BackRIM Earnings Surge On Strong Overseas Sales \u003eRIMMedit close edit Sci/Tech »Palm Smartphone Sales Slip as It Struggles to Turn AroundMobile Phones Become Essential Tool for Holiday ShoppingCheck Your Facebook Privacy Settings. Now!edit close edit Entertainment »Fox banks on James Cameron\u0027s $380 million \u0027Avatar\u0027\u0027Did You Hear About the Morgans?\u0027Tiger Woods Update: divorce and where is Tiger Woods?edit close edit Sports »14-0: Colts stay unbeaten with 35-31 win over JagsWitness: Chris Henry threatened fiancee that he would kill himselfBolts\u0027 slide continues in Detroitedit close edit Health »Flu pandemic may change US flu approach forever60 million Americans had no health insurance last yearFake blood-clotting products to heal wounded soldiersedit close edit Spotlight »Christmas turducken: A whole lot of a good thingObama\u0027s Christian RealismRare gender identity defect hits Gaza familiesRags brought riches to Guess co-founder Georges Marciano, but now he faces ruinDressing for Success, Again","h3":"",".snippet":"A deal appears to be in sight for the final day of the UN climate change talks but there are fears it may not prevent a 3C (5.4F) temperature rise.Senate Republicans said Thursday that they would try to filibuster a massive Pentagon bill that funds the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, an unusual move that several acknowledged was an effort to delay President Obama\u0027s ...Pakistani Defence Minister Ahmed Mukhtar has said that immigration officials stopped him from boarding a plane for an official visit to China.The United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen ends Friday. The participants have been working on guidelines to deal with anticipated climate change.WASHINGTON - Eight months, three presidential meetings, countless Geneva negotiating sessions and one missed deadline later, the United States and Russia appear close to agreement on a new arms control treaty that will reduce their ...ROME, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi was released from hospital on Thursday and will spend the initial part of his recovery at his villa outside Milan.The Obama administration named 18 projects Thursday that would receive a portion of the $7.4 billion in stimulus funds set aside to bring high-speed Internet to poor and rural areas that have been overlooked by Internet service ...Some of the city\u0027s disabled will be forced to use mass transit instead of Access-A-Ride under budget cuts MTA is proposing. Disabled and in a wheelchair, Franklin Mederano relies on Access-A-Ride for ...LOS ANGELES - Los Angeles police have released two new composite sketches of a man believed to have killed at least 11 people since 1985.1. At the Monetary Policy Meeting held today, the Policy Board of the Bank of Japan decided, by a unanimous vote, to set the following guideline for money market operations for the intermeeting period: The Bank of Japan will encourage the ...Oracle\u0027s flagship database business is poised again to be a growth engine of the world\u0027s second-largest software company. Sales of Oracle (ORCL) software used to store and manage data rebounded in the quarter that ended Nov.TORONTO (Dow Jones) -- Research In Motion Ltd. said strong sales overseas were a key driver of better-than-expected earnings and forecasts, as smartphones like the Blackberry become increasingly mainstream in international markets.Palm\u0027s reboot is under way, but it has yet to prove that it can turn around its fortunes. Jonathan Rubinstein, Palm\u0027s chief, with a Palm Pixi.While shopping at Bloomingdale\u0027s in San Francisco, Michael Robison scans bar codes with ShopSavvy, a price comparison application, on the T-Mobile G smartphone.If Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg can\u0027t figure out his social networking site\u0027s privacy settings after they were ripped open earlier this month, what hope is there for the rest of us?James Cameron turned down a chance to make \"Avatar\" for Twentieth Century Fox more than a decade ago to wait until technology caught up with his imagination.Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker have never been more charmless in a failed romantic comedy that falls flat at every turn. By Zip Code: By BETSY SHARKEY, Film Critic So here\u0027s a question for the Feds, whose famed witness protection program takes ...Today\u0027s Tiger Woods update begins with the breaking news that Elin has decided to file for a divorce from the pro-golfer. A source close to Elin Nordegren Woods spoke with People Magazine and revealed that Elin is through working on her marriage and ...JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Peyton Manning completed every pass early and one big one late, exactly what the Indianapolis Colts needed to stay unbeaten.By Jeff Swinger, The Cincinnati Enquirer By Carrie Whitaker, The Cincinnati Enquirer CHARLOTTE - In the last conscious moments of Chris Henry\u0027s life, the Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver begged the woman who has been credited for helping turn his life ...Tampa Bay\u0027s stretch of games with only one win reached 11 on Thursday after falling 3-0 to Detroit, dropping Tampa Bay\u0027s record to 1-12-1 all-time at Joe Louis Arena.WASHINGTON, Dec 17 (Reuters) - The swine flu pandemic may have changed the US approach to handling influenza forever, and for the better, US officials said on Thursday.By Jimmy Downs About 60 million people in the United States had no health insurance at some point in time after January 2008, according to survey data released from the Centers for Disease and Control Wednesday.Scientists say they have made a synthetic blood-clotting agent that could help wounded troops and patients. In the lab, the fake platelets cut bleeding in half compared with having no treatment.The layered assemblage of chicken, duck, turkey and stuffing is a holiday entree your family and friends won\u0027t soon forget. Turducken: It\u0027s a glorious monster of a roast, a guaranteed showstopper at any holiday dinner.If you were graduating from Princeton in the first part of the 20th century, you probably heard the university president, John Hibben, deliver one of his commencement addresses.Ahmed Fayiz Abed Rabo, left, and Nadir Mohammed Sadi Saleh are cousins with the same birth defect. Editor\u0027s Note: Watch Connect the World tonight 9pm GMT, 4pm ET.Convinced that some employees stole from him, Marciano initiated lawsuits that backfired when a judge instead ordered him to pay the accused employees hundreds of millions of dollars in damages.THE runaway phenomenon that is “Mad Men,” with its stylish depiction of Kennedy-era New York, where men dressed with style and philandered with impunity, has handed modern men their very own “Sex and the City” fantasy.","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 18 2008 2009 2010 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 18 2008 2009 2010NOV DEC JAN182008 2009 201020,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news search PreferencesArgentina Australia België Belgique Botswana Brasil Canada English Canada Français ?eská republika Chile Colombia Cuba Deutschland España Estados Unidos Ethiopia France Ghana India Ireland Israel English Italia Kenya Magyarország Malaysia México Namibia Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Schweiz Sénégal Singapore South Africa Suisse Sverige Tanzania Türkiye U.K. U.S. Uganda Venezuela Vi?t Nam (Vietnam) Zimbabwe ?????? (Greece) ?????? (Russia) ??????? / ??????? (Ukraine) ??????? / ?????????? (Ukraine) ????? (Israel) ???????? (UAE) ???????? (KSA) ?????? ?????? (Arabic) ????? (Lebanon) ??? (Egypt) ?????? (India) ?????(India) ?????? (India) ?????? (India) ?? (Korea) ??? (China) ??? (Taiwan) ?? (Japan) ??? (Hong Kong) Top Stories World U.S. Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Spotlight Most Popular › All news Headlines Images YouTube News Google Fast Flip Updated 7 minutes ago Top Stories Reuters Temperature warning as Copenhagen climate deal emerges BBC News - ?32 minutes ago? A deal appears to be in sight for the final day of the UN climate change talks but there are fears it may not prevent a 3C (5.4F) temperature rise. US, China concessions give climate talks big boost Los Angeles Times US aid offer boosts deal at UN climate talks The Associated Press Aljazeera.net - Reuters - Wall Street Journal - New York Times - Wikipedia: United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009 all 5,207 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk GOP senators to block defense bill in bid to delay health-care vote Washington Post - Paul Kane, Lori Montgomery - ?2 hours ago? Senate Republicans said Thursday that they would try to filibuster a massive Pentagon bill that funds the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, an unusual move that several acknowledged was an effort to delay President Obama\u0027s ... Video: Lieberman-Franken Exchange C-SPAN Video:  Lieberman-Franken Exchange C-SPAN A Race to Win One More Vote for Health Bill New York Times Reuters - The Associated Press - MiamiHerald.com - KECI-TV all 6,049 news articles » Email this story BBC News Travel ban for Pakistani minister in corruption inquiry BBC News - ?3 hours ago? Pakistani Defence Minister Ahmed Mukhtar has said that immigration officials stopped him from boarding a plane for an official visit to China. Video: Calls for Pakistan president to quit - 17 Dec 09 Al Jazeera Video:  Calls for Pakistan president to quit - 17 Dec 09 Al Jazeera Pakistan\u0027s Defense Minister Barred From Leaving Country Voice of America guardian.co.uk - AFP - CNN International - Telegraph.co.uk all 1,200 news articles » Email this story Breaking News US imposes fewer death penalties as DNA evidence see more people cleared guardian.co.uk - ?15 minutes ago? TEXT-Bank of Japan statement on monetary policy Reuters - ?22 minutes ago? - all 178 articles » Palm Smartphone Sales Slip as It Struggles to Turn Around New York Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 203 articles » Fox banks on James Cameron\u0027s $380 million \u0027Avatar\u0027 Washington Post - ?37 minutes ago? - all 1,522 articles » 14-0: Colts stay unbeaten with 35-31 win over Jags The Associated Press - ?27 minutes ago? - all 898 articles » Flu pandemic may change US flu approach forever Reuters - ?6 hours ago? - all 3,591 articles » Christmas turducken: A whole lot of a good thing Los Angeles Times - ?Dec 15, 2009? US and Russia Seek Ambitious Cuts in Nuclear Arsenals New York Times - ?5 hours ago? - all 1,038 articles » In The News Tiger Woods Bruce Allen Bryan Singer Ben Bernanke Vinny Cerrato James Cameron Brian Moynihan Elin Nordegren Salvation Army Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more »Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularReuters Temperature warning as Copenhagen climate deal emerges BBC News - ?32 minutes ago? A deal appears to be in sight for the final day of the UN climate change talks but there are fears it may not prevent a 3C (5.4F) temperature rise. US, China concessions give climate talks big boost Los Angeles Times US aid offer boosts deal at UN climate talks The Associated Press Aljazeera.net - Reuters - Wall Street Journal - New York Times - Wikipedia: United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009 all 5,207 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk GOP senators to block defense bill in bid to delay health-care vote Washington Post - Paul Kane, Lori Montgomery - ?2 hours ago? Senate Republicans said Thursday that they would try to filibuster a massive Pentagon bill that funds the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, an unusual move that several acknowledged was an effort to delay President Obama\u0027s ... Video: Lieberman-Franken Exchange C-SPAN Video:  Lieberman-Franken Exchange C-SPAN A Race to Win One More Vote for Health Bill New York Times Reuters - The Associated Press - MiamiHerald.com - KECI-TV all 6,049 news articles » Email this story BBC News Travel ban for Pakistani minister in corruption inquiry BBC News - ?3 hours ago? Pakistani Defence Minister Ahmed Mukhtar has said that immigration officials stopped him from boarding a plane for an official visit to China. Video: Calls for Pakistan president to quit - 17 Dec 09 Al Jazeera Video:  Calls for Pakistan president to quit - 17 Dec 09 Al Jazeera Pakistan\u0027s Defense Minister Barred From Leaving Country Voice of America guardian.co.uk - AFP - CNN International - Telegraph.co.uk all 1,200 news articles » Email this story Breaking News US imposes fewer death penalties as DNA evidence see more people cleared guardian.co.uk - ?15 minutes ago? TEXT-Bank of Japan statement on monetary policy Reuters - ?22 minutes ago? - all 178 articles » Palm Smartphone Sales Slip as It Struggles to Turn Around New York Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 203 articles » Fox banks on James Cameron\u0027s $380 million \u0027Avatar\u0027 Washington Post - ?37 minutes ago? - all 1,522 articles » 14-0: Colts stay unbeaten with 35-31 win over Jags The Associated Press - ?27 minutes ago? - all 898 articles » Flu pandemic may change US flu approach forever Reuters - ?6 hours ago? - all 3,591 articles » Christmas turducken: A whole lot of a good thing Los Angeles Times - ?Dec 15, 2009? US and Russia Seek Ambitious Cuts in Nuclear Arsenals New York Times - ?5 hours ago? - all 1,038 articles » In The News Tiger Woods Bruce Allen Bryan Singer Ben Bernanke Vinny Cerrato James Cameron Brian Moynihan Elin Nordegren Salvation Army Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more » -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2009,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":7,"second":3},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
