{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTop StoriesAnalysis: Elections not a referendum on ObamaClashes reported at Iranian rallyFive British soldiers shot dead by rogue Afghanistan policemanClinton says Israeli settlements not legitimateOpposition supporters clash with police in IranFed Likely to Signal Economy Improving, Keep Interest Rates LowAcadia Gets Cloud-computing Venture Rolling in AsiaSteve Martin and Alec Baldwin: a couple of savvy insidersToyota pulling out of Formula One to cut costsA long day and long lines at Glendale swine flu clinicOne Hundred Things Restaurant Staffers Should Never Do (Part 1)Davis challenges Cameron with call for referendum on relationship with EUKarzai poll victory \u0027is illegal\u0027US delegation holds talks with Myanmar\u0027s Suu KyiExit Poll: NJ Independents Gave Christie BoostMaine voters latest to turn down gay marriageSouthland voters give mixed verdicts on tax measuresFed Likely to Signal Economy Improving, Keep Interest Rates LowBuffett\u0027s Lower Burlington Breakup Fee Shows Confidence in DealGM Throws Opel Deal Into ReverseAcadia Gets Cloud-computing Venture Rolling in AsiaMSN Offers Public Sneak Peek at New LookAT\u0026T Sues Verizon Over \u0027There\u0027s a Map for That\u0027 AdsSteve Martin and Alec Baldwin: a couple of savvy insidersRihanna: Brown\u0027s assault, aftermath \u0027humiliating\u0027Dancing with the Stars: Oh, Aaron!Toyota pulling out of Formula One to cut costsFox scores big with Yankees in World SeriesCeltics keep the beat goingA long day and long lines at Glendale swine flu clinicUS 30th in Global Infant MortalityHealth Care Debate Focuses on Legal ImmigrantsOne Hundred Things Restaurant Staffers Should Never Do (Part 1)America\u0027s Natural Gas RevolutionQuandary With Mammograms: Get a Screening, or Just Skip It?Jon Stewart Takes On War Between Obama White House \u0026 Fox News (VIDEO)Home Flu Cures: Bad Medicine?","h2":"Updated 6 minutes ago Top StoriesAnalysis: Elections not a referendum on ObamaClashes reported at Iranian rallyFive British soldiers shot dead by rogue Afghanistan policemanBreaking NewsIn The NewsRecommended for you »edit close edit World »Davis challenges Cameron with call for referendum on relationship with EUKarzai poll victory \u0027is illegal\u0027US delegation holds talks with Myanmar\u0027s Suu KyiLocal News »edit close edit U.S. »Exit Poll: NJ Independents Gave Christie BoostMaine voters latest to turn down gay marriageSouthland voters give mixed verdicts on tax measuresedit close edit Business »Fed Likely to Signal Economy Improving, Keep Interest Rates LowBuffett\u0027s Lower Burlington Breakup Fee Shows Confidence in DealGM Throws Opel Deal Into Reverseedit close edit Sci/Tech »Acadia Gets Cloud-computing Venture Rolling in AsiaMSN Offers Public Sneak Peek at New LookAT\u0026T Sues Verizon Over \u0027There\u0027s a Map for That\u0027 Adsedit close edit Entertainment »Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin: a couple of savvy insidersRihanna: Brown\u0027s assault, aftermath \u0027humiliating\u0027Dancing with the Stars: Oh, Aaron!edit close edit Sports »Toyota pulling out of Formula One to cut costsFox scores big with Yankees in World SeriesCeltics keep the beat goingedit close edit Health »A long day and long lines at Glendale swine flu clinicUS 30th in Global Infant MortalityHealth Care Debate Focuses on Legal Immigrantsedit close edit Spotlight »One Hundred Things Restaurant Staffers Should Never Do (Part 1)America\u0027s Natural Gas RevolutionQuandary With Mammograms: Get a Screening, or Just Skip It?Jon Stewart Takes On War Between Obama White House \u0026 Fox News (VIDEO)Home Flu Cures: Bad Medicine?","h3":"",".snippet":"Washington (CNN) -- Victories in New Jersey and Virginia Tuesday provided a major shot in the arm for the Republican Party heading into the 2010 elections, but the Democratic losses of these two governorships ...Police have clashed with opposition supporters during a rally in the Iranian capital, Tehran, reports say. Police used tear gas as demonstrators chanted \"death to dictators\", the reports quoted witnesses as saying.Five soldiers have been shot dead by a \"rogue\" Afghan policeman in an attack at a police checkpoint. By Thomas Harding, Defence Correspondent, and Andy Bloxham Three Grenadier Guards and two Royal Military Police were attacked as they rested inside a ...David Cameron today faced a challenge to his authority when the former shadow home secretary David Davis urged him commit himself to holding a referendum on Britain\u0027s relationship with the EU within three months of taking office.Dr Abdullah was speaking publicly for the first time since Mr Karzai was declared the victor on Monday. He told reporters in Kabul that Mr Karzai\u0027s government would lack the legitimacy needed to deal with problems like corruption and terrorism.YANGON (Reuters) - A top US official held rare talks with Myanmar\u0027s detained opposition leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, on Wednesday as part of Washington\u0027s highest-level visit to the isolated army-ruled country in 14 years.New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine, left, faced off against Chris Christie, right, in the race for governor. (AP Photos) A few key groups contributed to Republican Chris Christie\u0027s win in New Jersey on Tuesday.PORTLAND, Maine (Reuters) - Voters in Maine on Tuesday overturned a law allowing same-sex couples to wed, dealing a fresh setback to the US gay marriage movement in a race that attracted national attention.Some Santa Clarita Valley communities reject the idea of a new city. In the Bay Area, Garamendi easily wins a congressional seat. By Jean Merl Voters in four Southern California counties on Tuesday chose among scores of candidates for local offices and ...Nov. 4 (Bloomberg) -- Federal Reserve officials may today indicate their $1 trillion injection into the economy is helping to revive growth without requiring an increase in interest rates from near zero, ...Nov. 4 (Bloomberg) -- Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the holding company that agreed to buy Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp., accepted a lower-than-usual breakup fee in a sign Warren Buffett expects to complete his ...In a dramatic change of course, General Motors Co. backed out of a deal to sell the company\u0027s European operations to car-parts supplier Magna International Inc., and now plans to spend billions to restructure the money-losing business itself.Cisco Systems, EMC and vmware hope to soon sign the first Asian customers for their cloud-computing partnership and Acadia joint venture.Microsoft is revamping its MSN portal to give it a modern look and new social networking tools. Microsoft is set to give its MSN portal a major upgrade, freshening up the popular destination with a new look and with social networking hooks such as ...AT\u0026T has taken offense at the recent Verizon \u0027There\u0027s a Map for That\u0027 ad campaign and has filed a lawsuit against Verizon.The duo promise an evening of urbane wit, spot-on silliness and perhaps some banjo playin\u0027. Alec Baldwin, left, and Steve Martin appeared together in the 2006 \"Saturday Night Live\" sketch, \"The Platinum Lounge.LOS ANGELES (AP) - Rihanna says dealing with the media attention after being assaulted in February by ex-boyfriend Chris Brown was humiliating.Yesterday, I wrote: Wouldn\u0027t it be a riot if Aaron Carter got a 29 and then got eliminated? It can happen you know. Well what do we have here on Dancing with the Stars.TOKYO - Toyota is pulling out of Formula One racing, the world\u0027s largest automaker announcing Wednesday that it needs to cut costs and focus on its core business.What difference does it make having the New York Yankees in the World Series? Plenty, as Fox was able to attest Tuesday with the release of last week\u0027s prime-time television ratings.By Frank Dell\u0027Apa Another dominant defensive display led to another rout, this time the Celtics taking a 105-74 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers.About 2500 waited for vaccinations, with some having lined up in the early morning hours. The crowds at county clinics are common as the insured have been unable to get shots from private doctors.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States ranks 30th in terms of infant mortality, an important measure of the quality of healthcare, according to a report released on Tuesday.The debate over health care for illegal immigrants continues to percolate in Congress despite the Obama administration\u0027s efforts to put it to rest, with lawmakers in both houses also wrangling over how much coverage to provide for ...Herewith is a modest list of dos and don\u0027ts for servers at the seafood restaurant I am building. Veteran waiters, moonlighting actresses, libertarians and baristas will no doubt protest some or most of what follows.The biggest energy innovation of the decade is natural gas—more specifically what is called \"unconventional\" natural gas.Here we go again. Another study raises questions about the benefits of mammograms, and another set of confusing statements issue forth from experts.Jon Stewart devoted half his show last night to the Fox News/Obama \"war\" sparked either by White House Communication Director Anita Dunn or the cable network\u0027s constant attacks on the president, depending on how you see it.With concerns over the H1N1 flu rising and supplies of vaccine running scarce, it\u0027s no surprise that alternative remedies are circulating on the Web.","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 4 2008 2009 2010 20,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 4 2008 2009 2010OCT NOV DEC42008 2009 201020,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news search PreferencesArgentina Australia België Belgique Botswana Brasil Canada English Canada Français ?eská republika Chile Colombia Cuba Deutschland España Estados Unidos Ethiopia France Ghana India Ireland Israel English Italia Kenya Magyarország Malaysia México Namibia Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Schweiz Sénégal Singapore South Africa Suisse Sverige Tanzania Türkiye U.K. U.S. Uganda Venezuela Vi?t Nam (Vietnam) Zimbabwe ?????? (Greece) ?????? (Russia) ??????? / ??????? (Ukraine) ??????? / ?????????? (Ukraine) ????? (Israel) ???????? (UAE) ???????? (KSA) ?????? ?????? (Arabic) ????? (Lebanon) ??? (Egypt) ?????? (India) ?????(India) ?????? (India) ?????? (India) ?? (Korea) ??? (China) ??? (Taiwan) ?? (Japan) ??? (Hong Kong) Top Stories World U.S. Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Spotlight Most Popular › All news Headlines Images YouTube News Updated 6 minutes ago Top Stories Washington Post Analysis: Elections not a referendum on Obama CNN - Mark Preston - ?36 minutes ago? Washington (CNN) -- Victories in New Jersey and Virginia Tuesday provided a major shot in the arm for the Republican Party heading into the 2010 elections, but the Democratic losses of these two governorships ... Video: GOP Takes Governor\u0027s Race in Virginia The Associated Press Video:  GOP Takes Governor\u0027s Race in Virginia The Associated Press GOP victories send message to Democrats Los Angeles Times The Associated Press - Bloomberg - Houston Chronicle - Philadelphia Inquirer all 2,845 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk Clashes reported at Iranian rally BBC News - ?1 hour ago? Police have clashed with opposition supporters during a rally in the Iranian capital, Tehran, reports say. Police used tear gas as demonstrators chanted \"death to dictators\", the reports quoted witnesses as saying. Huge anti-US rally in Tehran AFP Iran marks US embassy capture Aljazeera.net The Associated Press - Xinhua - Bloomberg - CBS News all 908 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk Five British soldiers shot dead by rogue Afghanistan policeman Telegraph.co.uk - Thomas Harding, Andy Bloxham - ?55 minutes ago? Five soldiers have been shot dead by a \"rogue\" Afghan policeman in an attack at a police checkpoint. By Thomas Harding, Defence Correspondent, and Andy Bloxham Three Grenadier Guards and two Royal Military Police were attacked as they rested inside a ... 5 British soldiers shot dead in Afghanistan CNN International 5 British soldiers killed in south Afghanistan The Associated Press New York Times - Bloomberg - AFP - BBC News all 463 news articles » Email this story Breaking News Clinton says Israeli settlements not legitimate Reuters - ?12 minutes ago? Opposition supporters clash with police in Iran msnbc.com - ?14 minutes ago? Fed Likely to Signal Economy Improving, Keep Interest Rates Low Bloomberg - ?4 hours ago? - all 1,013 articles » Acadia Gets Cloud-computing Venture Rolling in Asia PC World - ?1 hour ago? - all 201 articles » Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin: a couple of savvy insiders Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 606 articles » Toyota pulling out of Formula One to cut costs The Associated Press - ?33 minutes ago? - all 473 articles » A long day and long lines at Glendale swine flu clinic Los Angeles Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 2,530 articles » One Hundred Things Restaurant Staffers Should Never Do (Part 1) New York Times - ?Oct 29, 2009? In The News Burlington Northern Berkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett Bob McDonnell Barack Obama Alec Baldwin Chris Christie Nicolas Cage Chris Brown Jon CorzineTop StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularWashington Post Analysis: Elections not a referendum on Obama CNN - Mark Preston - ?36 minutes ago? Washington (CNN) -- Victories in New Jersey and Virginia Tuesday provided a major shot in the arm for the Republican Party heading into the 2010 elections, but the Democratic losses of these two governorships ... Video: GOP Takes Governor\u0027s Race in Virginia The Associated Press Video:  GOP Takes Governor\u0027s Race in Virginia The Associated Press GOP victories send message to Democrats Los Angeles Times The Associated Press - Bloomberg - Houston Chronicle - Philadelphia Inquirer all 2,845 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk Clashes reported at Iranian rally BBC News - ?1 hour ago? Police have clashed with opposition supporters during a rally in the Iranian capital, Tehran, reports say. Police used tear gas as demonstrators chanted \"death to dictators\", the reports quoted witnesses as saying. Huge anti-US rally in Tehran AFP Iran marks US embassy capture Aljazeera.net The Associated Press - Xinhua - Bloomberg - CBS News all 908 news articles » Email this story Telegraph.co.uk Five British soldiers shot dead by rogue Afghanistan policeman Telegraph.co.uk - Thomas Harding, Andy Bloxham - ?55 minutes ago? Five soldiers have been shot dead by a \"rogue\" Afghan policeman in an attack at a police checkpoint. By Thomas Harding, Defence Correspondent, and Andy Bloxham Three Grenadier Guards and two Royal Military Police were attacked as they rested inside a ... 5 British soldiers shot dead in Afghanistan CNN International 5 British soldiers killed in south Afghanistan The Associated Press New York Times - Bloomberg - AFP - BBC News all 463 news articles » Email this story Breaking News Clinton says Israeli settlements not legitimate Reuters - ?12 minutes ago? Opposition supporters clash with police in Iran msnbc.com - ?14 minutes ago? Fed Likely to Signal Economy Improving, Keep Interest Rates Low Bloomberg - ?4 hours ago? - all 1,013 articles » Acadia Gets Cloud-computing Venture Rolling in Asia PC World - ?1 hour ago? - all 201 articles » Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin: a couple of savvy insiders Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 606 articles » Toyota pulling out of Formula One to cut costs The Associated Press - ?33 minutes ago? - all 473 articles » A long day and long lines at Glendale swine flu clinic Los Angeles Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 2,530 articles » One Hundred Things Restaurant Staffers Should Never Do (Part 1) New York Times - ?Oct 29, 2009? In The News Burlington Northern Berkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett Bob McDonnell Barack Obama Alec Baldwin Chris Christie Nicolas Cage Chris Brown Jon Corzine -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2009,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":4,"second":8},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
