{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTop StoriesWoman Topples Pope at Mass, but He Isn\u0027t HurtFor Reid, a Hard Climb to the PinnacleObama family arrives in Hawaii30-year fixed mortgage rate rises above 5%NORAD helps children track Santa via iPhone, iPod touchFamily Filmgoer: Ritchie gets it right with \u0027Holmes\u0027 reduxSMU 45, Nevada 10Swine flu remains widespread in California but is abatingChilly Climate for Oil RefinersJapan PM under fire over budget scandalLA man charged in ex-girlfriend\u0027s fatal stabbingYemen Says It Attacked a Meeting of Al QaedaJapan PM under fire over budget scandalWorld pray for peace on Christmas Eve in BethlehemWinter Storm Disrupts Holiday TravelLA man charged in ex-girlfriend\u0027s fatal stabbingRobert Howard, 70, Decorated Serviceman, Dies30-year fixed mortgage rate rises above 5%Shoppers scramble to finish their listsUBS Request on Aiful Ruling May Be Decided Next WeekNORAD helps children track Santa via iPhone, iPod touchApple stock soars to all-time highTwitter Buys Mixer Labs to Enhance GeolocationFamily Filmgoer: Ritchie gets it right with \u0027Holmes\u0027 reduxIt\u0027s Complicated (2009) A September-September RomanceBrittany Murphy Is Laid to RestSMU 45, Nevada 10George Michael: The man who was must-see TVWizards: Arenas had firearms in lockerSwine flu remains widespread in California but is abatingUS FDA: unlikely Merck\u0027s Vytorin ups cancer riskNH, Maine Test Transparency With Health Cost ToolsChilly Climate for Oil RefinersIntriguing people for December 22, 2009Toyota found to keep tight lid on potential safety problemsThe Science of Managing Search AdsGreat Plains braces for treacherous Christmas Eve","h2":"Updated 9 minutes ago Top StoriesWoman Topples Pope at Mass, but He Isn\u0027t HurtFor Reid, a Hard Climb to the PinnacleObama family arrives in HawaiiBreaking NewsIn The NewsLiving Stories: a way to follow developing stories New!Recommended for you »edit close edit World »Yemen Says It Attacked a Meeting of Al QaedaJapan PM under fire over budget scandalWorld pray for peace on Christmas Eve in BethlehemLocal News »edit close edit U.S. »Winter Storm Disrupts Holiday TravelLA man charged in ex-girlfriend\u0027s fatal stabbingRobert Howard, 70, Decorated Serviceman, Diesedit close edit Business »30-year fixed mortgage rate rises above 5%Shoppers scramble to finish their listsUBS Request on Aiful Ruling May Be Decided Next Weekedit close edit Sci/Tech »NORAD helps children track Santa via iPhone, iPod touchApple stock soars to all-time highTwitter Buys Mixer Labs to Enhance Geolocationedit close edit Entertainment »Family Filmgoer: Ritchie gets it right with \u0027Holmes\u0027 reduxIt\u0027s Complicated (2009) A September-September RomanceBrittany Murphy Is Laid to Restedit close edit Sports »SMU 45, Nevada 10George Michael: The man who was must-see TVWizards: Arenas had firearms in lockeredit close edit Health »Swine flu remains widespread in California but is abatingUS FDA: unlikely Merck\u0027s Vytorin ups cancer riskNH, Maine Test Transparency With Health Cost Toolsedit close edit Spotlight »Chilly Climate for Oil RefinersIntriguing people for December 22, 2009Toyota found to keep tight lid on potential safety problemsThe Science of Managing Search AdsGreat Plains braces for treacherous Christmas Eve","h3":"",".snippet":"ROME - An “unbalanced woman” jumped the barriers in St. Peter\u0027s Basilica and knocked down Pope Benedict XVI as he walked down the main aisle to begin Christmas Eve Mass, a Vatican spokesman said Thursday.WASHINGTON - It was the pinnacle moment of his political career. The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, on the verge of making history by shepherding through far-reaching health care legislation, was called upon by ...HONOLULU -- President Obama stepped off Air Force One into 80-degree weather in Hawaii on Thursday afternoon, leaving behind snow banks and that morning\u0027s Senate health care vote in favor of clear skies and a wide-open, ...Yemeni fighter jets, acting on intelligence provided in part by the United States, struck what the Yemeni government said was a meeting of operatives from Al Qaeda early Thursday morning, and officials suggested that a ...TOKYO (Reuters) - Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama came under fire over a funding scandal on Christmas Day, with Japanese media speculating that he might have to step down if voters found his explanations unconvincing and his leadership disappointing.BETHLEHEM, Dec. 25 (Xinhua) -- People from all over the world gathered in the holy city of Bethlehem in the West Bank on Christmas Eve Thursday, praying for peace on the special occasion.By ANAHAD O\u0027CONNOR A snow-white Christmas was in store for a large area of the country on Thursday night as a severe winter storm barreled across the Midwest and Great Plains, unleashing fierce winds, heavy snow and icy conditions that disrupted travel ...AP LOS ANGELES—A 30-year-old East Los Angeles man has been charged with murder in the stabbing death of his ex-girlfriend, whose body was found in the back seat of her parked car.Col. Robert L. Howard, one of the Vietnam War\u0027s most highly decorated servicemen, who was awarded the Medal of Honor for rescuing fellow Green Berets while wounded and under enemy fire, died Wednesday at a hospice in Waco, Tex.The average interest rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage this week rose above 5% for the first time since Halloween. The average 30-year rate was 5.05%, up from 4.94% last week, mortgage finance giant Freddie Mac said Thursday.While Santa was harnessing his reindeer at the North Pole on Christmas Eve, some people were still making their gift lists and checking them twice.Dec. 25 (Bloomberg) -- UBS AG\u0027s request for a ruling on credit contracts linked to Aiful Corp. was accepted by an international group governing swaps and derivatives, paving the way for debt holders of the Japanese ...By AppleInsider Staff With the help of NORAD, children can once again track Santa\u0027s current location via the Maps application on an Apple iPhone or iPod touch all day Thursday for Christmas Eve.Santa arrived early for Apple Inc. shareholders: The stock surged $6.94, or 3.4%, on Thursday to close at a record high of $209.04.San Francisco - Twitter has enhanced geolocation services provided on its messaging service by buying Mixer Labs, the company said on Wednesday.Two frogs head to the Louisiana bayou in search of a voodoo priestess to change them into humans in \"The Princess and the Frog.In the pleasurable, daffy if at times daft “It\u0027s Complicated,” Meryl Streep plays Jane Adler, a successful restaurateur who\u0027s about to nest happily alone in an upscale Southern California coastal community, or so it seems.A private funeral was held on Christmas Eve for actress Brittany Murphy, who died suddenly Dec. 20 at the age of 32. A small group of close friends and family members - including her mother, Sharon, and husband, British screenwriter Simon Monjack ...Did you attend this game? If so, start chronicling your sports memories today with ESPN\u0027s Sports Passport. Enter the games you attend, upload your photos and share your memories!George Michael, dean of Washington sportscasters, has died at the age of 70 after a long battle with cancer. By Michael Wilbon Through word of mouth in the community of people that revolved around and adored George Michael, I\u0027d come to know that he was ...Washington Wizards guard Gilbert Arenas stored unloaded firearms in a container in his locker, according to the team, and the NBA is looking into the situation.Many believe a third wave is likely. State public health department urges all residents to get the H1N1 vaccine. By Thomas H. Maugh II California is one of only seven states where H1N1 influenza is still widespread, but a variety of indicators suggest ...WASHINGTON, Dec 22 (Reuters) - Merck \u0026 Co\u0027s (MRK.N) blockbuster cholesterol drug Vytorin is unlikely to raise the risk of cancer but a link cannot be ruled out, US health officials said on Tuesday.AP When Laura Davie\u0027s doctor suggested she go to the hospital next door for her first mammogram last year, she went online instead.Julia Robertson/AP This month, Valero Energy, the nation\u0027s largest refiner, shut down its plant in Delaware City, Del., which could process 210000 barrels of oil a day.Former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is expected to announce that he will be ending his political career. Editor\u0027s note: Every weekday, CNN focuses on a handful of people in the news.A Times investigation shows the world\u0027s largest automaker has delayed recalls and attempted to blame human error in cases where owners claimed vehicle defects.Ed Han, the chief executive of Tiny Prints, with Anna Fieler, the vice president for marketing. The greeting card company has a team that analyzes and adjusts its search ads on Google.As the storm moves in, snow covers the ground Wednesday night at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. (CNN) -- A large swath of the nation\u0027s midsection -- from the northern Plains all the way down to north Texas -- was under a winter storm ...","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"NOV DEC JAN 25 2008 2009 2010 20,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpNOV DEC JAN 25 2008 2009 2010NOV DEC JAN252008 2009 201020,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news search PreferencesArgentina Australia België Belgique Botswana Brasil Canada English Canada Français ?eská republika Chile Colombia Cuba Deutschland España Estados Unidos Ethiopia France Ghana India Ireland Israel English Italia Kenya Magyarország Malaysia México Namibia Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Schweiz Sénégal Singapore South Africa Suisse Sverige Tanzania Türkiye U.K. U.S. Uganda Venezuela Vi?t Nam (Vietnam) Zimbabwe ?????? (Greece) ?????? (Russia) ??????? / ??????? (Ukraine) ??????? / ?????????? (Ukraine) ????? (Israel) ???????? (UAE) ???????? (KSA) ?????? ?????? (Arabic) ????? (Lebanon) ??? (Egypt) ?????? (India) ?????(India) ?????? (India) ?????? (India) ?? (Korea) ??? (China) ??? (Taiwan) ?? (Japan) ??? (Hong Kong) Top Stories World U.S. Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Spotlight Most Popular › All news Headlines Images YouTube News Google Fast Flip Updated 9 minutes ago Top Stories Times Online Woman Topples Pope at Mass, but He Isn\u0027t Hurt New York Times - Rachel Donadio - ?1 hour ago? ROME - An “unbalanced woman” jumped the barriers in St. Peter\u0027s Basilica and knocked down Pope Benedict XVI as he walked down the main aisle to begin Christmas Eve Mass, a Vatican spokesman said Thursday. Video: Pope Attacked at Vatican CBS Video:  Pope Attacked at Vatican CBS Pope knocked over at Christmas mass Aljazeera.net Seattle Times - Hindustan Times - CNN - Channel News Asia all 1,232 news articles » Email this story Washington Post For Reid, a Hard Climb to the Pinnacle New York Times - David M. Herszenhorn - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON - It was the pinnacle moment of his political career. The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, on the verge of making history by shepherding through far-reaching health care legislation, was called upon by ... Video: Senate Passes Health Reform CBS Video:  Senate Passes Health Reform CBS A big step on health care Washington Post Seattle Times - Austin American-Statesman - Los Angeles Times - FOXNews all 11,183 news articles » Email this story Kansas City Star Obama family arrives in Hawaii Washington Post - Anne E. Kornblut - ?2 hours ago? HONOLULU -- President Obama stepped off Air Force One into 80-degree weather in Hawaii on Thursday afternoon, leaving behind snow banks and that morning\u0027s Senate health care vote in favor of clear skies and a wide-open, ... Video: Raw Video: Obamas Arrive in Hawaii for Vacation The Associated Press Video:  Raw Video: Obamas Arrive in Hawaii for Vacation The Associated Press Obamas Arrive In Hawaii For Vacation NPR Sydney Morning Herald - WLOS - Honolulu Advertiser - Honolulu Star-Bulletin all 1,258 news articles » Email this story Breaking News 30-year fixed mortgage rate rises above 5% Los Angeles Times - ?29 minutes ago? - all 1,019 articles » NORAD helps children track Santa via iPhone, iPod touch Apple Insider - ?9 hours ago? - all 906 articles » Family Filmgoer: Ritchie gets it right with \u0027Holmes\u0027 redux Washington Post - ?2 hours ago? - all 1,029 articles » SMU 45, Nevada 10 ESPN - ?41 minutes ago? - all 349 articles » Swine flu remains widespread in California but is abating Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 2,564 articles » Chilly Climate for Oil Refiners New York Times - ?Dec 23, 2009? Japan PM under fire over budget scandal Reuters - ?2 hours ago? - all 529 articles » LA man charged in ex-girlfriend\u0027s fatal stabbing San Jose Mercury News - ?3 hours ago? - all 156 articles » In The News Fannie Mae Mixer Labs Freddie Mac Santa Claus Forest Lawn Santa Tracker George Michael Manny Pacquiao Salvation Army Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more »Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTimes Online Woman Topples Pope at Mass, but He Isn\u0027t Hurt New York Times - Rachel Donadio - ?1 hour ago? ROME - An “unbalanced woman” jumped the barriers in St. Peter\u0027s Basilica and knocked down Pope Benedict XVI as he walked down the main aisle to begin Christmas Eve Mass, a Vatican spokesman said Thursday. Video: Pope Attacked at Vatican CBS Video:  Pope Attacked at Vatican CBS Pope knocked over at Christmas mass Aljazeera.net Seattle Times - Hindustan Times - CNN - Channel News Asia all 1,232 news articles » Email this story Washington Post For Reid, a Hard Climb to the Pinnacle New York Times - David M. Herszenhorn - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON - It was the pinnacle moment of his political career. The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, on the verge of making history by shepherding through far-reaching health care legislation, was called upon by ... Video: Senate Passes Health Reform CBS Video:  Senate Passes Health Reform CBS A big step on health care Washington Post Seattle Times - Austin American-Statesman - Los Angeles Times - FOXNews all 11,183 news articles » Email this story Kansas City Star Obama family arrives in Hawaii Washington Post - Anne E. Kornblut - ?2 hours ago? HONOLULU -- President Obama stepped off Air Force One into 80-degree weather in Hawaii on Thursday afternoon, leaving behind snow banks and that morning\u0027s Senate health care vote in favor of clear skies and a wide-open, ... Video: Raw Video: Obamas Arrive in Hawaii for Vacation The Associated Press Video:  Raw Video: Obamas Arrive in Hawaii for Vacation The Associated Press Obamas Arrive In Hawaii For Vacation NPR Sydney Morning Herald - WLOS - Honolulu Advertiser - Honolulu Star-Bulletin all 1,258 news articles » Email this story Breaking News 30-year fixed mortgage rate rises above 5% Los Angeles Times - ?29 minutes ago? - all 1,019 articles » NORAD helps children track Santa via iPhone, iPod touch Apple Insider - ?9 hours ago? - all 906 articles » Family Filmgoer: Ritchie gets it right with \u0027Holmes\u0027 redux Washington Post - ?2 hours ago? - all 1,029 articles » SMU 45, Nevada 10 ESPN - ?41 minutes ago? - all 349 articles » Swine flu remains widespread in California but is abating Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 2,564 articles » Chilly Climate for Oil Refiners New York Times - ?Dec 23, 2009? Japan PM under fire over budget scandal Reuters - ?2 hours ago? - all 529 articles » LA man charged in ex-girlfriend\u0027s fatal stabbing San Jose Mercury News - ?3 hours ago? - all 156 articles » In The News Fannie Mae Mixer Labs Freddie Mac Santa Claus Forest Lawn Santa Tracker George Michael Manny Pacquiao Salvation Army Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more » -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2009,"month":11,"dayOfMonth":25,"hourOfDay":5,"minute":14,"second":45},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
