{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTop StoriesThe Oprah effect: Winners and losersIs the new EU President a good choice?Democrats risk taxing the wealthy for healthcare\u0027Maoist attack\u0027 on railway derails India trainCulture Clash in MedicineUN marks 20 years of Convention on Rights of the ChildForeclosures will keep rising through 2010, report saysGoogle Offers Peek at Operating System, a Potential Challenge to WindowsBad \u0027Moon\u0027 risingWilliams leads Dolphins over Panthers 24-17California flu-related deaths, hospitalizations slowingClinton Emerges as Key Link to Afghan LeaderUN marks 20 years of Convention on Rights of the ChildUS Talks Tougher on Dealing With IranShooting spurs Pentagon review of personnel proceduresStimulus-Jobs Tally in DoubtGiuliani Eyes Senate RunForeclosures will keep rising through 2010, report saysFAA Computer Problem Snarls FlightsDell Stock Gains May SlackenGoogle Offers Peek at Operating System, a Potential Challenge to WindowsModern Warfare 2 writer: \"the airport level was a risk we had to take\"Ballmer Touts Windows 7 SalesBad \u0027Moon\u0027 rising\u0027The Blind Side\u0027Project Runway: Everybody Cries, One Designer WinsWilliams leads Dolphins over Panthers 24-17OSU holds on for gritty victory, but did it hurt BCS hopes?Nash, Huselius lead Blue Jackets past StarsFisher: No mammograms? Then what?California flu-related deaths, hospitalizations slowingMedicare Tax on High Earners And Other Levies Stir DebateJohn Colapinto: Undercover with a Michelin inspector.Luxury Stores Trim Inventory and Discounts\u0027It\u0027s Always Sunny in Philadelphia\u0027: The cast tells their storySarah Palin\u0027s publishing and political worlds in collisionUC expected to raise student fees 32%","h2":"Updated 8 minutes ago Top StoriesThe Oprah effect: Winners and losersIs the new EU President a good choice?Democrats risk taxing the wealthy for healthcareBreaking NewsIn The NewsRecommended for you »edit close edit World »Clinton Emerges as Key Link to Afghan LeaderUN marks 20 years of Convention on Rights of the ChildUS Talks Tougher on Dealing With IranLocal News »edit close edit U.S. »Shooting spurs Pentagon review of personnel proceduresStimulus-Jobs Tally in DoubtGiuliani Eyes Senate Runedit close edit Business »Foreclosures will keep rising through 2010, report saysFAA Computer Problem Snarls FlightsDell Stock Gains May Slackenedit close edit Sci/Tech »Google Offers Peek at Operating System, a Potential Challenge to WindowsModern Warfare 2 writer: \"the airport level was a risk we had to take\"Ballmer Touts Windows 7 Salesedit close edit Entertainment »Bad \u0027Moon\u0027 rising\u0027The Blind Side\u0027Project Runway: Everybody Cries, One Designer Winsedit close edit Sports »Williams leads Dolphins over Panthers 24-17OSU holds on for gritty victory, but did it hurt BCS hopes?Nash, Huselius lead Blue Jackets past Starsedit close edit Health »Fisher: No mammograms? Then what?California flu-related deaths, hospitalizations slowingMedicare Tax on High Earners And Other Levies Stir Debateedit close edit Spotlight »John Colapinto: Undercover with a Michelin inspector.Luxury Stores Trim Inventory and Discounts\u0027It\u0027s Always Sunny in Philadelphia\u0027: The cast tells their storySarah Palin\u0027s publishing and political worlds in collisionUC expected to raise student fees 32%","h3":"",".snippet":"Oprah Winfrey\u0027s decision to walk away from her daytime talk show after 25 years when her contract expires in 2011 will have a ripple effect throughout the television industry.EU leaders have chosen the Belgian Prime Minister, Herman van Rompuy, as their new President. Is he the best person for the job? Mr Van Rompuy, 62, backed by France and Germany, has a reputation as a coalition builder, having steered the divided ...The House and Senate bills differ on who\u0027s considered rich enough and how much they should chip in. But both represent a shift that Republicans are bound to jump on.KABUL, Afghanistan - It is far from clear that President Obama can depend on President Hamid Karzai to bring order to this violent country, but it is becoming clear that he will depend on Hillary Rodham Clinton to be his go-between in ...Ceremonies are taking place around the world to mark the 20th anniversary of a landmark agreement protecting children. The UN says the Convention on the Rights of the Child has transformed the way children are treated.WASHINGTON -- The international spokesman for Iran\u0027s main opposition movement called for President Barack Obama to increase his public support for Iranian democrats and significantly intensify financial pressure on Tehran\u0027s elite ...Mourners attended the funeral yesterday of Private First Class Francheska Velez, 21, in Chicago. Velez was three months\u0027 pregnant when she was gunned down Nov. 5 at Fort Hood in Texas.WASHINGTON -- The White House stepped back Thursday from its tally of the number of jobs its economic-stimulus package has created or saved through September in the face of mounting criticism over errors in reports filed by ...Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has been widely rumored to be interested in running for governor, is weighing \"a real possibility\" of seeking a US Senate seat next year, a former Giuliani campaign aide said.Mortgage Bankers Assn. says delinquencies and home repossessions have jumped to a new high. Blaming job losses for most of the pain, it sees a continued surge in foreclosures through 2010.WASHINGTON - Flights over much of the eastern United States were delayed Thursday by a pre-dawn failure in a fairly new communications system, which led to the shutdown of a computer that accepts flight plans from the airlines and ...An eight-month climb in Dell\u0027s stock price may slacken after the computer maker tempered a previously upbeat forecast of business demand for PCs.MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. - Google began lifting the veil on its planned Chrome operating system on Thursday, but it said that computers powered by the software would not be available for a year.We talk to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2\u0027s scriptwriter to find out what he hoped to achieve with the airport mission, how they considered putting aliens in the game, and why the game should be adapted into a movie.Microsoft Corp. has sold twice as many copies of Windows 7 in its first few weeks than any previous version of the operating system, Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer said.“The Twilight Saga: New Moon” is the further adventures of Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart) and Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson), the Romeo and Juliet of the semiliterate vampire romance novels by Stephenie Meyer.Sandra Bullock and newcomer Quinton Aaron have a warm and winning chemistry in director John Lee Hancock\u0027s fact-based story of a football-loving white family\u0027s adoption of a homeless black teen.Nine months after they marched their 13-look collections down the runway at Fall Fashion Week, Althea Harper, Irena Shabayeva and Carol Hannah Whitfield stood quaking before Heidi Klum \u0026 Co.CHARLOTTE, NC - He may be 32, but Ricky Williams is far from done. And even without Ronnie Brown, the once written-off Miami Dolphins are back in the playoff picture.But Oklahoma State persevered for a tight 31-28 victory over Colorado, playing without starting quarterback Zac Robinson and overcoming a struggling first start by backup quarterback Alex Cate.DALLAS - Rick Nash scored on a power play and Kristian Huselius added a short-handed goal in the final seconds of the fight-filled opening period, sending the Columbus Blue Jackets to a 4-1 victory over the Dallas Stars on Thursday night.Oh, how women hate mammograms. How we detest stripping down in front of a perfect stranger in a freezing cold room and holding still while our tender flesh is pinched, squashed and flattened like a pie crust.Health officials warn, however, the swine flu strain is still a major concern, and hundreds of Californians are still being hospitalized.The Senate health-care bill does without a new surtax on the wealthy that House Democrats\u0027 legislation relies on to offset costs of overhauling the system.One afternoon last month, a woman in her early thirties, with shoulder-length blond hair and large brown eyes, arrived at Jean Georges, on the ground floor of the Trump International Hotel, in midtown Manhattan.All around Saks Fifth Avenue, merchandise is sold out. The $2520 Marni shearling vest? Gone. The $5295 Brioni leather bomber jacket?It\u0027s quite fitting that the concept behind It\u0027s Always Sunny in Philadelphia was born out of a nightmare. (After all, we are talking about a sitcom that follows five deranged losers as they attempt to profit off of dumpster babies, ...Editor\u0027s note: Mary Matalin joined CNN as a Republican strategist and political contributor in April 2009 and now appears on a variety of network programs.Regents are expected to approve yet another increase, arguing it\u0027s needed to avoid further course reductions and staff furloughs.","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 20 2008 2009 2010 20,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 20 2008 2009 2010OCT NOV DEC202008 2009 201020,850 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news search PreferencesArgentina Australia België Belgique Botswana Brasil Canada English Canada Français ?eská republika Chile Colombia Cuba Deutschland España Estados Unidos Ethiopia France Ghana India Ireland Israel English Italia Kenya Magyarország Malaysia México Namibia Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Schweiz Sénégal Singapore South Africa Suisse Sverige Tanzania Türkiye U.K. U.S. Uganda Venezuela Vi?t Nam (Vietnam) Zimbabwe ?????? (Greece) ?????? (Russia) ??????? / ??????? (Ukraine) ??????? / ?????????? (Ukraine) ????? (Israel) ???????? (UAE) ???????? (KSA) ?????? ?????? (Arabic) ????? (Lebanon) ??? (Egypt) ?????? (India) ?????(India) ?????? (India) ?????? (India) ?? (Korea) ??? (China) ??? (Taiwan) ?? (Japan) ??? (Hong Kong) Top Stories World U.S. Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Spotlight Most Popular › All news Headlines Images YouTube News Google Fast Flip Updated 8 minutes ago Top Stories New York Times The Oprah effect: Winners and losers Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? Oprah Winfrey\u0027s decision to walk away from her daytime talk show after 25 years when her contract expires in 2011 will have a ripple effect throughout the television industry. Video: Oprah plans for final show in 2011 WIVB Video:  Oprah plans for final show in 2011 WIVB A Daytime Network Franchise Bets on Her Future With Cable New York Times BBC News - Broadcasting \u0026 Cable - Forbes - Chicago Tribune - Wikipedia: The Oprah Winfrey Show all 1,478 news articles » Email this story Times Online Is the new EU President a good choice? BBC News - ?4 hours ago? EU leaders have chosen the Belgian Prime Minister, Herman van Rompuy, as their new President. Is he the best person for the job? Mr Van Rompuy, 62, backed by France and Germany, has a reputation as a coalition builder, having steered the divided ... Video: Al Jazeera speaks to the EU foreign policy chief Al Jazeera Video:  Al Jazeera speaks to the EU foreign policy chief Al Jazeera EU Selects New President Voice of America Telegraph.co.uk - Bloomberg - Times Online - Xinhua - Wikipedia: Herman Van Rompuy all 2,056 news articles » Email this story MiamiHerald.com Democrats risk taxing the wealthy for healthcare Los Angeles Times - Janet Hook - ?1 hour ago? The House and Senate bills differ on who\u0027s considered rich enough and how much they should chip in. But both represent a shift that Republicans are bound to jump on. Video: Reid: Bill Will Save Lives and Money The Associated Press Video:  Reid: Bill Will Save Lives and Money The Associated Press Senate Health Care Bill Faces Crucial First Vote on Saturday New York Times FOXNews - Wall Street Journal - The Associated Press - Kansas City Star all 3,256 news articles » Email this story Breaking News \u0027Maoist attack\u0027 on railway derails India train BBC News - ?15 minutes ago? Culture Clash in Medicine New York Times - ?12 minutes ago? UN marks 20 years of Convention on Rights of the Child BBC News - ?30 minutes ago? Foreclosures will keep rising through 2010, report says Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? - all 537 articles » Google Offers Peek at Operating System, a Potential Challenge to Windows New York Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 659 articles » Bad \u0027Moon\u0027 rising Boston Herald - ?9 minutes ago? - all 3,909 articles » Williams leads Dolphins over Panthers 24-17 The Associated Press - ?15 minutes ago? - all 844 articles » California flu-related deaths, hospitalizations slowing Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 4,017 articles » In The News Oprah Winfrey Chrome OS Tim Lincecum Cy Young Sarah Palin Harry Reid Robert Pattinson Birds Eye Shaniya Davis Hurricane KatrinaTop StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularNew York Times The Oprah effect: Winners and losers Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? Oprah Winfrey\u0027s decision to walk away from her daytime talk show after 25 years when her contract expires in 2011 will have a ripple effect throughout the television industry. Video: Oprah plans for final show in 2011 WIVB Video:  Oprah plans for final show in 2011 WIVB A Daytime Network Franchise Bets on Her Future With Cable New York Times BBC News - Broadcasting \u0026 Cable - Forbes - Chicago Tribune - Wikipedia: The Oprah Winfrey Show all 1,478 news articles » Email this story Times Online Is the new EU President a good choice? BBC News - ?4 hours ago? EU leaders have chosen the Belgian Prime Minister, Herman van Rompuy, as their new President. Is he the best person for the job? Mr Van Rompuy, 62, backed by France and Germany, has a reputation as a coalition builder, having steered the divided ... Video: Al Jazeera speaks to the EU foreign policy chief Al Jazeera Video:  Al Jazeera speaks to the EU foreign policy chief Al Jazeera EU Selects New President Voice of America Telegraph.co.uk - Bloomberg - Times Online - Xinhua - Wikipedia: Herman Van Rompuy all 2,056 news articles » Email this story MiamiHerald.com Democrats risk taxing the wealthy for healthcare Los Angeles Times - Janet Hook - ?1 hour ago? The House and Senate bills differ on who\u0027s considered rich enough and how much they should chip in. But both represent a shift that Republicans are bound to jump on. Video: Reid: Bill Will Save Lives and Money The Associated Press Video:  Reid: Bill Will Save Lives and Money The Associated Press Senate Health Care Bill Faces Crucial First Vote on Saturday New York Times FOXNews - Wall Street Journal - The Associated Press - Kansas City Star all 3,256 news articles » Email this story Breaking News \u0027Maoist attack\u0027 on railway derails India train BBC News - ?15 minutes ago? Culture Clash in Medicine New York Times - ?12 minutes ago? UN marks 20 years of Convention on Rights of the Child BBC News - ?30 minutes ago? Foreclosures will keep rising through 2010, report says Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? - all 537 articles » Google Offers Peek at Operating System, a Potential Challenge to Windows New York Times - ?3 hours ago? - all 659 articles » Bad \u0027Moon\u0027 rising Boston Herald - ?9 minutes ago? - all 3,909 articles » Williams leads Dolphins over Panthers 24-17 The Associated Press - ?15 minutes ago? - all 844 articles » California flu-related deaths, hospitalizations slowing Los Angeles Times - ?2 hours ago? - all 4,017 articles » In The News Oprah Winfrey Chrome OS Tim Lincecum Cy Young Sarah Palin Harry Reid Robert Pattinson Birds Eye Shaniya Davis Hurricane Katrina -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2009,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":4,"second":57},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
