{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularTop StoriesPower disrupted but no injuries reported in Eureka quakeMajority Leader Reid apologizes to Obama for 2008 remarksIncident gives Lautenberg a chance to show he still shines in the spotlightTogo \u0027will play in Africa Cup of Nations\u0027Cowboys Lead Eagles 27-7 at HalftimeDespite Risks, Internet Creeps Onto Car DashboardsCBS chief: Failed Leno/NBC experiment boosted CBSThe Best of CES 2010Obama Urges Quick Action on Health OverhaulMore Politics StoriesVenezuela\u0027s Chavez Aims To Fight Currency Black MarketNew Afghan Cabinet Picks Still Generate ResistanceUS security adviser to meet with officials on peace talksCIA bomber struck just before searchThe Label Factor: Is Obama a Wimp or a Warrior?New Poll Has Coakley, Brown in Dead Heat for Senate SeatEven with austere budget plan, California counts on federal fundsVenezuela\u0027s Chavez Aims To Fight Currency Black MarketShrinking US Labor Force Keeps Unemployment Rate From RisingJAL Would Seek US Business Tie-Up, Not Capital Deal-NikkeiThe Best of CES 2010CES: Google building a Nexus One for enterpriseWeek in Microsoft: Ballmer kicks off CES 2010CBS chief: Failed Leno/NBC experiment boosted CBSCBS Says Business as Usual With Charlie SheenCelebrating Elvis\u0027s 75th birthdayCowboys Lead Eagles 27-7 at HalftimeFeeling Like Favorites, the Jets Play Like ItHouston Rockets snap losing streak with 105-96 win over New York KnicksObama Urges Quick Action on Health OverhaulNew data show young, minorities disproportionately hit by H1N1 in LA CountyUW provides case study in handling H1N1 virusDespite Risks, Internet Creeps Onto Car DashboardsMore Politics StoriesL.A. charter schools flex their educational musclesCongress Tinkers with Withholding Tax Tables for 2010The 20 SF Movies We\u0027re Most Excited To See In 2010","h2":"Updated 9 minutes ago Top StoriesPower disrupted but no injuries reported in Eureka quakeMajority Leader Reid apologizes to Obama for 2008 remarksIncident gives Lautenberg a chance to show he still shines in the spotlightBreaking NewsIn The NewsLiving Stories: a way to follow developing stories New!Recommended for you »edit close edit World »New Afghan Cabinet Picks Still Generate ResistanceUS security adviser to meet with officials on peace talksCIA bomber struck just before searchLocal News »edit close edit U.S. »The Label Factor: Is Obama a Wimp or a Warrior?New Poll Has Coakley, Brown in Dead Heat for Senate SeatEven with austere budget plan, California counts on federal fundsedit close edit Business »Venezuela\u0027s Chavez Aims To Fight Currency Black MarketShrinking US Labor Force Keeps Unemployment Rate From RisingJAL Would Seek US Business Tie-Up, Not Capital Deal-Nikkeiedit close edit Sci/Tech »The Best of CES 2010CES: Google building a Nexus One for enterpriseWeek in Microsoft: Ballmer kicks off CES 2010edit close edit Entertainment »CBS chief: Failed Leno/NBC experiment boosted CBSCBS Says Business as Usual With Charlie SheenCelebrating Elvis\u0027s 75th birthdayedit close edit Sports »Cowboys Lead Eagles 27-7 at HalftimeFeeling Like Favorites, the Jets Play Like ItHouston Rockets snap losing streak with 105-96 win over New York Knicksedit close edit Health »Obama Urges Quick Action on Health OverhaulNew data show young, minorities disproportionately hit by H1N1 in LA CountyUW provides case study in handling H1N1 virusedit close edit Spotlight »Despite Risks, Internet Creeps Onto Car DashboardsMore Politics StoriesL.A. charter schools flex their educational musclesCongress Tinkers with Withholding Tax Tables for 2010The 20 SF Movies We\u0027re Most Excited To See In 2010","h3":"",".snippet":"The earthquake near Eureka, Calif., this afternoon -- a reported magnitude 6.5 -- snapped power lines, toppled televisions and shook up local stores, but so far no injuries have been reported.Sen. Harry Reid: \"I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words.\" (Sarah L. Voisin/the Washington Post) By Chris Cillizza Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.He relentlessly pushes the swivel chair from side to side as he speaks of why he does the kinds of things he does. Frank Lautenberg, who has just finished his second news conference in little more than 24 hours at Newark Liberty International Airport, ...KABUL, Afghanistan - President Hamid Karzai made a second effort to fill his cabinet on Saturday, nominating 16 new ministers a week after Parliament had rejected most of his first choices.United States National Security Adviser James Jones is due in Israel on Tuesday for meetings on resuming the Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.The Jordanian had been \"heralded as a superstar asset.\" Until Dec. 30, none of the Americans at the base had laid eyes on him.WASHINGTON - Like every Democratic president since John F. Kennedy, President Obama is battling the perception that he\u0027s a wimp on national security.The race to replace Ted Kennedy in the US Senate is looking like a toss up, with Republican Scott Brown up 48-47 on Martha Coakley.On Rough \u0026 Tumble, a popular California public policy Web site, the lead headline Saturday read: \"Arnold to DC: Give Us The Money, Nobody Gets Hurt.CARACAS (Dow Jones)--Venezuela plans to battle the country\u0027s currency black market with \"heavy intervention,\" President Hugo Chavez said Saturday, one day after announcing a devaluation of the bolivar.Jan. 9 (Bloomberg) -- An exodus of discouraged workers from the job market kept the US unemployment rate from climbing above 10 percent in December, economists said.TOKYO (Nikkei)--Japan Airlines Corp. (JALSY, 9205.TO) and the entity that will sponsor its rehabilitation have decided to limit a possible alliance with either one of the two interested US carriers to a business tie-up, rather than a partnership that ...From genuine 3D technology to slick new e-readers, these products are the best of the crop from this year\u0027s show. Our crack staff of editors hit Las Vegas this week to cover the annual Consumer Electronics Show.Once an Apple engineer, Andy Rubin went on to co-found mobile computing outfits Danger and Android. He sold the former to Microsoft and the latter to Google, where he is now vice president of engineering.This week in Microsoft, CES 2010 was the big talking point, with Steve Ballmer kicking off the conference. Nevertheless, there was still a bit of non-CES Microsoft news to cover.LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CBS entertainment chief Nina Tassler said on Saturday that the No. 1 US television network had reaped advertising benefits from rival NBC\u0027s decision to move comedian Jay Leno to prime time in place of scripted drama.LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - CBS TV executives steered clear of the domestic violence allegations surrounding TV star Charlie Sheen, saying on Saturday it was business as usual on the set of his hit show \"Two and a Half Men.Jan. 8 is the 75th anniversary of Elvis Presley\u0027s birth, and fans around the world celebrate the occasion. Elvis fan Lori Vigil of Denver attends festivities in Memphis, Tenn.By AP ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) -- Tony Romo threw for 203 yards with two touchdowns and the Dallas Cowboys had a 27-7 halftime lead Saturday night over the Philadelphia Eagles, whose score came on a 76-yard pass thrown by Michael Vick.CINCINNATI - On Saturday night, the team once ridiculed with the phrase Same Old Jets advanced to the divisional round of the NFL playoffs behind three rookies intent on burying that expression.HOUSTON - Yao Ming is back in China these days nursing a foot injury and waiting for his wife to give birth. Tracy McGrady is spending his final days in a Rockets uniform in Chicago, having long since been banished from the team.WASHINGTON - President Obama said Saturday that Americans would see immediate benefits from a landmark overhaul of the nation\u0027s health insurance system, and he urged Congress to reconcile swiftly differences on the legislation so it ...New data released this week indicate H1N1 flu disproportionately struck the young and minorities in Los Angeles County, groups public health officials have vowed to increasingly target for vaccination.Wisconsin college officials looking at how they might handle an expected peak in swine flu cases as the spring semester starts can look to the University of Wisconsin-Madison as a case study.Audi says it tested its system to reduce the amount of time that drivers spend looking at screens. By ASHLEE VANCE and MATT RICHTEL LAS VEGAS - To the dismay of safety advocates already worried about driver distraction, automakers and high-tech ...While two Senate Democrats already have seen the handwriting on the wall and bailed out of re-election races, five others trail Republicans in states where President Obama and his trillion-dollar health-care-reform plan are increasingly unpopular.Enrollment is up, and overall, standardized test scores outshine those at traditional campuses. Even the LA Unified board has eased its resistance.Recently, retired military have received e-mail messages notifying them of a withholding tax increase. The email states: NO ANNUAL COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT (COLA) WILL BE ADDED TO MILITARY RETIRED PAY IN 2010.Are you prepared for cinematic awesomeness? This year sees a number of movies we\u0027re eager to watch, from Christopher Nolan\u0027s acid trip to new Iron Man, Predator and Tron films.","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 10 2009 2010 2011 20,841 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 10 2009 2010 2011DEC JAN FEB102009 2010 201120,841 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news search PreferencesArgentina Australia België Belgique Botswana Brasil Canada English Canada Français ?eská republika Chile Colombia Cuba Deutschland España Estados Unidos Ethiopia France Ghana India Ireland Israel English Italia Kenya Magyarország Malaysia México Namibia Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Schweiz Sénégal Singapore South Africa Suisse Sverige Tanzania Türkiye U.K. U.S. Uganda Venezuela Vi?t Nam (Vietnam) Zimbabwe ?????? (Greece) ?????? (Russia) ??????? / ??????? (Ukraine) ??????? / ?????????? (Ukraine) ????? (Israel) ???????? (UAE) ???????? (KSA) ?????? ?????? (Arabic) ????? (Lebanon) ??? (Egypt) ?????? (India) ?????(India) ?????? (India) ?????? (India) ?? (Korea) ??? (China) ??? (Taiwan) ?? (Japan) ??? (Hong Kong) Top Stories World U.S. Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Spotlight Most Popular › All news Headlines Images YouTube News Google Fast Flip Updated 9 minutes ago Top Stories NEWS.com.au Power disrupted but no injuries reported in Eureka quake Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? The earthquake near Eureka, Calif., this afternoon -- a reported magnitude 6.5 -- snapped power lines, toppled televisions and shook up local stores, but so far no injuries have been reported. 6.5 Quake Strikes Off California Coast Wall Street Journal 6.5 earthquake strikes off California coast CNN International New York Times - Fort Worth Star Telegram - San Francisco Chronicle - WLOS all 963 news articles » Email this story BBC News Majority Leader Reid apologizes to Obama for 2008 remarks Washington Post - Chris Cillizza - ?2 hours ago? Sen. Harry Reid: \"I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words.\" (Sarah L. Voisin/the Washington Post) By Chris Cillizza Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev. Reid apologizes for racial comments about Obama in 2008 Kansas City Star Obama accepts apology for \u0027no Negro dialect\u0027 comment WLOS Deseret News - The Virginian-Pilot - Hindustan Times - The Press Association all 614 news articles » Email this story CBC.ca Incident gives Lautenberg a chance to show he still shines in the spotlight The Star-Ledger - NJ.com - ?14 minutes ago? He relentlessly pushes the swivel chair from side to side as he speaks of why he does the kinds of things he does. Frank Lautenberg, who has just finished his second news conference in little more than 24 hours at Newark Liberty International Airport, ... Video: Friends: Suspect a Romantic; Meant No Harm at Newark Airport The Associated Press Video:  Friends: Suspect a Romantic; Meant No Harm at Newark Airport The Associated Press A \u0027Romantic\u0027 Now in Trouble Over an Airport Kiss New York Times Austin American-Statesman - New York Daily News - CNN - BBC News - Wikipedia: Newark Liberty International Airport all 1,790 news articles » Email this story Breaking News Togo \u0027will play in Africa Cup of Nations\u0027 BBC News - ?8 minutes ago? Cowboys Lead Eagles 27-7 at Halftime New York Times - ?1 hour ago? - all 1,038 articles » Despite Risks, Internet Creeps Onto Car Dashboards New York Times - ?Jan 6, 2010? CBS chief: Failed Leno/NBC experiment boosted CBS Reuters - ?5 hours ago? - all 2,201 articles » The Best of CES 2010 PC World - ?2 hours ago? - all 1,668 articles » Obama Urges Quick Action on Health Overhaul New York Times - ?5 hours ago? - all 479 articles » More Politics Stories Washington Times - ?Jan 6, 2010? Venezuela\u0027s Chavez Aims To Fight Currency Black Market Wall Street Journal - ?2 hours ago? - all 944 articles » In The News Shen Yun Jay Leno Nexus One Art Clokey Pete Carroll Lucas Glover Haisong Jiang Peyton Manning Dallas Cowboys Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more »Top StoriesWorldU.S.BusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealthSpotlightMost PopularNEWS.com.au Power disrupted but no injuries reported in Eureka quake Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? The earthquake near Eureka, Calif., this afternoon -- a reported magnitude 6.5 -- snapped power lines, toppled televisions and shook up local stores, but so far no injuries have been reported. 6.5 Quake Strikes Off California Coast Wall Street Journal 6.5 earthquake strikes off California coast CNN International New York Times - Fort Worth Star Telegram - San Francisco Chronicle - WLOS all 963 news articles » Email this story BBC News Majority Leader Reid apologizes to Obama for 2008 remarks Washington Post - Chris Cillizza - ?2 hours ago? Sen. Harry Reid: \"I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words.\" (Sarah L. Voisin/the Washington Post) By Chris Cillizza Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev. Reid apologizes for racial comments about Obama in 2008 Kansas City Star Obama accepts apology for \u0027no Negro dialect\u0027 comment WLOS Deseret News - The Virginian-Pilot - Hindustan Times - The Press Association all 614 news articles » Email this story CBC.ca Incident gives Lautenberg a chance to show he still shines in the spotlight The Star-Ledger - NJ.com - ?14 minutes ago? He relentlessly pushes the swivel chair from side to side as he speaks of why he does the kinds of things he does. Frank Lautenberg, who has just finished his second news conference in little more than 24 hours at Newark Liberty International Airport, ... Video: Friends: Suspect a Romantic; Meant No Harm at Newark Airport The Associated Press Video:  Friends: Suspect a Romantic; Meant No Harm at Newark Airport The Associated Press A \u0027Romantic\u0027 Now in Trouble Over an Airport Kiss New York Times Austin American-Statesman - New York Daily News - CNN - BBC News - Wikipedia: Newark Liberty International Airport all 1,790 news articles » Email this story Breaking News Togo \u0027will play in Africa Cup of Nations\u0027 BBC News - ?8 minutes ago? Cowboys Lead Eagles 27-7 at Halftime New York Times - ?1 hour ago? - all 1,038 articles » Despite Risks, Internet Creeps Onto Car Dashboards New York Times - ?Jan 6, 2010? CBS chief: Failed Leno/NBC experiment boosted CBS Reuters - ?5 hours ago? - all 2,201 articles » The Best of CES 2010 PC World - ?2 hours ago? - all 1,668 articles » Obama Urges Quick Action on Health Overhaul New York Times - ?5 hours ago? - all 479 articles » More Politics Stories Washington Times - ?Jan 6, 2010? Venezuela\u0027s Chavez Aims To Fight Currency Black Market Wall Street Journal - ?2 hours ago? - all 944 articles » In The News Shen Yun Jay Leno Nexus One Art Clokey Pete Carroll Lucas Glover Haisong Jiang Peyton Manning Dallas Cowboys Living Stories: a way to follow developing stories New! Executive Compensation NYT The Redskins Season WaPo Politics of Global Warming NYT Fixing D.C. Schools WaPo War in Afghanistan NYT Swine Flu NYT Healthcare NYT - WaPo Learn more » -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2010,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":53,"second":32},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
