{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"Top StoriesAlcohol more harmful than heroin, crack cocaine: StudyElimination game won\u0027t faze Rangers\u0027 LeeIraqi forces storm church to end standoff; 37 killedNews for you - Edit personalizationUS candidates make final mid-term election pushUK manufacturing shows surprise growthCompany Town: \u0027Saw 3D\u0027 shows franchise still has box office teethIn odd postgame scene, Moss says Vikings ignored himBrazil steps toward post-Lula era with RousseffAlternative search engine Blekko launchesCargo plane bomb plot: Cobra to discuss responseTurning out for sanity. Or maybe fear.Emerging Stocks, US Futures, Commodities Advance on ChinaShowdown Over Arizona Immigration Law Reaches Federal Appeals CourtMedvedev Visits Disputed IslandLakers still riding a perfect waveGLOBAL MARKETS-China data, Fed QE prospects drive investorsToo bad BCS\u0027s future isn\u0027t on our ballotsAMC\u0027s The Walking Dead the Perfect Halloween TreatJFK\u0027s speechwriter, confidant, counselor and a keeper of the Kennedy flameSamsung Galaxy Tab enters crowded tablet PC marketAlaska Voting Forecast: Chance of Count ChaosCablevision-Fox Blackout May Raise Hurdles for Comcast-NBC DealConfused Weatherford comes up shortRecentRepublicans say voters will repudiate ObamaTaliban briefly overrun east Afghanistan districtFTSE rises as China data boosts miners; banks upSan Francisco Bay Area - EditMehserle won\u0027t get maximum sentence, legal experts sayA Gaelic Christmas at Trinity Cathedral San Jose2 Fresno women killed in one-car crash in San JoseSpotlightGold Will Outlive Dollar Once Slaughter Comes: John HathawayWorld\u0027s Most Precise Clocks Could Reveal Universe Is a Hologram4-Year-Old Can Be Sued, Judge Rules in Bike CaseObama returns home to make final pitch to votersMore on the Mortgage MessI Had a One-Night Stand With Christine O\u0027DonnellNew Ways to Create a Gold-Plated PensionOgled and Threatened on a Journey to WomanhoodMicrosoft Runs Basically The Worst Internet Startup Ever. 1 Year, Over $2 ...Time Traveler Caught on Film?Give Obama a BreakDilma Rousseff: From fugitive guerrilla to Brazil\u0027s new presidentSpotlight VideoGoogle Fast FlipMost popularAlcohol \u0027more harmful than heroin, crack and Ecstasy\u0027Young Giants shine in World SeriesGunmen Attack Church In BaghdadWorld\u0027s Most Precise Clocks Could Reveal Universe Is a HologramDelaware Senate Election 2010: Christine O\u0027Donnell trails Chris Coons as vote ...Did Iran Know About the Yemen Terror Plot?Favre, Vikes firmly pressed against the ropesPDC10: New features in Azure for VM, app marketplace, low cost packageIn Wis., Feingold feels impact of court rulingAlaska Three-Way is Surprise Hope for Democrats","h2":"Top StoriesAlcohol more harmful than heroin, crack cocaine: StudyElimination game won\u0027t faze Rangers\u0027 LeeIraqi forces storm church to end standoff; 37 killedView as:ListSectionsTwo column News for you - Edit personalizationUS candidates make final mid-term election pushUK manufacturing shows surprise growthCompany Town: \u0027Saw 3D\u0027 shows franchise still has box office teethIn odd postgame scene, Moss says Vikings ignored himBrazil steps toward post-Lula era with RousseffAlternative search engine Blekko launchesCargo plane bomb plot: Cobra to discuss responseTurning out for sanity. Or maybe fear.Emerging Stocks, US Futures, Commodities Advance on ChinaShowdown Over Arizona Immigration Law Reaches Federal Appeals CourtMedvedev Visits Disputed IslandLakers still riding a perfect waveGLOBAL MARKETS-China data, Fed QE prospects drive investorsToo bad BCS\u0027s future isn\u0027t on our ballotsAMC\u0027s The Walking Dead the Perfect Halloween TreatJFK\u0027s speechwriter, confidant, counselor and a keeper of the Kennedy flameSamsung Galaxy Tab enters crowded tablet PC marketAlaska Voting Forecast: Chance of Count ChaosCablevision-Fox Blackout May Raise Hurdles for Comcast-NBC DealConfused Weatherford comes up shortRecentSan Francisco Bay Area - EditSpotlightSpotlight VideoGoogle Fast FlipMost popular","h3":"",".snippet":"LONDON: Alcohol is a more dangerous drug than both crack and heroin when the combined harms to the user and to others are assessed, British scientists said on Monday.ARLINGTON, Texas—Cliff Lee knows what it\u0027s like to pitch in a World Series elimination game. Remember last year? The Phillies trailed the Yankees three games to one when Lee took the mound on a cold Monday night in Philadelphia and helped send the ...Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi security forces stormed a Catholic church Sunday where gunmen suspected of having ties to al Qaeda were holding worshippers hostage, ending an hours-long standoff, police officials said Sunday.Campaigning for the US Congressional mid-term elections has entered its final day ahead of voting on Tuesday. Opinion polls suggest the Democratic Party will lose its majority in the House of Representatives and struggle to keep its grip on the Senate.British manufacturing growth picked up pace last month for the first time since March and activity in the sector also accelerated unexpectedly.After seven films in seven years and nearly $750 million in worldwide box office, \"Saw\" is ending with neither a whimper nor a bang.Randy Moss criticized the decision not to kick a field goal at the end of the first half and said he was disappointed his insights about the Patriots were ignored.SAO PAULO, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Brazil\u0027s president-elect Dilma Rousseff prepared on Monday to take over an economy that is booming but faces several threats including heavy budget spending, an overvalued currency and ...Blekko\u0027s auto-fire functionality is designed with passive searchers in mind, and aims to eliminate friction for first time users.The government\u0027s Cobra emergency committee is meeting today to discuss a response to the Yemen-based plot to send bombs on US cargo planes, as Yemeni authorities promise to increase airport security.WASHINGTON - At the end of his highly-anticipated “Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear\u0027\u0027 on Saturday, host Jon Stewart gave perhaps the most cogent reflection on the event that had unfolded on the National Mall over the previous ...Nov. 1 (Bloomberg) -- Emerging-market stocks, US index futures and commodities rose after China\u0027s manufacturing strengthened and before the Federal Reserve meets to discuss stimulus for America\u0027s economy.Lawyers for Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, Justice Department Make Oral Arguments Before Three-Judge Panel By DEVIN DWYER Lawyers for Arizona Gov.Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visited Monday one of the islands in the Russian Far East long the subject of a dispute with Japan, a move that could cause a major headache for a government already stung by a ...Pau Gasol finishes with 26 points and 12 rebounds as the Lakers remain unbeaten on the season with a 107-83 victory over Golden State.LONDON, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Robust economic data from China and the nearing of Federal Reserve asset-buying combined to lift emerging market stocks and weaken the dollar on Monday, with Wall Street ...Maybe the BCS will eventually fall perfectly into place. It\u0027s a long season. Oregon, currently No. 1 in the BCS standings, and No.To coincide with Halloween, AMC premiered writer/director Frank Darabont\u0027s five part zombie series, The Walking Dead over the weekend to rave reviews.Ted Sorensen, the admired longtime assistant to President John F. Kennedy who provided his chief with many of the words and thoughts that still resonate through American life, died Sunday at New York Presbyterian Hospital ...The Samsung Galaxy Tab is the latest keyboard-free touch screen computer to go on sale. It is one of many tablets running Google Android\u0027s operating system, but aims to have the edge on its competition by being pocket-sized.ANCHORAGE - The wrinkles of a write-in campaign in an Alaskan election could mean it takes weeks before anyone knows whether Senator Lisa Murkowski pulled off a political miracle.Nov. 1 (Bloomberg) -- The spat between News Corp. and Cablevision System Corp. that blacked out Fox programming for more than 3 million subscribers may raise hurdles for Comcast Corp.Rex Ryan said the Jets had given Steve Weatherford instructions regarding a fake punt -- it\u0027s got to be a reasonable distance to get the first down.","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 1 2009 2010 2011 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 1 2009 2010 2011OCT NOV DEC12009 2010 201120,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Advanced news searchTop Stories David Nutt » Brisbane Ti... Alcohol more harmful than heroin, crack cocaine: Study Times of India - ?1 hour ago? LONDON: Alcohol is a more dangerous drug than both crack and heroin when the combined harms to the user and to others are assessed, British scientists said on Monday. Alcohol \u0027more harmful than heroin\u0027 The Press Association Alcohol more harmful than heroin or crack The Guardian BBC News - Daily Mail - AFP - KBOI all 624 news articles » Cliff Lee » Sydney Morn... Elimination game won\u0027t faze Rangers\u0027 Lee SportingNews.com - Stan McNeal - ?41 minutes ago? ARLINGTON, Texas—Cliff Lee knows what it\u0027s like to pitch in a World Series elimination game. Remember last year? The Phillies trailed the Yankees three games to one when Lee took the mound on a cold Monday night in Philadelphia and helped send the ... Video: World Series: Game 4 recap Fox Sports Video:  World Series: Game 4 recap Fox Sports Slumping Rangers turn to Lee to extend Series Washington Post New York Post - Dallas Morning News - SI.com - San Francisco Chronicle all 4,155 news articles » Baghdad » CBC.ca Iraqi forces storm church to end standoff; 37 killed CNN - Mohammed Tawfeeq - ?3 hours ago? Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi security forces stormed a Catholic church Sunday where gunmen suspected of having ties to al Qaeda were holding worshippers hostage, ending an hours-long standoff, police officials said Sunday. Video: Scores dead in Baghdad church attack ITN NEWS Video:  Scores dead in Baghdad church attack ITN NEWS Iraq official: 52 dead after Catholic church siege msnbc.com Washington Post - ABC Online - Telegraph.co.uk - The Canadian Press - Wikipedia: October 2010 Baghdad church attack all 1,203 news articles » View as:ListSectionsTwo column News for you - Edit personalization This section will adapt to show news about your interests. Choose how often you like to read news from each section and add topics you follow. Examples: Astronomy, New England Patriots, White House How often do you read: Never Sometimes Always World U.S. Elections Business Sci/Tech Entertainment Sports Health Reset personalization Elections » Kansas City... US candidates make final mid-term election push BBC News - ?14 minutes ago? Campaigning for the US Congressional mid-term elections has entered its final day ahead of voting on Tuesday. Opinion polls suggest the Democratic Party will lose its majority in the House of Representatives and struggle to keep its grip on the Senate. Video: Raw Video: Obama\u0027s Campaign Trail Breakfast The Associated Press Video:  Raw Video: Obama\u0027s Campaign Trail Breakfast The Associated Press As elections near, voter outreach intensifies Washington Post AFP - CNN International - Telegraph.co.uk - Houston Chronicle all 4,551 news articles » Purchasing Managers Index » The Guardia... UK manufacturing shows surprise growth Telegraph.co.uk - ?1 hour ago? British manufacturing growth picked up pace last month for the first time since March and activity in the sector also accelerated unexpectedly. U.K. Manufacturing Growth Picks Up Wall Street Journal UK Manufacturing Growth Unexpectedly Accelerates as Exports Strengthen Bloomberg Financial Times - The Guardian - BBC News - MarketWatch all 452 news articles » Paranormal Activity 2 » Telegraph.c... Company Town: \u0027Saw 3D\u0027 shows franchise still has box office teeth Los Angeles Times - Ben Fritz - ?4 hours ago? After seven films in seven years and nearly $750 million in worldwide box office, \"Saw\" is ending with neither a whimper nor a bang. Despicable Me reclaims lead at foreign box office Reuters Saw 3D Tops Halloween Weekend Box Office Deadbolt CNN International - People Magazine - MovieWeb - TIME all 694 news articles » Brett Favre » CBC.ca In odd postgame scene, Moss says Vikings ignored him Minneapolis Star Tribune - Chip Scoggins - ?20 minutes ago? Randy Moss criticized the decision not to kick a field goal at the end of the first half and said he was disappointed his insights about the Patriots were ignored. Video: Analysis: Patriots beat Favre, Vikings WPRI.com Video:  Analysis: Patriots beat Favre, Vikings WPRI.com Favre gets stitches in chin, Pats beat Vikes 28-18 Washington Post National Football Post - Boston Globe - Yahoo! Sports - NECN all 2,408 news articles » Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva » Globe and M... Brazil steps toward post-Lula era with Rousseff Reuters - Stuart Grudgings, Brian Winter - ?19 minutes ago? SAO PAULO, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Brazil\u0027s president-elect Dilma Rousseff prepared on Monday to take over an economy that is booming but faces several threats including heavy budget spending, an overvalued currency and ... Video: Brazilians welcome first female leader Al Jazeera Video:  Brazilians welcome first female leader Al Jazeera Political tests ahead for Brazil\u0027s Dilma Rousseff BBC News MiamiHerald.com - Washington Post - Your Olive Branch - BusinessWeek - Wikipedia: Brazilian presidential election, 2010 all 1,772 news articles » Search Engines » Moneycontro... Alternative search engine Blekko launches CNN - Jennifer Van Grove - ?10 minutes ago? Blekko\u0027s auto-fire functionality is designed with passive searchers in mind, and aims to eliminate friction for first time users. Blekko search engine takes Wiki approach TG Daily New Search Engine, Blekko, Uses Users to Filter Results PC Magazine CNET - Softpedia - TechRadar UK - Afterdawn.com - Wikipedia: Blekko all 69 news articles » Yemen » Telegraph.c... Cargo plane bomb plot: Cobra to discuss response The Guardian - ?41 minutes ago? The government\u0027s Cobra emergency committee is meeting today to discuss a response to the Yemen-based plot to send bombs on US cargo planes, as Yemeni authorities promise to increase airport security. Video: Officials: Mail Bomb Almost Missed Detection The Associated Press Video:  Officials: Mail Bomb Almost Missed Detection The Associated Press Cargo plane bomb plot: Cobra review \u0027could lead to new security measures\u0027 Telegraph.co.uk ABC News - BusinessWeek - Washington Post - New York Times - Wikipedia: 2010 cargo plane bomb plot all 6,028 news articles » Jon Stewart » Telegraph.c... Turning out for sanity. Or maybe fear. Boston Globe - Joseph Williams - ?9 hours ago? WASHINGTON - At the end of his highly-anticipated “Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear\u0027\u0027 on Saturday, host Jon Stewart gave perhaps the most cogent reflection on the event that had unfolded on the National Mall over the previous ... Video: Stewart, Colbert Discuss Their Rally The Associated Press Video:  Stewart, Colbert Discuss Their Rally The Associated Press Rally to Shift the Blame New York Times NBC Chicago - The George Washington University The GW Hatchet - ToTheCenter.com - LSU The Reveille - Wikipedia: Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear all 5,066 news articles » Dow Jones Industrial Average » Washington ... Emerging Stocks, US Futures, Commodities Advance on China BusinessWeek - Stephen Kirkland - ?42 minutes ago? Nov. 1 (Bloomberg) -- Emerging-market stocks, US index futures and commodities rose after China\u0027s manufacturing strengthened and before the Federal Reserve meets to discuss stimulus for America\u0027s economy. Futures Rise Ahead of Elections, Fed Wall Street Journal Stock futures climb ahead of manufacturing report Washington Post CNNMoney - ABC News - CNBC - Benzinga all 129 news articles » Jan Brewer » GlobalVisas Showdown Over Arizona Immigration Law Reaches Federal Appeals Court ABC News - Devin Dwyer - ?13 minutes ago? Lawyers for Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, Justice Department Make Oral Arguments Before Three-Judge Panel By DEVIN DWYER Lawyers for Arizona Gov. Debate over Arizona immigration law heads to appeals court CNN International Arizona\u0027s immigration law goes before US appeals court Washington Post San Jose Mercury News - Tucson Citizen - AZ Central.com - Web Devil all 252 news articles » Dmitry Medvedev » The Hindu Medvedev Visits Disputed Island Wall Street Journal - Yuka Hayashi, Gregory L. White - ?13 minutes ago? Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visited Monday one of the islands in the Russian Far East long the subject of a dispute with Japan, a move that could cause a major headache for a government already stung by a ... Russia Angers Japan With Visit to Disputed Islands New York Times Dmitry Medvedev stokes Japan ire with visit to disputed isles Times of India Reuters - Financial Times - Telegraph.co.uk - The Associated Press - Wikipedia: Kuril Islands dispute all 788 news articles » Golden State Warriors » Kansas City... Lakers still riding a perfect wave Los Angeles Times - ?5 hours ago? Pau Gasol finishes with 26 points and 12 rebounds as the Lakers remain unbeaten on the season with a 107-83 victory over Golden State. Video: Lakers wallop Warriors Fox Sports Video:  Lakers wallop Warriors Fox Sports 1. Odom Off To A Great Start ESPN OCRegister - AHN | All Headline News - Rotoworld.com - San Jose Mercury News (blog) all 326 news articles » Japanese yen » Reuters Ind... GLOBAL MARKETS-China data, Fed QE prospects drive investors Reuters - Jeremy Gaunt - ?27 minutes ago? LONDON, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Robust economic data from China and the nearing of Federal Reserve asset-buying combined to lift emerging market stocks and weaken the dollar on Monday, with Wall Street ... Dollar, Yen Fall; China Manufacturing Data Spurs Risk Appetite BusinessWeek Strong China Data Weigh on Dollar Wall Street Journal Financial Times - Bloomberg - San Jose Mercury News - RTT News all 281 news articles » Bowl Championship Series » Globe and M... Too bad BCS\u0027s future isn\u0027t on our ballots Boston Herald - Mark Wiedmer - ?1 hour ago? Maybe the BCS will eventually fall perfectly into place. It\u0027s a long season. Oregon, currently No. 1 in the BCS standings, and No. Video: Oregon, Auburn Swap in BCS Rankings CBSSports.com Video:  Oregon, Auburn Swap in BCS Rankings CBSSports.com Looks like there\u0027ll be no ducking Oregon Boston Globe New York Times - CBSSports.com - msnbc.com - San Francisco Chronicle all 974 news articles » The Walking Dead » New York Da... AMC\u0027s The Walking Dead the Perfect Halloween Treat Deadbolt - Troy Rogers - ?47 minutes ago? To coincide with Halloween, AMC premiered writer/director Frank Darabont\u0027s five part zombie series, The Walking Dead over the weekend to rave reviews. \u0027The Walking Dead\u0027 recap: Boyz in the Zombiehood Entertainment Weekly \u0027The Walking Dead\u0027 Review: Episode 1, \u0027Days Gone Bye\u0027 MTV.com ABC News - New York Daily News - TheCelebrityCafe.com - Comic Book Movie all 331 news articles » Ted Sorensen » Fox News JFK\u0027s speechwriter, confidant, counselor and a keeper of the Kennedy flame Washington Post - Martin Weil, Emma Brown - ?3 hours ago? Ted Sorensen, the admired longtime assistant to President John F. Kennedy who provided his chief with many of the words and thoughts that still resonate through American life, died Sunday at New York Presbyterian Hospital ... Theodore C. Sorensen, 82, Kennedy Counselor, Dies New York Times Famed JFK Speechwriter Ted Sorensen Dead at 82 NBC Chicago Kansas City Star - Seattle Times - Gainesville Sun - BBC News - Wikipedia: Ted Sorensen all 698 news articles » Samsung Galaxy Tab » Oneindia Samsung Galaxy Tab enters crowded tablet PC market BBC News - ?31 minutes ago? The Samsung Galaxy Tab is the latest keyboard-free touch screen computer to go on sale. It is one of many tablets running Google Android\u0027s operating system, but aims to have the edge on its competition by being pocket-sized. Samsung Galaxy Tab Coming to US Cellular PC Magazine Samsung, Apple Rivalry Expanding Beyond Smartphones The Chosun Ilbo CNET (blog) - Inquirer - The Australian - Techtree.com all 422 news articles » Lisa Murkowski » Seattle Pos... Alaska Voting Forecast: Chance of Count Chaos New York Times - William Yardley - ?9 hours ago? ANCHORAGE - The wrinkles of a write-in campaign in an Alaskan election could mean it takes weeks before anyone knows whether Senator Lisa Murkowski pulled off a political miracle. Joe Miller Blames Press For Fabricating A Non-Existant Story New York Magazine Spokesman: Murkowski intends to caucus with GOP Washington Post Boston Globe - TMC Net - Boston Herald - msnbc.com all 431 news articles » Cablevision » Australian ... Cablevision-Fox Blackout May Raise Hurdles for Comcast-NBC Deal BusinessWeek - Kelly Riddell, Todd Shields - ?7 hours ago? Nov. 1 (Bloomberg) -- The spat between News Corp. and Cablevision System Corp. that blacked out Fox programming for more than 3 million subscribers may raise hurdles for Comcast Corp. Fox strikes deal with East Coast cable provider Los Angeles Times Fox and Cablevision Deal Returns Signal New York Times Wall Street Journal - RTT News - ABC News - Entertainment Weekly all 926 news articles » Green Bay Packers » WSAU Confused Weatherford comes up short New York Post - Mark Hale - ?1 hour ago? Rex Ryan said the Jets had given Steve Weatherford instructions regarding a fake punt -- it\u0027s got to be a reasonable distance to get the first down. Jets, Vikings and Chiefs offer mix of hype, hardship, hope USA Today Jets, Steelers Lose, Patriots Beat Vikings to Improve to 6-1: NFL Week 8 Bloomberg New York Daily News - New York Times (blog) - NorthJersey.com - Appleton Post Crescent all 73 news articles » Show more stories Recent Republicans say voters will repudiate Obama Reuters - Scott Audette - ?17 minutes ago? Taliban briefly overrun east Afghanistan district USA Today - ?13 minutes ago? FTSE rises as China data boosts miners; banks up Reuters - Tricia Wright - ?22 minutes ago? Elections New! US Congressional Midterms Local California Races San Francisco Bay Area - Edit City, State, or Zip Code: Automatically determine my geographic area   Mehserle won\u0027t get maximum sentence, legal experts say San Jose Mercury News - Paul T. Rosynsky - ?2 hours ago? A Gaelic Christmas at Trinity Cathedral San Jose San Jose Mercury News - ?2 hours ago? Blossom Hill » 2 Fresno women killed in one-car crash in San Jose San Jose Mercury News - ?1 hour ago? - all 47 articles » Spotlight Gold Will Outlive Dollar Once Slaughter Comes: John Hathaway Bloomberg - John Hathaway - ?Oct 28, 2010? World\u0027s Most Precise Clocks Could Reveal Universe Is a Hologram Wired News (blog) - Dave Mosher - ?Oct 28, 2010? 4-Year-Old Can Be Sued, Judge Rules in Bike Case New York Times - Alan Feuer - ?Oct 28, 2010? Obama returns home to make final pitch to voters CNN - Ed Henry - ?21 hours ago? More on the Mortgage Mess New York Times - ?8 hours ago? I Had a One-Night Stand With Christine O\u0027Donnell Gawker - ?Oct 28, 2010? New Ways to Create a Gold-Plated Pension Wall Street Journal - Eleanor Laise - ?Oct 29, 2010? Ogled and Threatened on a Journey to Womanhood New York Times - Stephen Holden - ?Oct 28, 2010? Microsoft Runs Basically The Worst Internet Startup Ever. 1 Year, Over $2 ... TechCrunch - ?Oct 28, 2010? Time Traveler Caught on Film? Universe Today - Nancy Atkinson - ?Oct 28, 2010? Give Obama a Break New York Times - Nicholas D. Kristof - ?Oct 30, 2010? Dilma Rousseff: From fugitive guerrilla to Brazil\u0027s new president CNN - Helena de Moura - ?8 hours ago? Spotlight Video Stewart-Colbert DC Rally Draws Huge Crowd The Associated Press  -  19 hours ago Watch video Stewart-Colbert DC Rally Draws Huge Crowd The Associated Press  -  19 hours ago Watch video Big Races, Big Picture Fox News  -  11 hours ago Watch video Big Races, Big Picture Fox News  -  11 hours ago Watch video Oregon, Auburn Swap in BCS Rankings CBSSports.com  -  9 hours ago Watch video Oregon, Auburn Swap in BCS Rankings CBSSports.com  -  9 hours ago Watch video \u0027No-Baby\u0027 Bonus: Indians choose between money and kids RT  -  20 hours ago Watch video \u0027No-Baby\u0027 Bonus: Indians choose between money and kids RT  -  20 hours ago Watch video Medical Marijuana May Not Be Just for the Sick The Associated Press  -  2 hours ago Watch video Medical Marijuana May Not Be Just for the Sick The Associated Press  -  2 hours ago Watch video Google Fast Flip Most popular David Nutt » Alcohol \u0027more harmful than heroin, crack and Ecstasy\u0027 Daily Mail - Katherine Faulkner - ?12 minutes ago? - all 625 articles » Cliff Lee » Young Giants shine in World Series ESPN (blog) - Andy Pettitte - ?2 hours ago? - all 4,284 articles » Baghdad » Gunmen Attack Church In Baghdad NPR (blog) - Korva Coleman - ?33 minutes ago? - all 1,211 articles » World\u0027s Most Precise Clocks Could Reveal Universe Is a Hologram Wired News (blog) - Dave Mosher - ?Oct 28, 2010? Christine O\u0027Donnell » Delaware Senate Election 2010: Christine O\u0027Donnell trails Chris Coons as vote ... Washington Post - ?Oct 29, 2010? - all 921 articles » Yemen » Did Iran Know About the Yemen Terror Plot? Forbes (blog) - Abigail R. Esman - ?8 hours ago? - all 8,751 articles » Brett Favre » Favre, Vikes firmly pressed against the ropes Yahoo! Sports - Michael Silver - ?42 minutes ago? - all 2,408 articles » Microsoft OS » PDC10: New features in Azure for VM, app marketplace, low cost package Seattle Times - Sharon Chan - ?Oct 28, 2010? - all 2,437 articles » Russ Feingold » In Wis., Feingold feels impact of court ruling Washington Post - Robert Barnes - ?5 hours ago? - all 92 articles » Lisa Murkowski » Alaska Three-Way is Surprise Hope for Democrats New York Times (blog) - Michael D. Shear - ?33 minutes ago? - all 431 articles »How often do you read: Never Sometimes AlwaysWorldU.S.ElectionsBusinessSci/TechEntertainmentSportsHealth -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2010,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":46,"second":31},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
