{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"RecentFacebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart, Priscilla ChanFire risk prompts recall of nearly 87000 JeepsAnother Thriller, and More BelieversGreater Portland » - Change locationMiami likely soccer hub for Al JazeeraPolice: Wash. man ran synthetic drug ringWriter Leni Zumas captures her \u0027dream job\u0027 with PSUEditors\u0027 PicksMost popular baby names have biblical originsCamp David and Thurmont: A mountain shared, a world apartJPMorgan Chase hit with class-action lawsuit over $2B in trading losses360-degree panoramasSpotlight »Getting to Retirement With Minimal Financial RiskPaul Rusconi, Malibu Artist, Cleared Of Allegations Of Raping His Twin ...What Zimmerman, Martin medical reports tell us and the media didn\u0027tFamily hangs hope for boy on unproven therapy in IndiaWhat the Chinese WantBugs Help Measure Impact of New Transoceanic Highway on AmazonFergus Bordewich: How the West Was Really WonChinese human rights activist Chen arrives in USHow Women Can Get Ahead: Advice From Female CEOsStay-At-Home Mom Fights New Credit Card RuleMinnesota same-sex marriage fight re-energized -- on both sidesCourt Docs: Martin Had Drugs in System; Shooting \"Avoidable\"Most popularColumn: I\u0027ll Have Another needs just another race to give racing first Triple ...John Travolta\u0027s Second Masseur Accuser: Identity RevealedComcast trying out Internet usage pricing, dropping capsBlind Chinese dissident who fled arrest arrives in U.S.In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet ...Obama Sees \u0027Emerging Consensus\u0027 on Eurozone Rescue, Promotes GrowthBest photos from around the countryAlberto is earliest-forming tropical storm in Atlantic since 2003Report: Terminator 3\u0027s Nick Stahl Reaches Out to FriendsChicago police accused of planting evidence in \u0027Molotov cocktail\u0027 plot","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesBlind Chinese activist arrives in US from BeijingAt Summit, a Struggle for Consensus on Economic WoesChicago protests on eve of NATO summit small, peaceful137th Preakness Stakes: I\u0027ll Have Another chases down Bodemeister to win ...SpaceX to try another rocket launch TuesdayPenalty Kicks Made and Missed Give Chelsea the TitleWorld »Syria: Bomb kills at least 9 near military complexBomb left outside school in Italy kills girl and injures sevenSri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa rejects calls to demilitarize former ...Obama, Hollande help tilt G8\u0027s balance to stimulusU.S. »NAACP Backs Same-Sex MarriageFamily and friends gather in NY for funeral of Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of ...Fire engulfs La. frat house, no serious injuriesWeather helps battle against Southwest wildfiresBusiness »G-8 Says Greece Should Stay in Euro as Differences LingerVacation? No thanks, bossElections »The missing issue in the presidential campaignRomney\u0027s Mormon faith runs silent, but deepIllinois GOP leaders choose ballot replacement for US Rep Tim JohnsonTechnology »Google gets China OK to buy MotorolaFacebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriendEntertainment »In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet ...Joel McHale \u0026 Community Cast Share Their Love for Axed Show Creator Dan HarmonAfter John Travolta lawsuit fizzles, questions about attorney remainSports »Triple Crown in view, I\u0027ll Have Another won\u0027t be overlooked anymoreDale Earnhardt Jr. wins his way into All-Star RaceDown by 24, Spurs Stay Perfect in PlayoffsBriscoe puts Team Penske back on Indy 500 poleNew York Rangers shut out New Jersey Devils, lead series 2-1 | HockeyScience »Ancient Turtle Was as Big as Small CarEclipse: Add Griffith Observatory, Greek Theater to traffic woesHealth »CDC Advises Baby Boomers To Take Hepatitis C TestDoubt Cast on the \u0027Good\u0027 in \u0027Good Cholesterol\u0027RecentGreater Portland » - Change locationEditors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 20 2011 2012 2013 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 20 2011 2012 2013APR MAY JUN202011 2012 201320,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories USA TODAY Blind Chinese activist arrives in US from Beijing USA TODAY - ?1 hour ago? By Calum McLeod, USA TODAY NEWARK, NJ - More than 22000 students from mainland China travel to the USA each year to further their education. Related Human rights » Shandong » rights activist Chen arrives in USCNN Blind Chinese dissident who fled arrest arrives in U.S.San Francisco Chronicle Opinion:America\u0027s Relationship With China\u0027s Power EliteNew York Times Wikipedia:Chen Guangcheng See all 1,272 sources » linktv linktvChen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law Chen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law - linktv Gothamist Gothamist Blind Chinese Dissident Will Land In The US Tonight Bloomberg Bloomberg Chinese Rights Activist Chen Guangcheng on Flight to US 7Online.com 7Online.com Chinese activist who fled house arrest lands in US Newsday Newsday Chinese activist arrives in U.S. New York Daily News New York Daily News Blind Chinese activist on his way to the United States BBC News BBC News China dissident Chen Guangcheng heads for US Sky Songs Sky Songs White House \u0027Welcomes\u0027 Chinese Dissident To US The Guardian The Guardian Chen Guangcheng has left China for US, say officials euronews euronews Blind Chinese activist gets passport, to leave soon for US – friend Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Blind Chinese Activist Departs for US CTV.ca CTV.ca China tightens restrictions on blind activist\u0027s family CBS News CBS News AP: Blind Chinest activisrt Chen on way to US New York Daily News New York Daily News Chen Guangcheng should have passport in 2 weeks Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Chen takes off for the US Politico Politico Blind Chinese activist leaves for US UPI.com UPI.com Chen leaves China, arrives in U.S. The Age The Age Chen embarks on flight to freedom CTV.ca CTV.ca Blind Chinese activist arrives in the US euronews euronews China “bars” blind dissident\u0027s family choice of lawyers ABC News ABC News Chen Guangcheng: Chinese Dissident Arrives US CBS News At Summit, a Struggle for Consensus on Economic Woes Wall Street Journal - ?48 minutes ago? By CAROL E. LEE, SUDEEP REDDY and STEPHEN FIDLER CAMP DAVID, Md. -- Leaders of the Group of Eight major economies ended a weekend summit in which they struggled with little success to find agreement on next steps to calm the euro zone debt crisis, ... Related G8 » At Camp David, world leaders agree on more spending to boost Europe\u0027s economyWashington Post World leaders back Greece, vow to combat financial turmoilReuters See all 2,134 sources » Telegraph.co.uk Chicago protests on eve of NATO summit small, peaceful Reuters - ?32 minutes ago? * Fears of violence so far unfounded * Biggest rally expected Sunday (Updates with demonstrations dispersing) By Mary Wisniewski and Andrew Stern CHICAGO, May 19 (Reuters) - Hundreds of demonstrators protested peacefully on Saturday on the eve of the ... Related NATO summit » Police: 3 terror suspects at NATO summit were plotting to hit Obama\u0027s campaign HQsCNN International Nato\u0027s missile defence shield \u0027up and running\u0027BBC News From Illinois:Echoes of Eurozone crisis at NATO meetingPeoria Journal Star Wikipedia:38th G8 summit See all 2,386 sources » TIME 137th Preakness Stakes: I\u0027ll Have Another chases down Bodemeister to win ... Washington Post - ?31 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - In a reprise of the Kentucky Derby\u0027s thrilling finish, I\u0027ll Have Another ran down the favored Bodemeister in the final furlong Saturday to win the 137th Preakness Stakes by a neck and keep alive his pursuit of horse racing\u0027s Triple Crown. Related Preakness Stakes » The Preakness » 2011 Kentucky Derby Results » Column: The Kind of Grit You Can\u0027t TeachABC News John Clay: I\u0027ll Have Another might have the stuff to win Triple CrownKansas City Star Opinion:Bodemeister up to Preakness challenge?Philadelphia Inquirer Wikipedia:I\u0027ll Have Another See all 2,601 sources » ABC News SpaceX to try another rocket launch Tuesday USA TODAY - ?1 hour ago? By James Dean, Florida Today CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- SpaceX expects to be ready to launch the first private spacecraft bound for the International Space Station early Tuesday, after its Falcon 9 rocket came within a split-second of blasting off ... Related SpaceX » International Space Station » NASA » SpaceX rocket launch aborted at last secondSan Francisco Chronicle SpaceX aborts first private launch to space stationLos Angeles Times Opinion:Private space travel: A new era begins?CNN International In Depth:SpaceX Says Faulty Valve Caused Mission AbortWall Street Journal See all 1,157 sources » New York Times Penalty Kicks Made and Missed Give Chelsea the Title New York Times - ?1 hour ago? MUNICH - Didier Drogba gave Chelsea life, then nearly caused its demise in the final of the European Champions League on Saturday night. Related FC Bayern Munich » Didier Drogba » Bavaria » Chelsea, luckiest team in footballMiamiHerald.com Home is where the heart achesESPN From Germany:Chelsea snatch victory over Bayern on penaltiesThe Local.de Live Updating:Champions League Final: Live ReportAFP See all 2,864 sources » World » BBC News Syria: Bomb kills at least 9 near military complex San Francisco Chronicle - ?23 minutes ago? Beirut -- A car bomb in the parking lot of a Syrian military compound killed at least nine people Saturday, the latest in increasingly frequent bombings in the country\u0027s major cities to attack the government\u0027s security services. Related Syria » Deir ez-Zor » Bashar al-Assad » Car bomb in eastern Syrian city kills 9The Associated Press Syrian Car Bomb Leaves At Least 9 DeadKRIS Corpus Christi News From Syria:terrorist Explosion in Deir Ezzor Claims Lives of Nine Martyrs, Scores of InjuriesSyrian Radio \u0026 TV Online In Depth:Suicide blast hits Syria as G8 calls for end to violenceTimes of India Wikipedia:2012 Deir ez-Zor bombing See all 414 sources » Globe and Mail Bomb left outside school in Italy kills girl and injures seven The Guardian - ?2 hours ago? A bomb that killed a teenage girl outside a school in Brindisi on Saturday has been blamed on the mafia by local politicians and condemned as one of Italy\u0027s most barbaric acts of violence. Related Mafia » Brindisi » Southern Italy » Blast near Italy school kills studentTimes of India Italian school bombing that kills girl, 16, triggers protestsToronto Star From Italy:Bomb explodes in front of a school in Brindisi, girl deadAgenzia Giornalistica Italia In Depth:Bomb kills 1 student, wounds 7 in ItalyThe Associated Press Wikipedia:2012 Brindisi school bombing See all 617 sources » The Hindu Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa rejects calls to demilitarize former ... Washington Post - ?8 hours ago? COLOMBO, Sri Lanka - Sri Lanka\u0027s president rejected international calls to remove military camps in the former northern war zone, as the island nation marked the third anniversary of the end of its civil war. Related Sarath Fonseka » Sri Lanka » Mahinda Rajapaksa » Sri Lanka celebrates end of war anniversaryThe Associated Press Sri Lanka\u0027s Fonseka to be freedChannel News Asia From Sri Lanka:* Court grants bail to Sri Lanka\u0027s jailed ex-Army commanderColombo Page Opinion:Winning Sri Lanka\u0027s PeaceWall Street Journal See all 467 sources » Globe and Mail Obama, Hollande help tilt G8\u0027s balance to stimulus Globe and Mail - ?1 hour ago? The most notable thing about the Group of Eight Summit in Maryland on Friday and Saturday was the recognition that austerity isn\u0027ta universal cure for what ails the global economy, especially Europe. Related Francois Hollande » Nicolas Sarkozy » France\u0027s Hollande: Learned At G-8 Not Alone To Back Eurobonds At EU SummitWall Street Journal Diplomatic marathon: G8 focusing on Greece; NATO, on AfghanistanCNN From France:French press review 19 May 2012RFI See all 959 sources » More World stories U.S. » CBS News NAACP Backs Same-Sex Marriage Wall Street Journal - ?38 minutes ago? AP The NAACP passed a resolution Saturday endorsing same-sex marriage as a civil right and opposing any efforts \"to codify discrimination or hatred into the law. Related Same-sex marriage » National Association for the Advancement of Colored People » NAACP endorses same-sex marriage as civil rightSan Francisco Chronicle NAACP endorses same-sex marriage, says it\u0027s a civil rightLos Angeles Times Highly Cited:NAACP Endorses Same-Sex MarriageNew York Times (blog) See all 227 sources » Globe and Mail Family and friends gather in NY for funeral of Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of ... Washington Post - ?1 hour ago? BEDFORD, NY - Family and friends gathered Saturday at a modest stone church in a hamlet north of New York City for the funeral of Mary Richardson Kennedy, the latest member of that charmed and cursed family to fall victim to tragedy and inner demons. Related Robert F. Kennedy Jr. » Friends, stars mourn Mary Kennedy in BedfordStamford Advocate A Kennedy Is Remembered for Struggles, and WarmthNew York Times See all 2,431 sources » WTSP 10 News Fire engulfs La. frat house, no serious injuries CBS News - ?1 hour ago? RUSTON, La. - A fire has gutted a Louisiana Tech University fraternity house, resulting in minor injuries to three firefighters but none to students. LA Tech frat house in Ruston burns to groundShreveport Times See all 113 sources » Related: Louisiana Tech University » Tim Parker » Pi Kappa Alpha » ABC News Weather helps battle against Southwest wildfires Chicago Tribune - ?50 minutes ago? PHOENIX (Reuters) - Improving weather helped firefighters in Arizona make progress on Saturday against wildfires that have charred more than 65 square miles (168 square km) of forest, brush and grass in the US Southwest and forced the evacuation of ... Related Crown King, Arizona » The Blaze » Square mile » Cool weather aids in fight against Colo. wildfireThe Associated Press Hewlett Fire: 85% Contained, 7685 AcresKUNC Highly Cited:Mining town of Cleator takes in Gladiator Fire evacueesArizona Republic From Arizona:Gladiator Fire approaches 13000 acres in sizePrescott Daily Courier See all 412 sources » More U.S. stories Business » Bloomberg G-8 Says Greece Should Stay in Euro as Differences Linger Bloomberg - ?5 hours ago? Leaders of the Group of Eight nations pushed for Greece to stay in the euro area and supported boosting growth, even as an increasingly isolated Germany said Europe can\u0027t spend its way out of the debt crisis. Related Eurozone » Angela Merkel » Euro » Europe\u0027s stricken banks wait for a rescue that never seems to comeThe Guardian A Greek Exit? Euro Zone May Be ReadyCNBC.com From Greece:Tsipras on CNN: \u0027We are going directly to hell\"Kathimerini Opinion:Paul Vallely: Greek lessons that Cameron really should heedThe Independent See all 1,481 sources » My Fox 8 Vacation? No thanks, boss CNNMoney - ?May 18, 2012? By Annalyn Censky @CNNMoney May 18, 2012: 5:48 AM ET Unlike many other nations, the US does not require companies to offer paid time off to workers. Related Libby Bierman » America: The \"no vacation nation\"ActionNewsJax.com Limited VacationsWTVY, Dothan See all 34 sources » More Business stories Elections » ABC News The missing issue in the presidential campaign Washington Post - ?6 hours ago? Big issues are on the table as President Obama and Republican Mitt Romney begin the general election campaign: jobs and the economy, the future of health care, taxes, spending, the size and scope of government. Related Mitt Romney » Mitt Romney chides stimulus spending at NH \u0027bridge to nowhere\u0027Los Angeles Times At \u0027bridge to nowhere,\u0027 Romney slams Obama on economyReuters Featured:Romney Got A Huge Fundraising Boost In April, And Is Already Almost Raising As ...Business Insider Opinion:Who is the real jobs killer -- Obama or Romney?Fox News In Depth:Romney Supporters Hopeful About New HampshireNew York Times See all 2,609 sources » ABC News Romney\u0027s Mormon faith runs silent, but deep San Jose Mercury News - ?2 hours ago? By Jodi Kantor BELMONT, Mass. -- When Mitt Romney embarked on his first political race in 1994, he also slipped into a humble new role in the Mormon congregation he once led. Related Mitt Romney » Mormon » The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints » Paul Ryan is suffering from veepstakes fatigueABC News Study: Romney\u0027s Mormon faith could help himCBS News Highly Cited:Americans Don\u0027t Know Anything About Romney\u0027s ReligionBuzzFeed Opinion:Church ed or state ed?Salt Lake Tribune See all 27 sources » Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette Illinois GOP leaders choose ballot replacement for US Rep Tim Johnson Washington Post - ?30 minutes ago? SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - Illinois Republican leaders have chosen a November ballot replacement for longtime Republican US Rep. Tim Johnson after he abruptly announced his retirement last month. Related Tim Johnson » Rodney Davis » GOP chooses Davis for US Rep. Tim Johnson\u0027s seatNOLA.com GOP picks ballot candidate for US Rep Tim JohnsonSan Francisco Chronicle From Illinois:GOP chooses Davis for U.S. Rep. Tim Johnson\u0027s seatPeoria Journal Star See all 57 sources » More Elections stories Technology » AFP Google gets China OK to buy Motorola USA TODAY - ?55 minutes ago? NEW YORK (AP) - Authorities in China have approved Google Inc.\u0027s bid to buy phone maker Motorola Mobility, clearing the way for the $12.5 billion deal to close early next week. Related Motorola Mobility » Search Engines » Google says it has China\u0027s approval for Motorola dealReuters Google gets China OK to buy Motorola MobilityChicago Sun-Times In Depth:China to Google: Android must remain openCNET See all 161 sources » USA TODAY Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend USA TODAY - ?39 minutes ago? PALO ALTO, Calif. (AP) - Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg updated his status to \"married\" on Saturday. AP Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his girlfriend Priscilla Chan tour a street in downtown Shanghai on March 27. Related Mark Zuckerberg » Priscilla Chan » Marriage » Facebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriendLos Angeles Times Facebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg Marries SweetheartABC News Highly Cited:Mark Zuckerberg Ties the KnotNew York Times (blog) - by Nick Bilton (in 1,055,553 Google+ circles) Wikipedia:Facebook See all 160 sources » More Technology stories Entertainment » Sydney Morning Herald In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet ... Washington Post (blog) - ?26 minutes ago? Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox. In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet (video) By The Reliable Source In this image taken from AP video, ... Related Will Smith » Sucker Punch » Will Smith slaps journalist who tries to kiss himOcala Smith slaps journalistMonterey County Herald Highly Cited:Will Smith ATTACKS Affectionate ReporterTMZ.com See all 582 sources » E! Online Joel McHale \u0026 Community Cast Share Their Love for Axed Show Creator Dan Harmon E! Online - ?1 hour ago? Kim Sizzles in London! Plus, Marion Cotillard, Nina Dobrev and more. Rate all the highs and lows! There sure is a lot of community within the Community cast! Related Dan Harmon » Show runner » David Guarascio » \u0027Community\u0027: Fired creator Dan Harmon attacks NBC chiefLos Angeles Times (blog) \u0027Community\u0027 Castmembers Express Solidarity With Show\u0027s Ousted Creator Dan HarmonHollywood Reporter Highly Cited:Dan Harmon Is No Longer Showrunner on CommunityVulture In Depth:Community Without Dan Harmon? Suits Axe Auteur, and Fans LoseTIME Wikipedia:Community See all 54 sources » Us Magazine After John Travolta lawsuit fizzles, questions about attorney remain Los Angeles Times - ?5 hours ago? Tawdry allegations about John Travolta became a sensation after they appeared in a lawsuit. But the accusers soon withdrew the suit, leaving questions about their attorney and how the matter got so much publicity. Related John Travolta » John Doe » John Travolta\u0027s Second Masseur Accuser: Identity RevealedE! Online John Travolta\u0027s Alleged Groping Victim in Atlanta RevealedLAist Highly Cited:Travolta sexual battery lawsuit withdrawn, but case may go onCNN See all 193 sources » More Entertainment stories Sports » The Associated Press Triple Crown in view, I\u0027ll Have Another won\u0027t be overlooked anymore SI.com - ?1 hour ago? Maybe now people will start respecting I\u0027ll Have Another. Maybe now they\u0027ll no longer underestimate the undersized chestnut colt with the big heart -- the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner who has a chance to make horse racing history. Related Horse racing » Triple Crown Dreams Often Dashed at BelmontABC News I\u0027ll Take Another noses out Bodemeister, winning the Preakness, heading for ...Washington Times See all 58 sources » USA TODAY Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins his way into All-Star Race USA TODAY - ?50 minutes ago? By Sam Sharpe, US Presswire Dale Earnhardt Jr., pictured, and AJ Allmendinger raced their way into the Sprint All-Star Race on Saturday night. Related NASCAR » ALL-STAR: Earnhardt Jr. Wins ShowdownFox News France: NASCAR studying ways to improve racingSan Francisco Chronicle See all 550 sources » USA TODAY Down by 24, Spurs Stay Perfect in Playoffs New York Times - ?36 minutes ago? LOS ANGELES - Blake Griffin soared for a time Saturday, lifting the Los Angeles Clippers just high enough to induce altitude sickness, and making the inevitable crash that much more spectacular. Related Los Angeles Clippers » Blake Griffin » San Antonio Spurs » San Antonio takes 3-0 series lead over Los Angeles Clippers | NBA playoffsThe Seattle Times Spurs-Clippers PreviewCBSSports.com From California:Clippers impressed by Spurs\u0027 composure in Game 3Los Angeles Times From Texas:Spurs beat Clippers 96-86 to take 3-0 series leadHouston Chronicle See all 1,350 sources » CBSSports.com Briscoe puts Team Penske back on Indy 500 pole CBSSports.com - ?54 minutes ago? Briscoe was the surprise winner of his first Indy pole with a four-lap average of 226.484 mph. He completed the 10-mile qualification run .0023 seconds quicker than James Hinchcliffe. Related Indianapolis 500 » Ryan Briscoe » Tony Kanaan » Hunter-Reay, Hinchcliffe join pole winner Briscoe in first rowMiamiHerald.com Motor racing-Briscoe claims pole position for Indy 500Chicago Tribune From Indiana:Ryan Briscoe wins pole position for 2012 Indy 500Indianapolis Star Opinion:It\u0027s Briscoe\u0027s day, but Hinchcliffe an Indy star in makingUSA TODAY See all 239 sources » CBC.ca New York Rangers shut out New Jersey Devils, lead series 2-1 | Hockey The Seattle Times - ?15 minutes ago? Henrik Lundqvist made 36 saves to help the New York Rangers beat New Jersey 3-0 and take a 2-1 series lead over the Devils in the best-of-seven Eastern Conference final. Related New Jersey Devils » Martin Brodeur » Ilya Kovalchuk » 5 stories, including Lundqvist gives Devils deja-vuCBC.ca Power play fails Devils in Game 3FOXSports.com From New Jersey:D\u0027Alessandro: Rangers in zone with Henrik Lundqvist behind themThe Star-Ledger - NJ.com From New York:Rangers Get Out of Way and Let Lundqvist Win GameNew York Times Opinion:Kovalchuk outshining Gaborik in Eastern finalUSA TODAY In Depth:Lundqvist Blanks DevilsESPN See all 998 sources » More Sports stories Science » CBS News Ancient Turtle Was as Big as Small Car LiveScience.com - ?May 17, 2012? A turtle the size of a small car once roamed what is now South America 60 million years ago, suggests its fossilized remains. Discovered in a coal mine in Colombia in 2005, the turtle was given the name Carbonemys cofrinii, which means \"coal turtle. Related Turtle » Paleontology » Giant Turtle Ate Crocodiles for Dinner, Scientists SayFox News Researchers find fossil of a turtle that was size of a Smart carLos Angeles Times In Depth:Huge Turtle Was Titanoboa\u0027s NeighborWired News - by Brian Switek (in 2,637 Google+ circles) See all 40 sources » ABC News Eclipse: Add Griffith Observatory, Greek Theater to traffic woes Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? Add Griffith Observatory and the Greek Theater to Los Angeles\u0027 traffic woes on Sunday -- the same day as the partial solar eclipse. Related Solar eclipse » Ring of Fire » This eclipse runs a ring around the othersSacramento Bee Ring of Fire: How Japan sees itRF DesignLine In Depth:How to photograph a solar eclipseUSA TODAY See all 791 sources » More Science stories Health » Daily Gossip CDC Advises Baby Boomers To Take Hepatitis C Test Daily Gossip - ?2 hours ago? If some decades ago, hepatitis C was a pretty challenging disease, nowadays medicine can handle it better. With that in mind, the CDC is advising baby boomers to take the hepatitis C test. Related Hepatocellular carcinoma » Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Hepatitis C » CDC proposing one-time test for hepatitis C for all baby boomers; more than 2 ...Washington Post US baby boomers urged to take hepatitis C blood testBBC News In Depth:CDC urges Boomers to get tested for hepatitis CUSA TODAY Wikipedia:Hepatitis C See all 349 sources » CBC.ca Doubt Cast on the \u0027Good\u0027 in \u0027Good Cholesterol\u0027 New York Times - ?May 16, 2012? The name alone sounds so encouraging: HDL, the “good cholesterol.” The more of it in your blood, the lower your risk of heart disease. Related Cholesterol » Myocardial infarction » Raising HDL Levels May Not Lower Heart Attack RiskWebMD \u0027Good\u0027 Cholesterol May Not Be That GoodMedPage Today In Depth:Study questions whether raising “good\" cholesterol reduces heart attack riskBoston.com See all 88 sources » More Health stories Recent Facebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart, Priscilla Chan msnbc.com - ?22 minutes ago? Fire risk prompts recall of nearly 87000 Jeeps USA TODAY - ?29 minutes ago? Another Thriller, and More Believers New York Times - ?43 minutes ago? Greater Portland » - Change location City, State, or Zip Code: Automatically determine my geographic area   Miami likely soccer hub for Al Jazeera MiamiHerald.com - ?2 hours ago? Police: Wash. man ran synthetic drug ring The Seattle Times - ?3 hours ago? Writer Leni Zumas captures her \u0027dream job\u0027 with PSU OregonLive.com - ?5 hours ago? Editors\u0027 Picks Most popular baby names have biblical origins Elizabeth Tenety Camp David and Thurmont: A mountain shared, a world apart Dan Zak JPMorgan Chase hit with class-action lawsuit over $2B in trading losses Jia Lynn Yang 360-degree panoramas Washington Post Staff Learn more Spotlight » Getting to Retirement With Minimal Financial Risk New York Times Paul Rusconi, Malibu Artist, Cleared Of Allegations Of Raping His Twin ... Huffington Post What Zimmerman, Martin medical reports tell us and the media didn\u0027t Fox News Family hangs hope for boy on unproven therapy in India CNN What the Chinese Want Wall Street Journal Bugs Help Measure Impact of New Transoceanic Highway on Amazon National Geographic Fergus Bordewich: How the West Was Really Won Wall Street Journal Chinese human rights activist Chen arrives in US CNN How Women Can Get Ahead: Advice From Female CEOs Wall Street Journal Stay-At-Home Mom Fights New Credit Card Rule DailyFinance Minnesota same-sex marriage fight re-energized -- on both sides CNN Court Docs: Martin Had Drugs in System; Shooting \"Avoidable\" Slate Magazine Most popular Column: I\u0027ll Have Another needs just another race to give racing first Triple ... Washington Post - ?34 minutes ago? John Travolta\u0027s Second Masseur Accuser: Identity Revealed E! Online - ?5 hours ago? Comcast trying out Internet usage pricing, dropping caps msnbc.com - ?May 17, 2012? Blind Chinese dissident who fled arrest arrives in U.S. San Francisco Chronicle - ?23 minutes ago? In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet ... Washington Post (blog) - ?26 minutes ago? Obama Sees \u0027Emerging Consensus\u0027 on Eurozone Rescue, Promotes Growth ABC News (blog) - ?38 minutes ago? Best photos from around the country Houston Chronicle - ?39 minutes ago? Alberto is earliest-forming tropical storm in Atlantic since 2003 Washington Post (blog) - ?3 hours ago? Report: Terminator 3\u0027s Nick Stahl Reaches Out to Friends Seattle Post Intelligencer - ?2 hours ago? Chicago police accused of planting evidence in \u0027Molotov cocktail\u0027 plot The Guardian - ?49 minutes ago?USA TODAY Blind Chinese activist arrives in US from Beijing USA TODAY - ?1 hour ago? By Calum McLeod, USA TODAY NEWARK, NJ - More than 22000 students from mainland China travel to the USA each year to further their education. Related Human rights » Shandong » rights activist Chen arrives in USCNN Blind Chinese dissident who fled arrest arrives in U.S.San Francisco Chronicle Opinion:America\u0027s Relationship With China\u0027s Power EliteNew York Times Wikipedia:Chen Guangcheng See all 1,272 sources »linktv linktvChen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law Chen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law - linktv Gothamist Gothamist Blind Chinese Dissident Will Land In The US Tonight Bloomberg Bloomberg Chinese Rights Activist Chen Guangcheng on Flight to US 7Online.com 7Online.com Chinese activist who fled house arrest lands in US Newsday Newsday Chinese activist arrives in U.S. New York Daily News New York Daily News Blind Chinese activist on his way to the United States BBC News BBC News China dissident Chen Guangcheng heads for US Sky Songs Sky Songs White House \u0027Welcomes\u0027 Chinese Dissident To US The Guardian The Guardian Chen Guangcheng has left China for US, say officials euronews euronews Blind Chinese activist gets passport, to leave soon for US – friend Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Blind Chinese Activist Departs for US CTV.ca CTV.ca China tightens restrictions on blind activist\u0027s family CBS News CBS News AP: Blind Chinest activisrt Chen on way to US New York Daily News New York Daily News Chen Guangcheng should have passport in 2 weeks Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Chen takes off for the US Politico Politico Blind Chinese activist leaves for US UPI.com UPI.com Chen leaves China, arrives in U.S. The Age The Age Chen embarks on flight to freedom CTV.ca CTV.ca Blind Chinese activist arrives in the US euronews euronews China “bars” blind dissident\u0027s family choice of lawyers ABC News ABC News Chen Guangcheng: Chinese Dissident Arrives USlinktv linktvChen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law Chen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law - linktv Gothamist Gothamist Blind Chinese Dissident Will Land In The US Tonight Bloomberg Bloomberg Chinese Rights Activist Chen Guangcheng on Flight to US 7Online.com 7Online.com Chinese activist who fled house arrest lands in US Newsday Newsday Chinese activist arrives in U.S. New York Daily News New York Daily News Blind Chinese activist on his way to the United States BBC News BBC News China dissident Chen Guangcheng heads for US Sky Songs Sky Songs White House \u0027Welcomes\u0027 Chinese Dissident To US The Guardian The Guardian Chen Guangcheng has left China for US, say officials euronews euronews Blind Chinese activist gets passport, to leave soon for US – friend Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Blind Chinese Activist Departs for US CTV.ca CTV.ca China tightens restrictions on blind activist\u0027s family CBS News CBS News AP: Blind Chinest activisrt Chen on way to US New York Daily News New York Daily News Chen Guangcheng should have passport in 2 weeks Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Chen takes off for the US Politico Politico Blind Chinese activist leaves for US UPI.com UPI.com Chen leaves China, arrives in U.S. The Age The Age Chen embarks on flight to freedom CTV.ca CTV.ca Blind Chinese activist arrives in the US euronews euronews China “bars” blind dissident\u0027s family choice of lawyers ABC News ABC News Chen Guangcheng: Chinese Dissident Arrives USChen Case Exposes Beijing\u0027s \u0027Blind Eye\u0027 to Rule of Law - linktvCBS News At Summit, a Struggle for Consensus on Economic Woes Wall Street Journal - ?48 minutes ago? By CAROL E. LEE, SUDEEP REDDY and STEPHEN FIDLER CAMP DAVID, Md. -- Leaders of the Group of Eight major economies ended a weekend summit in which they struggled with little success to find agreement on next steps to calm the euro zone debt crisis, ... Related G8 » At Camp David, world leaders agree on more spending to boost Europe\u0027s economyWashington Post World leaders back Greece, vow to combat financial turmoilReuters See all 2,134 sources »Telegraph.co.uk Chicago protests on eve of NATO summit small, peaceful Reuters - ?32 minutes ago? * Fears of violence so far unfounded * Biggest rally expected Sunday (Updates with demonstrations dispersing) By Mary Wisniewski and Andrew Stern CHICAGO, May 19 (Reuters) - Hundreds of demonstrators protested peacefully on Saturday on the eve of the ... Related NATO summit » Police: 3 terror suspects at NATO summit were plotting to hit Obama\u0027s campaign HQsCNN International Nato\u0027s missile defence shield \u0027up and running\u0027BBC News From Illinois:Echoes of Eurozone crisis at NATO meetingPeoria Journal Star Wikipedia:38th G8 summit See all 2,386 sources »TIME 137th Preakness Stakes: I\u0027ll Have Another chases down Bodemeister to win ... Washington Post - ?31 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - In a reprise of the Kentucky Derby\u0027s thrilling finish, I\u0027ll Have Another ran down the favored Bodemeister in the final furlong Saturday to win the 137th Preakness Stakes by a neck and keep alive his pursuit of horse racing\u0027s Triple Crown. Related Preakness Stakes » The Preakness » 2011 Kentucky Derby Results » Column: The Kind of Grit You Can\u0027t TeachABC News John Clay: I\u0027ll Have Another might have the stuff to win Triple CrownKansas City Star Opinion:Bodemeister up to Preakness challenge?Philadelphia Inquirer Wikipedia:I\u0027ll Have Another See all 2,601 sources »ABC News SpaceX to try another rocket launch Tuesday USA TODAY - ?1 hour ago? By James Dean, Florida Today CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- SpaceX expects to be ready to launch the first private spacecraft bound for the International Space Station early Tuesday, after its Falcon 9 rocket came within a split-second of blasting off ... Related SpaceX » International Space Station » NASA » SpaceX rocket launch aborted at last secondSan Francisco Chronicle SpaceX aborts first private launch to space stationLos Angeles Times Opinion:Private space travel: A new era begins?CNN International In Depth:SpaceX Says Faulty Valve Caused Mission AbortWall Street Journal See all 1,157 sources »New York Times Penalty Kicks Made and Missed Give Chelsea the Title New York Times - ?1 hour ago? MUNICH - Didier Drogba gave Chelsea life, then nearly caused its demise in the final of the European Champions League on Saturday night. Related FC Bayern Munich » Didier Drogba » Bavaria » Chelsea, luckiest team in footballMiamiHerald.com Home is where the heart achesESPN From Germany:Chelsea snatch victory over Bayern on penaltiesThe Local.de Live Updating:Champions League Final: Live ReportAFP See all 2,864 sources »BBC News Syria: Bomb kills at least 9 near military complex San Francisco Chronicle - ?23 minutes ago? Beirut -- A car bomb in the parking lot of a Syrian military compound killed at least nine people Saturday, the latest in increasingly frequent bombings in the country\u0027s major cities to attack the government\u0027s security services. Related Syria » Deir ez-Zor » Bashar al-Assad » Car bomb in eastern Syrian city kills 9The Associated Press Syrian Car Bomb Leaves At Least 9 DeadKRIS Corpus Christi News From Syria:terrorist Explosion in Deir Ezzor Claims Lives of Nine Martyrs, Scores of InjuriesSyrian Radio \u0026 TV Online In Depth:Suicide blast hits Syria as G8 calls for end to violenceTimes of India Wikipedia:2012 Deir ez-Zor bombing See all 414 sources »Globe and Mail Bomb left outside school in Italy kills girl and injures seven The Guardian - ?2 hours ago? A bomb that killed a teenage girl outside a school in Brindisi on Saturday has been blamed on the mafia by local politicians and condemned as one of Italy\u0027s most barbaric acts of violence. Related Mafia » Brindisi » Southern Italy » Blast near Italy school kills studentTimes of India Italian school bombing that kills girl, 16, triggers protestsToronto Star From Italy:Bomb explodes in front of a school in Brindisi, girl deadAgenzia Giornalistica Italia In Depth:Bomb kills 1 student, wounds 7 in ItalyThe Associated Press Wikipedia:2012 Brindisi school bombing See all 617 sources »The Hindu Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa rejects calls to demilitarize former ... Washington Post - ?8 hours ago? COLOMBO, Sri Lanka - Sri Lanka\u0027s president rejected international calls to remove military camps in the former northern war zone, as the island nation marked the third anniversary of the end of its civil war. Related Sarath Fonseka » Sri Lanka » Mahinda Rajapaksa » Sri Lanka celebrates end of war anniversaryThe Associated Press Sri Lanka\u0027s Fonseka to be freedChannel News Asia From Sri Lanka:* Court grants bail to Sri Lanka\u0027s jailed ex-Army commanderColombo Page Opinion:Winning Sri Lanka\u0027s PeaceWall Street Journal See all 467 sources »Globe and Mail Obama, Hollande help tilt G8\u0027s balance to stimulus Globe and Mail - ?1 hour ago? The most notable thing about the Group of Eight Summit in Maryland on Friday and Saturday was the recognition that austerity isn\u0027ta universal cure for what ails the global economy, especially Europe. Related Francois Hollande » Nicolas Sarkozy » France\u0027s Hollande: Learned At G-8 Not Alone To Back Eurobonds At EU SummitWall Street Journal Diplomatic marathon: G8 focusing on Greece; NATO, on AfghanistanCNN From France:French press review 19 May 2012RFI See all 959 sources »CBS News NAACP Backs Same-Sex Marriage Wall Street Journal - ?38 minutes ago? AP The NAACP passed a resolution Saturday endorsing same-sex marriage as a civil right and opposing any efforts \"to codify discrimination or hatred into the law. Related Same-sex marriage » National Association for the Advancement of Colored People » NAACP endorses same-sex marriage as civil rightSan Francisco Chronicle NAACP endorses same-sex marriage, says it\u0027s a civil rightLos Angeles Times Highly Cited:NAACP Endorses Same-Sex MarriageNew York Times (blog) See all 227 sources »Globe and Mail Family and friends gather in NY for funeral of Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of ... Washington Post - ?1 hour ago? BEDFORD, NY - Family and friends gathered Saturday at a modest stone church in a hamlet north of New York City for the funeral of Mary Richardson Kennedy, the latest member of that charmed and cursed family to fall victim to tragedy and inner demons. Related Robert F. Kennedy Jr. » Friends, stars mourn Mary Kennedy in BedfordStamford Advocate A Kennedy Is Remembered for Struggles, and WarmthNew York Times See all 2,431 sources »WTSP 10 News Fire engulfs La. frat house, no serious injuries CBS News - ?1 hour ago? RUSTON, La. - A fire has gutted a Louisiana Tech University fraternity house, resulting in minor injuries to three firefighters but none to students. LA Tech frat house in Ruston burns to groundShreveport Times See all 113 sources » Related: Louisiana Tech University » Tim Parker » Pi Kappa Alpha »ABC News Weather helps battle against Southwest wildfires Chicago Tribune - ?50 minutes ago? PHOENIX (Reuters) - Improving weather helped firefighters in Arizona make progress on Saturday against wildfires that have charred more than 65 square miles (168 square km) of forest, brush and grass in the US Southwest and forced the evacuation of ... Related Crown King, Arizona » The Blaze » Square mile » Cool weather aids in fight against Colo. wildfireThe Associated Press Hewlett Fire: 85% Contained, 7685 AcresKUNC Highly Cited:Mining town of Cleator takes in Gladiator Fire evacueesArizona Republic From Arizona:Gladiator Fire approaches 13000 acres in sizePrescott Daily Courier See all 412 sources »Bloomberg G-8 Says Greece Should Stay in Euro as Differences Linger Bloomberg - ?5 hours ago? Leaders of the Group of Eight nations pushed for Greece to stay in the euro area and supported boosting growth, even as an increasingly isolated Germany said Europe can\u0027t spend its way out of the debt crisis. Related Eurozone » Angela Merkel » Euro » Europe\u0027s stricken banks wait for a rescue that never seems to comeThe Guardian A Greek Exit? Euro Zone May Be ReadyCNBC.com From Greece:Tsipras on CNN: \u0027We are going directly to hell\"Kathimerini Opinion:Paul Vallely: Greek lessons that Cameron really should heedThe Independent See all 1,481 sources »My Fox 8 Vacation? No thanks, boss CNNMoney - ?May 18, 2012? By Annalyn Censky @CNNMoney May 18, 2012: 5:48 AM ET Unlike many other nations, the US does not require companies to offer paid time off to workers. Related Libby Bierman » America: The \"no vacation nation\"ActionNewsJax.com Limited VacationsWTVY, Dothan See all 34 sources »ABC News The missing issue in the presidential campaign Washington Post - ?6 hours ago? Big issues are on the table as President Obama and Republican Mitt Romney begin the general election campaign: jobs and the economy, the future of health care, taxes, spending, the size and scope of government. Related Mitt Romney » Mitt Romney chides stimulus spending at NH \u0027bridge to nowhere\u0027Los Angeles Times At \u0027bridge to nowhere,\u0027 Romney slams Obama on economyReuters Featured:Romney Got A Huge Fundraising Boost In April, And Is Already Almost Raising As ...Business Insider Opinion:Who is the real jobs killer -- Obama or Romney?Fox News In Depth:Romney Supporters Hopeful About New HampshireNew York Times See all 2,609 sources »ABC News Romney\u0027s Mormon faith runs silent, but deep San Jose Mercury News - ?2 hours ago? By Jodi Kantor BELMONT, Mass. -- When Mitt Romney embarked on his first political race in 1994, he also slipped into a humble new role in the Mormon congregation he once led. Related Mitt Romney » Mormon » The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints » Paul Ryan is suffering from veepstakes fatigueABC News Study: Romney\u0027s Mormon faith could help himCBS News Highly Cited:Americans Don\u0027t Know Anything About Romney\u0027s ReligionBuzzFeed Opinion:Church ed or state ed?Salt Lake Tribune See all 27 sources »Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette Illinois GOP leaders choose ballot replacement for US Rep Tim Johnson Washington Post - ?30 minutes ago? SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - Illinois Republican leaders have chosen a November ballot replacement for longtime Republican US Rep. Tim Johnson after he abruptly announced his retirement last month. Related Tim Johnson » Rodney Davis » GOP chooses Davis for US Rep. Tim Johnson\u0027s seatNOLA.com GOP picks ballot candidate for US Rep Tim JohnsonSan Francisco Chronicle From Illinois:GOP chooses Davis for U.S. Rep. Tim Johnson\u0027s seatPeoria Journal Star See all 57 sources »AFP Google gets China OK to buy Motorola USA TODAY - ?55 minutes ago? NEW YORK (AP) - Authorities in China have approved Google Inc.\u0027s bid to buy phone maker Motorola Mobility, clearing the way for the $12.5 billion deal to close early next week. Related Motorola Mobility » Search Engines » Google says it has China\u0027s approval for Motorola dealReuters Google gets China OK to buy Motorola MobilityChicago Sun-Times In Depth:China to Google: Android must remain openCNET See all 161 sources »USA TODAY Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend USA TODAY - ?39 minutes ago? PALO ALTO, Calif. (AP) - Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg updated his status to \"married\" on Saturday. AP Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his girlfriend Priscilla Chan tour a street in downtown Shanghai on March 27. Related Mark Zuckerberg » Priscilla Chan » Marriage » Facebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriendLos Angeles Times Facebook\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg Marries SweetheartABC News Highly Cited:Mark Zuckerberg Ties the KnotNew York Times (blog) - by Nick Bilton (in 1,055,553 Google+ circles) Wikipedia:Facebook See all 160 sources »Sydney Morning Herald In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet ... Washington Post (blog) - ?26 minutes ago? Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox. In other news. . .: Will Smith is latest star to slap someone on red carpet (video) By The Reliable Source In this image taken from AP video, ... Related Will Smith » Sucker Punch » Will Smith slaps journalist who tries to kiss himOcala Smith slaps journalistMonterey County Herald Highly Cited:Will Smith ATTACKS Affectionate ReporterTMZ.com See all 582 sources »E! Online Joel McHale \u0026 Community Cast Share Their Love for Axed Show Creator Dan Harmon E! Online - ?1 hour ago? Kim Sizzles in London! Plus, Marion Cotillard, Nina Dobrev and more. Rate all the highs and lows! There sure is a lot of community within the Community cast! Related Dan Harmon » Show runner » David Guarascio » \u0027Community\u0027: Fired creator Dan Harmon attacks NBC chiefLos Angeles Times (blog) \u0027Community\u0027 Castmembers Express Solidarity With Show\u0027s Ousted Creator Dan HarmonHollywood Reporter Highly Cited:Dan Harmon Is No Longer Showrunner on CommunityVulture In Depth:Community Without Dan Harmon? Suits Axe Auteur, and Fans LoseTIME Wikipedia:Community See all 54 sources »Us Magazine After John Travolta lawsuit fizzles, questions about attorney remain Los Angeles Times - ?5 hours ago? Tawdry allegations about John Travolta became a sensation after they appeared in a lawsuit. But the accusers soon withdrew the suit, leaving questions about their attorney and how the matter got so much publicity. Related John Travolta » John Doe » John Travolta\u0027s Second Masseur Accuser: Identity RevealedE! Online John Travolta\u0027s Alleged Groping Victim in Atlanta RevealedLAist Highly Cited:Travolta sexual battery lawsuit withdrawn, but case may go onCNN See all 193 sources »The Associated Press Triple Crown in view, I\u0027ll Have Another won\u0027t be overlooked anymore SI.com - ?1 hour ago? Maybe now people will start respecting I\u0027ll Have Another. Maybe now they\u0027ll no longer underestimate the undersized chestnut colt with the big heart -- the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner who has a chance to make horse racing history. Related Horse racing » Triple Crown Dreams Often Dashed at BelmontABC News I\u0027ll Take Another noses out Bodemeister, winning the Preakness, heading for ...Washington Times See all 58 sources »USA TODAY Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins his way into All-Star Race USA TODAY - ?50 minutes ago? By Sam Sharpe, US Presswire Dale Earnhardt Jr., pictured, and AJ Allmendinger raced their way into the Sprint All-Star Race on Saturday night. Related NASCAR » ALL-STAR: Earnhardt Jr. Wins ShowdownFox News France: NASCAR studying ways to improve racingSan Francisco Chronicle See all 550 sources »USA TODAY Down by 24, Spurs Stay Perfect in Playoffs New York Times - ?36 minutes ago? LOS ANGELES - Blake Griffin soared for a time Saturday, lifting the Los Angeles Clippers just high enough to induce altitude sickness, and making the inevitable crash that much more spectacular. Related Los Angeles Clippers » Blake Griffin » San Antonio Spurs » San Antonio takes 3-0 series lead over Los Angeles Clippers | NBA playoffsThe Seattle Times Spurs-Clippers PreviewCBSSports.com From California:Clippers impressed by Spurs\u0027 composure in Game 3Los Angeles Times From Texas:Spurs beat Clippers 96-86 to take 3-0 series leadHouston Chronicle See all 1,350 sources »CBSSports.com Briscoe puts Team Penske back on Indy 500 pole CBSSports.com - ?54 minutes ago? Briscoe was the surprise winner of his first Indy pole with a four-lap average of 226.484 mph. He completed the 10-mile qualification run .0023 seconds quicker than James Hinchcliffe. Related Indianapolis 500 » Ryan Briscoe » Tony Kanaan » Hunter-Reay, Hinchcliffe join pole winner Briscoe in first rowMiamiHerald.com Motor racing-Briscoe claims pole position for Indy 500Chicago Tribune From Indiana:Ryan Briscoe wins pole position for 2012 Indy 500Indianapolis Star Opinion:It\u0027s Briscoe\u0027s day, but Hinchcliffe an Indy star in makingUSA TODAY See all 239 sources »CBC.ca New York Rangers shut out New Jersey Devils, lead series 2-1 | Hockey The Seattle Times - ?15 minutes ago? Henrik Lundqvist made 36 saves to help the New York Rangers beat New Jersey 3-0 and take a 2-1 series lead over the Devils in the best-of-seven Eastern Conference final. Related New Jersey Devils » Martin Brodeur » Ilya Kovalchuk » 5 stories, including Lundqvist gives Devils deja-vuCBC.ca Power play fails Devils in Game 3FOXSports.com From New Jersey:D\u0027Alessandro: Rangers in zone with Henrik Lundqvist behind themThe Star-Ledger - NJ.com From New York:Rangers Get Out of Way and Let Lundqvist Win GameNew York Times Opinion:Kovalchuk outshining Gaborik in Eastern finalUSA TODAY In Depth:Lundqvist Blanks DevilsESPN See all 998 sources »CBS News Ancient Turtle Was as Big as Small Car LiveScience.com - ?May 17, 2012? A turtle the size of a small car once roamed what is now South America 60 million years ago, suggests its fossilized remains. Discovered in a coal mine in Colombia in 2005, the turtle was given the name Carbonemys cofrinii, which means \"coal turtle. Related Turtle » Paleontology » Giant Turtle Ate Crocodiles for Dinner, Scientists SayFox News Researchers find fossil of a turtle that was size of a Smart carLos Angeles Times In Depth:Huge Turtle Was Titanoboa\u0027s NeighborWired News - by Brian Switek (in 2,637 Google+ circles) See all 40 sources »ABC News Eclipse: Add Griffith Observatory, Greek Theater to traffic woes Los Angeles Times - ?1 hour ago? Add Griffith Observatory and the Greek Theater to Los Angeles\u0027 traffic woes on Sunday -- the same day as the partial solar eclipse. Related Solar eclipse » Ring of Fire » This eclipse runs a ring around the othersSacramento Bee Ring of Fire: How Japan sees itRF DesignLine In Depth:How to photograph a solar eclipseUSA TODAY See all 791 sources »Daily Gossip CDC Advises Baby Boomers To Take Hepatitis C Test Daily Gossip - ?2 hours ago? If some decades ago, hepatitis C was a pretty challenging disease, nowadays medicine can handle it better. With that in mind, the CDC is advising baby boomers to take the hepatitis C test. Related Hepatocellular carcinoma » Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Hepatitis C » CDC proposing one-time test for hepatitis C for all baby boomers; more than 2 ...Washington Post US baby boomers urged to take hepatitis C blood testBBC News In Depth:CDC urges Boomers to get tested for hepatitis CUSA TODAY Wikipedia:Hepatitis C See all 349 sources »CBC.ca Doubt Cast on the \u0027Good\u0027 in \u0027Good Cholesterol\u0027 New York Times - ?May 16, 2012? The name alone sounds so encouraging: HDL, the “good cholesterol.” The more of it in your blood, the lower your risk of heart disease. Related Cholesterol » Myocardial infarction » Raising HDL Levels May Not Lower Heart Attack RiskWebMD \u0027Good\u0027 Cholesterol May Not Be That GoodMedPage Today In Depth:Study questions whether raising “good\" cholesterol reduces heart attack riskBoston.com See all 88 sources » -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2012,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":41,"second":30},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
