{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentChina\u0027s Efforts in Hunt for Plane Are Seen as Hurting More Than HelpingUkraine crisis: EU and US mull further Russia sanctionsFive-star QB turned down Nick Saban in an emailMLBNBANHLMLSMLBNBANew York » - Change locationEXCLUSIVE: Landscaper awarded $4M in medical misdiagnosis caseCity will up starting pay for pre-K teachersEating Along the G Line: Bergen St. stopEditors\u0027 PicksKansas Shooter Frazier Glenn Miller’s Long Trail of HateRand Paul Says Something Non-Crazy About IranU.S. Airways Tweets Hardcore Model-Airplane Porn at Dissatisfied CustomerThe Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Edward Snowden CoverageTwitter Really Did Install Log Cabins Inside Its OfficeSpotlight »Raising a Moral ChildGigafactory GambleActress sued by TV producers for refusing to perform topless sex sceneWhat Suffering DoesBest of Hail HYDRA: The New Marvel Meme Sweeping The Internet8 Of Google\u0027s Craziest OfficesConjoined Twins Refuse To Be SeparatedThe truth about tilapiaNine Countries That Hate America MostWhy we need to tell Social Security who our families areParental Involvement Is OverratedBoston Survivors Spur Advances in ProstheticsMost popularUS woman allegedly admitted strangling, suffocating her 6 newborn babiesTotal lunar eclipses: \u0027Blood moon\u0027 is first of four [Infographic]2014 Pulitzer Prize winnersProsecutors to Charge Suspect With Hate Crime in Kansas ShootingOscar Pistorius is piling lies upon lies, prosecutor argues at trialRussian jet\u0027s passes near US ship in Black Sea \u0027provocative\u0027 – PentagonThoughts on Thrones: Nice day for a weddingLittle Sign of Progress as Obama, Putin SpeakApril 15 tax deadline no big deal for mostWoman hears skull being crushed in bear attack","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesWashington Post, Guardian win Pulitzers for NSA revelations, Snowden says ...Older assailants have \u0027track record\u0027 on hate crimesWith Ukraine Tensions Mounting, US Weighs New Sanctions Against RussiaUndersea Drone Hunt for Malaysian Plane Foiled by DepthTotal lunar eclipse: Big crowds expected for \u0027blood moon\u0027Sun grab Ogwumike with No. 1 pickWorld »Nigeria bomb blast aftermath (graphic content)North Korea Marathon Opens to Foreign AmateursOscar Pistorius is piling lies upon lies, prosecutor argues at trialU.S. »California police chief says sex offenders wore GPS tracking devices during ...Judge won\u0027t halt 2nd sanity review of James HolmesNH GOP says Jeanne Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the timeBusiness »Citigroup still has a way to go in cost-cutting programBudget Office Lowers Estimate for the Cost of Expanding Health CoverageSurging retail sales signal an economy on the upswingTechnology »Google Buys Drone Maker TitanTests confirm Heartbleed bug can expose server\u0027s private keyMicrosoft Now Accepts Universal Windows Apps As Its Insta-OEM Kit For ...Entertainment »\u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Iceland\u0027s Sigur Ros covers \u0027The Rains of Castamere\u0027Coachella 2014: 10 Best PerformancesZac Efron strips off at MTV Movie Awards ceremonyJustin Bieber and Selena Gomez Get Cozy at Coachella: Get the Scoop!Sports »No wrist fracture for Dustin PedroiaJedd Gyorko signs six-year contract with San Diego PadresNFL must do more to monitor the mental health of its playersClemson QB Kelly dismissed from teamScience »Rocket leak delays International Space Station delivery launchAdaptive Optics Enhance Subcellular MicroscopyHealth »Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouseE-cigarette makers are targeting minors, hooking them on nicotine, say ...Young Dads at Risk of Depressive Symptoms: StudyRecentNew York » - Change locationEditors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 15 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 15 2013 2014 2015MAR APR MAY152013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories Times of IndiaSee realtime coverage Washington Post, Guardian win Pulitzers for NSA revelations, Snowden says ... Times of India  - ?4 minutes ago? NEW YORK: Washington Post and Guardian won the Pulitzer Prize in public service on Monday for revealing the US government\u0027s sweeping surveillance programmes in a blockbuster series of stories based on secret documents supplied by NSA leaker ... Related Pulitzer Prize » United States National Security Agency » The Guardian » Edward Snowden \u0027vindicated\u0027: Pulitzer Prize awarded to papers for stories based ...National Post Guardian U.S., Washington Post Share Top Pulitzer Prizes In Journalism For ...University Herald Highly Cited:Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winnersBoston.com In Depth:2014 Pulitzer Prizes honor NSA revelationsCBS News See all 681 sources » Related Pulitzer Prize » United States National Security Agency » The Guardian » Larry Fine3 hours ago  -  Google+ + POLITICO : \"Edward Snowden didn’t win a Pulitzer on Monday, but he might as well have.  In a move certain to be interpreted as a vindication of the former government contractor’s efforts, the Pulitzer …Prize Board on Monday awarded The Guardian US and The Washington Post its coveted Public Service award for reporting on the National Security Agency’s domestic surveillance practices.\" Edward Snowden\u0027s prize UPI.com UPI.com Pulitzer Prize in public service goes to two news agencies for Snowden NSA ... WCVB Boston WCVB Boston Stories about NSA surveillance win Pulitzers News \u0026 Observer News \u0026 Observer Pulitzer for NSA coverage echoes tradition in news Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Snowden and His Accomplices Washington Post Washington Post Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winners WEAR WEAR Snowden says Pulitzer Prize is a \u0027vindication\u0027 Politico Politico Edward Snowden\u0027s prize NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area 2014 Pulitzer Prizes Announced: \"The Goldfinch\" Wins Fiction Prize, NSA Spying ... Mintpress News Mintpress News Greenwald, Poitras Return To Accept Prestigious Award Vanity Fair Vanity Fair The Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for N.S.A. Reporting Evening Standard Evening Standard The Guardian wins Pulitzer prize Defense One Defense One Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Reporting on the NSA Leaks Chinatopix Chinatopix Snowden exposés earned Pulitzer for Washington Post and the Guardian The Wire The Wire Here Are The 2014 Winners of the Pulitzer Prize CTV News CTV News Pulitzers: Washington Post, Guardian win for NSA revelations NPR (blog) NPR (blog) Pulitzer Prizes Are Out: \u0027Washington Post,\u0027 \u0027The Guardian\u0027 Win For NSA Stories Toronto Star Toronto Star Pulitzer winners acknowledge whistleblower Edward Snowden Irish Independent Irish Independent Pulitzer Prize for the Guardian Truthdig Truthdig Pulitzer Committee Vindicates NSA Reporters With Highest Honor Fast Company Fast Company The Guardian And Washington Post Win Pulitzers For NSA Reporting Washington PostSee realtime coverage Older assailants have \u0027track record\u0027 on hate crimes USA TODAY  - ?16 minutes ago? The suspected gunman in the Sunday murder of three people at Jewish centers in Kansas is not your typical senior citizen: a 73-year-old retiree accused of going on a hate-filled, shotgun-wielding rampage. Related Kansas » Jewish people » Suspect in killings at Jewish facilities in Kansas to face hate charges, officials sayWashington Post Obama highlights personal connection to Kansas City shootings (+video)Christian Science Monitor - by Linda Feldmann Featured:Did Smirking \u0027Nazi\u0027 Gunman Single Out Jews for Death in Kansas City Rampage?Jewish Daily Forward Highly Cited:Man with history of anti-Semitism jailed in fatal shooting of three at Johnson ...Kansas City Star In Depth:Bullets, Blood And Then Cry Of \u0027Heil Hitler\u0027New York Times Wikipedia:Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting See all 2,353 sources » Related Kansas » Jewish people » PoliticusUSA5 hours ago  -  Google+ The suspect in the Overland Park, Kansas, Jewish Center murders, Frazier Glenn Miller, who goes by the name of Fraiser Glen Cross, Jr., turns out of course, to be the former Grand Dragon of the Caroli…na Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and founder of the White Patriot Party – oh, and a supporter of David Duke. White Supremacy, GOP Politics, and the Jewish Community Center Shooting CNNSee realtime coverage With Ukraine Tensions Mounting, US Weighs New Sanctions Against Russia New York Times  - ?15 minutes ago? Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew, left, and his Ukrainian counterpart, Oleksandr Shlapak, signed a $1 billion loan guarantee. Credit Shawn Thew/European Pressphoto Agency. Related Ukraine » Ukraine: risks and compromisesThe Guardian Pro-Russia police help foil Ukraine crackdown in eastLos Angeles Times - by Carol J Williams From Ukraine:Associated Press: Ukraine struggles as east slips out of controlKyiv Post From Russia:US sends FBI, treasury experts to advise Ukrainian governmentThe Voice of Russia Opinion:Putin\u0027s world: The view from MoscowFox News In Depth:Ukraine crisis: EU and US mull further Russia sanctionsBBC News See all 4,623 sources » Related Ukraine » Ketan J5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ukraine: Why it\u0027s border is bound to change There is NOTHING that can stop this development of it\u0027s partition. Not that I support it, but there are certain things that speaks for it: 1. This …is a people\u0027s revolution. May be it is supported by Russian no-name soldiers from across the border, but the people there in that region agree and are happy that this happens- at least most of them. 2. Yanukovich still believes he is legitimate p... Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Undersea Drone Hunt for Malaysian Plane Foiled by Depth Voice of America  - ?13 minutes ago? A U.S. Navy underwater drone sent to search for a missing Malaysian jetliner on the floor of the Indian Ocean had its first mission cut short after exceeding its 4.5 km (2.8 mile) depth limit, Australian search authorities said on Tuesday. Related Malaysia Airlines » Robot sub to dive for missing plane MH370 againThe Australian Bluefin 21 deployed in MH370 search, says JACCThe Star Online From Australia:Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: sea-bed hunt hits hurdle as Bluefin-21 ...Sydney Morning Herald From Malaysia:Search enters new phaseNew Straits Times In Depth:Malaysia Airlines plane search to head underwaterLos Angeles Times - by Julie Makinen See all 2,702 sources » Related Malaysia Airlines » John Nuntiatio6 hours ago  -  Google+ Malaysia Airlines search heads deep underwater in new phase The hunt for flight #MH370 will head deep underwater as the batteries in the flight\u0027s black box recorders had probably died and there was lit…tle chance of finding floating debris, said Australian search chief Angus Houston. The search is now relying on the U.S. Navy\u0027s sophisticated Blue-fin 21 autonomous underwater... Read more... Source: reuters.com The article\u0027s link can be found here: http://www.latestnewsheadline.com? News Aggregator. The latest news headlines from world\u0027s most important news... NPRSee realtime coverage Total lunar eclipse: Big crowds expected for \u0027blood moon\u0027 Los Angeles Times  - ?34 minutes ago? With just a few hours left before the the first total eclipse of 2014, the Griffith Observatory is bracing for big crowds tonight and is warning of possible traffic jams for the \"blood moon. Related Lunar eclipse » Moon » Eclipses » \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Myths: Superstitions in the SkiesDiscovery News - by Benjamin Radford Lunar eclipse over Montana early TuesdayNBC Montana In Depth:Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight: How Bright Will the \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Be?Space.com - by Karl Tate Live Updating:Total Lunar Eclipse Live Stream: Watch The \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Rise Here [VIDEO]International Business Times - by Charles Poladian See all 926 sources » Related Lunar eclipse » Moon » Eclipses » AllNatural.Me4 hours ago  -  Google+ \u0027Full Pink Moon and a total lunar eclipse\u0027 on April 15, 2014 ~ During this full moon, make a decision, tell the universe and then allow it to unfold.  The full moon will be on Tuesday (or Mond…ay for certain time zones). According to the Old Farmer\u0027s Almanac, \"Full Pink Moon\" is one of the traditional Native American names for a full moon that occurs in April. Lest there be any confusion, however, the nickname does not refer... ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Sun grab Ogwumike with No. 1 pick Fox News  - ?18 minutes ago? Uncasville, CT (SportsNetwork.com) - Wooden Award winner Chiney Ogwumike was selected first overall by the Connecticut Sun as the 2014 WNBA Draft commenced at the Mohegan Sun Hotel and Casino. Related Women\u0027s National Basketball Association » Nneka Ogwumike » Ogwumike, Sims go 1-2 in WNBA draftChicago Tribune - by Philip Hersh Draft is just first step for rookiesESPN In Depth:Sun take Ogwumike with top pick in WNBA draftChron.com - by Joseph Duarte See all 89 sources » Related Women\u0027s National Basketball Association » Nneka Ogwumike » Want better news? Create a Google Account to get Google News personalized for you. World » CBC.caSee realtime coverage Nigeria bomb blast aftermath (graphic content) CBC.ca  - ?34 minutes ago? Suspected Islamic militants struck in the heart of Nigeria on Monday with a massive rush-hour bomb blast at a bus station that killed at least 72 people and wounded 164 in the deadliest attack ever on the nation\u0027s capital. Related Nigeria » Boko Haram » Nigeria bus station blast: BBC at the sceneBBC News Boko Haram rears its head in Nigeria\u0027s capital with deadly bomb blasts (+video)Christian Science Monitor From Nigeria:Nyanya bomb blast: Nigerians react...Nigerian Tribune See all 887 sources » Related Nigeria » Boko Haram » Nigeria We Serve10 hours ago  -  Google+ NIGERIA MOURNS: 71 KILLED, 124 INJURED, IN ABUJA MOTOR PARK BOMBING. The members of the deadly insurgent and terrorist group Boko Haram have detonated a fierce bomb, killing well over 71 persons and …injuring atleast 124 others, in the Nyanya motor park, Abuja. The bombs which appears to have been planted yesterday night on two buses, went off early this morning, as commuters filled the motor park to board the buses to their offices. Some eye... Washington PostSee realtime coverage North Korea Marathon Opens to Foreign Amateurs TIME  - ?18 minutes ago? Organizers of the Mangyongdae Prize International Marathon, recognized as a bronze-label event by the International Association of Athletics Federations and held for the past 27 years, told the Associated Press they opted to allow the new recreational ... Related North Korea » Pyongyang » Runner: North Korean marathon was \u0027quite funny\u0027BBC News North Korea stages its first international marathonTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:North Korea\u0027s Capital Hosts International MarathonABC News See all 163 sources » Related North Korea » Pyongyang » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Oscar Pistorius is piling lies upon lies, prosecutor argues at trial New York Daily News  - ?16 minutes ago? South African prosecutor Gerrie Nel pounced on the fallen Olympian\u0027s trial testimony, saying that he was changing his defense to involuntary action from putative self-defense. Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius squirms under prosecutor\u0027s cross examination: \u0027I must have ...Washington Post How Pistorius Became a \u0027Liar\u0027Daily Beast Highly Cited:Prosecutor: Pistorius \u0027tailoring\u0027 his account of shootingThe Olympian From South Africa:Oscar Pistorius Cross-examination: Nel Keeps the Pressure OnThe Public News Hub See all 907 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » NBC Washington12 hours ago  -  Google+ UPDATE: Oscar Pistorius said he had no explanation for the fact that food was found in Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s stomach despite his testimony that they ate eight hours before the fatal shooting. http://trib.al/vAUNzXT More World stories U.S. » Chron.comSee realtime coverage California police chief says sex offenders wore GPS tracking devices during ... Fremont Tribune  - ?1 hour ago? ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - California police chief says sex offenders wore GPS tracking devices during serial killings. Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. Chief: Suspects wore GPS devices during killingsWHP Harrisburg See all 68 sources » Related: California » Rape » WEARSee realtime coverage Judge won\u0027t halt 2nd sanity review of James Holmes SFGate  - ?1 hour ago? DENVER (AP) - The judge in the Colorado theater shooting case is rejecting a defense attempt to block a second sanity evaluation of defendant James Holmes. Judge won\u0027t stop second sanity review of accused theater gunmanWDEF News 12 See all 12 sources » Related: James Eagan Holmes » WMUR ManchesterSee realtime coverage NH GOP says Jeanne Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time PolitiFact  - ?4 hours ago? With midterm elections on the horizon, Republicans have targeted incumbent U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., for her support of President Barack Obama and his health care reform law. Scott Brown is campaigning all over New Hampshire. And taking pictures of ...Washington Post (blog) - by Chris Cillizza See all 38 sources » Related: Scott Brown » New Hampshire » Jeanne Shaheen » More U.S. stories Business » Economic TimesSee realtime coverage Citigroup still has a way to go in cost-cutting program Economic Times  - ?35 minutes ago? For Citigroup, cost cutting is particularly difficult, because it operates in more than 100 countries, making it the most international of the US banks. Related Citigroup » Citigroup rises as earnings, revenue top estimatesSFGate Citigroup profits up in quarterly reportThe Augusta Chronicle See all 519 sources » Related Citigroup » Fox Business4 hours ago  -  Google+ A round of strong retail sales data, coupled with upbeat earnings from Citigroup, propelled U.S. markets sharply higher on Monday. #FoxMkts   Wall Street Posts Rebound Rally on Strong Retail Sales Washington PostSee realtime coverage Budget Office Lowers Estimate for the Cost of Expanding Health Coverage New York Times 1 hour ago Written byAnnie Lowrey WASHINGTON - The insurance expansion under the Affordable Care Act will cost $1.383 trillion over the next decade, more than $100 billion less than previous forecasts, the Congressional Budget Office said Monday. CBO Estimates US Deficit Will Shrink More Than Expected in 2014--UpdateWall Street Journal CBO Slightly Lowers US Deficit EstimatesFox Business In Depth:UPDATE 2-CBO slightly lowers US deficit estimates as health subsidies fallReuters See all 272 sources » Related: Congressional Budget Office » David Brin3 hours ago  -  Google+ Today the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released its latest Obamacare report card (pdf), and for supporters of the law, the news is good: CBO now projects that over 10 years the law will cov…er more people—25 million, up from 24 million—and cost a lot less—$104 billion less—than it had previously forecast. http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-04-14/more-good-news-on-obamacare-just-when-democrats-need-it Philly.comSee realtime coverage Surging retail sales signal an economy on the upswing Los Angeles Times 27 minutes ago Written byTiffany Hsu Americans rushed out to shop as frigid weather lifted in March, propelling retail sales at the fastest pace in a year and a half. The gauge from the Commerce Department surged 1.1% last month from February in its biggest leap since September 2012. March Retail Sales Surged, Bolstering HopesNew York Times Retail Sales Springing BackInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:US Retail Sales Surge 1.1% -- 2nd UpdateWall Street Journal - by Eric Morath See all 224 sources » Related: Retail » Sales » Fox Business4 hours ago  -  Google+ A round of strong retail sales data, coupled with upbeat earnings from Citigroup, propelled U.S. markets sharply higher on Monday. #FoxMkts   Wall Street Posts Rebound Rally on Strong Retail Sales More Business stories Technology » IBNLiveSee realtime coverage Google Buys Drone Maker Titan Wall Street Journal  - ?54 minutes ago? Google has confirmed it is buying drone maker Titan Aerospace for an undisclosed amount. WSJ\u0027s Google reporter Alistair Barr joins the News Hub to discuss Silicon Valley\u0027s new version of Star Wars. Related Google » Aerospace » Google to acquire drone-maker Titan AerospaceUSA TODAY Google\u0027s Titan drone purchase about more than Internet accessPCWorld In Depth:Google gets in the drone gamePolitico See all 279 sources » Related Google » Aerospace » The Verge2 hours ago  -  Google+ Google has acquired Titan Aerospace and plans to use solar-powered drones to blanket the world in internet access. Turns out Facebook has the exact same idea. FirstpostSee realtime coverage Tests confirm Heartbleed bug can expose server\u0027s private key PCWorld 58 minutes ago Written byJeremy Kirk Four researchers working separately have demonstrated a server\u0027s private encryption key can be obtained using the Heartbleed bug, an attack thought possible but unconfirmed. SSL security keys can be accessed by Heartbleed bugkhon2.com Android owners at Heartbleed riskNEWS.com.au In Depth:Heartbleed bug fixes threaten to cause major Internet disruptions in coming weeksWashington Post - by Brian Fung Wikipedia:Heartbleed See all 581 sources » Cris Baker5 hours ago  -  Google+ NSA need say nothing in what it calls \u0027clear national security cases \u0027. In a decision by President Obama, the NSA along with the rest of the government has been authorized to keep quiet about… any Internet security bug, such as Heartbleed, whenever they \"determine there\u0027s \"a clear national security or law enforcement need\".\" So was the NSA\u0027s denial of knowing about the Heartbleed security bug genuine? Or was... NSA can keep quiet on internet flaws it discovers in \u0027clear national... Economic TimesSee realtime coverage Microsoft Now Accepts Universal Windows Apps As Its Insta-OEM Kit For ... TechCrunch 43 minutes ago Written byAlex Wilhelm Starting today developers can now link Windows Store and Windows Phone applications to create the already-announced “universal” applications that Microsoft announced recently at its Build developer conference. Universal apps herald cheaper Windows Store pricesPCWorld (blog) - by Mark Hachman Windows Phone 8.1 Can Reportedly Lift Passes from Apple\u0027s PassbookTIME - by Jared Newman In Depth:Windows Phone 8.1: Nice update but hurdles remain the sameZDNet - by Larry Dignan See all 469 sources » Related: Windows Phone » Microsoft Windows » Russell Holly4 hours ago  -  Google+ Here\u0027s my Day One thoughts on Windows Phone 8.1 and Microsoft Cortana. I\u0027m genuinely looking forward to spending more time with this platform, and that alone should tell you how improved this …update feels.  The future of Microsoft mobile: Windows Phone 8.1 and Cortana | Microsoft |... More Technology stories Entertainment » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Iceland\u0027s Sigur Ros covers \u0027The Rains of Castamere\u0027 Los Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago? \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Iceland\u0027s Sigur Ros covers \u0027The Rains of Castamere\u0027. April 14, 2014 | 4:07 p.m.. Jack Gleeson as King Joffrey in Sunday\u0027s episode of \"Game of Thrones,\" \"The Lion and the Rose,\" written by George R.R. Related Game of Thrones » Game of Thrones: King Joffrey was like Justin BieberTelegraph.co.uk \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 shocker: How cast \u0026 crew of HBO\u0027s hit series pulled off deadly ...New York Daily News Highly Cited:\u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Jack Gleeson talks royal wedding shocker -- EXCLUSIVEEntertainment Weekly - by James Hibberd Opinion:\u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 review: The lion, the rose and the cruelty of WesterosWashington Post In Depth:Game of Thrones season 4 spoilers: The Secret Diary of King JoffreyMirror.co.uk See all 653 sources » Related Game of Thrones » Mitch Wagner5 hours ago  -  Google+ Jack \"Joffrey\" Gleeson wants to quit acting when he\u0027s done with Game of Thrones . He\u0027s a student at Trinity College, and is considering taking a Masters in Ancient Hebrew, fol…lowed by a PhD. He read a poem at an Amnesty International concert honoring Burmese democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi, and visited Haiti with the humanitarian organization GOAL. It\u0027s as if Joffrey was only a character he plays, and he\u0027s not... Everything to Know About the Actor Who Plays Joffrey on Game of Thrones Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage Coachella 2014: 10 Best Performances Hollywood Reporter  - ?2 hours ago? Outkast and Future Islands steal the show in the desert among plenty of must-see moments. The 2014 edition of the Coachella Valley Arts \u0026 Music Festival was a weekend punctuated by stellar performances and non-stop surprises, spread across the Empire ... Related Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival » Coachella: 5 Takeaways From This Year\u0027s FestivalVariety Music|Artists and Spectators, Not So Far ApartNew York Times Highly Cited:On the scene at Coachella day two: Pharrell, Skrillex, Muse, Lorde -- and a ...Entertainment Weekly (blog) Opinion:Coachella 2014: Beck Gets JoyousBillboard See all 156 sources » Related Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Zac Efron strips off at MTV Movie Awards ceremony BBC News  - ?38 minutes ago? The Hunger Games: Catching Fire took the prize for best film at the MTV Movie Awards, as well as best male and female performance for actors Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence. Related MTV Movie Awards » MTV » Learn How To Turn Nicki Minaj\u0027s MTV Movie Awards Outfit Into Nail ArtMTV.com MTV Movie Awards 2014: Complete List of Winners and NomineesTheWrap Opinion:Zac Efron Gets Interviewed While Still Almost Shirtless at MTV Movie Awards 2014Just Jared In Depth:His Eyes Are Up Here, LadiesDaily Beast See all 2,154 sources » Related MTV Movie Awards » MTV » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Get Cozy at Coachella: Get the Scoop! E! Online 17 minutes ago Written byAlyssa Toomey Come on, after that sexy dance video, you didn\u0027t expect these two to stay away from each other for long, right?! Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez were spotted together at Coachella over the weekend, where the on-again, off-again couple fueled rumors once ... Coachella Day 3 rewind: Final acts, fashion and Justin BieberLos Angeles Times - by stacey leasca Selena Gomez Ready to Ditch Justin Bieber for an Older ManFirst Coast News Highly Cited:Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez wants to date older manContactmusic.com Wikipedia:Confident See all 120 sources » Related: Justin Bieber » Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival » Selena Gomez » More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage No wrist fracture for Dustin Pedroia ESPN 17 minutes ago Written bygordon edes CHICAGO -- Red Sox second baseman Dustin Pedroia and closer Koji Uehara will be rejoining the team Tuesday in Chicago, the team announced Monday night, after both players underwent exams in Boston by the team\u0027s medical staff on Monday. Red Sox can\u0027t afford to lose Dustin PedroiaBoston.com Dustin Pedroia\u0027s wrist injury isn\u0027t seriousBoston Globe In Depth:Red Sox Notebook: Uehara improves; Pedroia sitsBoston Herald - by Christopher Evans See all 145 sources » Related: Boston Red Sox » Dustin Pedroia » Hudson Hub-TimesSee realtime coverage Jedd Gyorko signs six-year contract with San Diego Padres Los Angeles Times  - ?23 minutes ago? The San Diego Padres think so much of second baseman Jedd Gyorko that they gave him a hefty raise even though he\u0027s only 13 games into his second full big league season. Related Jedd Gyorko » MLB notebook: Padres\u0027 Gyorko gets 6-year dealTribune-Review Padres sign second baseman Jedd Gyorko to long-term dealGant Daily See all 175 sources » Related Jedd Gyorko » Washington PostSee realtime coverage NFL must do more to monitor the mental health of its players FOXSports.com  - ?48 minutes ago? The recent troubles with 49ers All-Pro defensive end Aldon Smith combined with a report Monday of a pre-season psych evaluation that says he was \"red-flagged\" for an elevated potential for off-field trouble have led some to conclude that Smith may have ... Related Aldon Smith » San Francisco 49ers » Linebacker » Report: Aldon Smith had \u0027higher-than-average\u0027 risk on draft profileCBSSports.com - by Will Brinson Cardinals fans shouldn\u0027t celebrate 49ers\u0027 troublesazcentral.com Opinion:Niners behaving badlySFGate In Depth:Extra Points: Smith\u0027s act should be wearing thin on 49ersFox News Wikipedia:Aldon Smith See all 513 sources » Related Aldon Smith » San Francisco 49ers » Linebacker » Eve Batey6 hours ago  -  Google+ Los Angeles County prosecutors have not yet received case information on San Francisco 49ers player Aldon Smith, who was arrested Sunday on suspicion of falsely reporting he had a bomb at Los Angeles …International Airport, a district attorney’s office spokeswoman said today. No Charges Yet After 49ers Player Arrested For Bomb Remarks At LAX Washington PostSee realtime coverage Clemson QB Kelly dismissed from team News \u0026 Observer  - ?1 hour ago? Clemson, SC (SportsNetwork.com) - Clemson quarterback Chad Kelly, nephew of Buffalo Bills Hall of Famer Jim Kelly, has been dismissed from the team for conduct detrimental to the program. Related Clemson Tigers football » Clemson QB Chad Kelly dismissed for conduct issuesCBSSports.com Clemson dismisses QB Kelly after sideline argumentKansas City Star See all 79 sources » Related Clemson Tigers football » More Sports stories Science » SFGateSee realtime coverage Rocket leak delays International Space Station delivery launch The Post-Standard  - ?36 minutes ago? In this photo provided by NASA, astronaut Rick Mastracchio works to replace a pump in a spacesuit, Monday, April 14, 2014, aboard the International Space Station. Related SpaceX » NASA » Helium leak grounds SpaceX ISS resupply missionRegister SpaceX resupply launch scrubbed by helium leakSpaceflight Now In Depth:SpaceX Postpones Launch to Space StationNBCNews.com - by Alan Boyle Live Updating:SpaceX International Space Station Resupply Mission Live Stream: Watch The ...International Business Times - by Charles Poladian See all 219 sources » Related SpaceX » NASA » NASA5 hours ago  -  Google+ SpaceX’s launch to the International Space Station was scrubbed today due to a helium leak on the Falcon 9 first stage. The next launch opportunity would be Friday, April 18, at 3:25 p.m. EDT if the i…ssue can be resolved.  For more information as it becomes available, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/spacex R \u0026 D MagazineSee realtime coverage Adaptive Optics Enhance Subcellular Microscopy Photonics.com  - ?1 hour ago? ASHBURN, Va., April 14, 2014 - Adaptive optics techniques forged for astronomers and ophthalmologists have been brought to bear for biologists seeking sharper microscope images. New technique takes cues from astronomy and ophthalmology to sharpen ...Phys.Org See all 10 sources » Related: Ophthalmology » Janelia Farm Research Campus » Howard Hughes Medical Institute » More Science stories Health » Chron.comSee realtime coverage Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse Boston.com  - ?30 minutes ago? WASHINGTON (AP) - A quick candy bar may stave off more than hunger. It could prevent major fights between husbands and wives, at least if a new study that used voodoo dolls is right. Snack might help you avoid fight with spouseCBS News Angry at your spouse? Check your blood sugarUSA TODAY - by Karen Weintraub Featured:Angry at Your Spouse? Have a Snack Before You Snap!Healthline In Depth:Why Your Spouse May Be \u0027Hangry\u0027 for a FightABC News (blog) See all 116 sources » NBC Bay Area3 hours ago  -  Google+ Have a \"hangry\" spouse? Just feed \u0027em. Seems obvious, but researchers say a quick snack could stave off more than hunger. It could prevent major fights between famished husbands and wiv…es. http://trib.al/8Rpo9bs The Ohio State study used voodoo dolls to measure the blood sugar of 107 married couples. Scientists found those with lower blood sugar levels stuck more pins in their dolls and were more likely to lash out at their spouse. New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage E-cigarette makers are targeting minors, hooking them on nicotine, say ... New York Daily News  - ?55 minutes ago? Eleven lawmakers, including Sen. Dick Durbin and Rep. Henry Waxman, urged the Food and Drug Administration to stop e-cigarette businesses from selling and marketing their products to kids. Related Cigarettes » United States Congress » Illinois senator pushing for tighter regulations on e-cigarettesWPSD Local 6 Child\u0027s play? E-cigarettes marketed to youngsters, report findsWashington Times In Depth:Congressional report presses for e-cigarette rulesMilwaukee Journal Sentinel See all 205 sources » Related Cigarettes » United States Congress » NBC Washington10 hours ago  -  Google+ Concerns about electronic cigarettes, including flavors and marketing that could appeal to young people, underscore the need to regulate the fast-growing industry. http://trib.al/YrUESKg CHIME IN: What are your concerns …about this new fast growing industry? French TribuneSee realtime coverage Young Dads at Risk of Depressive Symptoms: Study WebMD  - ?9 hours ago? MONDAY, April 14, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Young fathers may be at increased risk of depression symptoms after their baby arrives, all the way through to the child\u0027s kindergarten, a new study suggests. Related Major depression » Depression Risks Increase For Young DadsRTT News Young dads at high risk of depression, tooScience Codex See all 53 sources » Related Major depression » More Health stories Personalize Google News World U.S. Business Technology Entertainment Sports Science Health Examples: Astronomy, New England Patriots, White House Advanced » Settings | Reset | Help Save Recent China\u0027s Efforts in Hunt for Plane Are Seen as Hurting More Than Helping New York Times - 25 minutes ago Ukraine crisis: EU and US mull further Russia sanctions BBC News - 29 minutes ago Five-star QB turned down Nick Saban in an email USA TODAY - 31 minutes ago Weather for New York Today 75° 57° Tue 68° 32° Wed 52° 36° Thu 48° 39° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB STL 1 0 Top 3rd MIL SEA 0 0 Bot 4th TEX WAS 6 2 Top 7th MIA PIT 7 6 Bot 6th CIN ATL 2 1 Bot 6th PHI TB 1 7 Top 6th BAL NYM 6:40 PM PDT ARI OAK 7:05 PM PDT LAA COL 7:10 PM PDT SD NBA LAL 2 2 10:57 1Q UTA OKC 46 45 0:00 2Q NO SA 43 50 0:00 2Q HOU ORL 44 57 0:00 2Q CHI CHA 58 67 3:31 3Q ATL MIL 88 99 5:20 4Q TOR MIA 91 114 1:08 4Q WAS BOS 101 105 1:59 4Q PHI MEM 7:00 PM PDT PHO MIN 7:30 PM PDT GS live match NHL DET 3-0 Final STL BOS 2-3 Final NJ CAR 6-5 Final PHI TB 1-0 Final WAS NYI 4-3 Final BUF OTT 3-2 Final PIT COL 2-3 Final ANH NSH 7-3 Final MIN CGY 1-5 Final VAN DAL 1-2 Final PHO MLS CLB 1-1 Final SJ MLB TB 4-12 Final CIN TOR 11-3 Final BAL MIA 3-4 Final PHI WAS 2-10 Final ATL CLE 3-4 Final CWS PIT 1-4 Final MIL KC 3-4 Final MIN CHC 4-6 Final STL HOU 0-1 Final TEX NYM 2-14 Final LAA COL 4-5 Final SF DET 1-5 Final SD LAD 8-6 Final ARI OAK 3-0 Final SEA BOS 2-3 Final NYY NBA OKC 97-102 Final IND TOR 116-107 Final DET ORL 88-97 Final BKN CHI 89-100 Final NY MIN 103-106 Final SAC GS 117-119 Final POR MEM 102-90 Final LAL Sports scores hidden. Learn more Undo New York » - Change location City, State, or Zip Code: Automatically determine my geographic area   EXCLUSIVE: Landscaper awarded $4M in medical misdiagnosis case New York Daily News - 3 hours ago City will up starting pay for pre-K teachers New York Daily News - 21 minutes ago Eating Along the G Line: Bergen St. stop New York Daily News - 9 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Kansas Shooter Frazier Glenn Miller’s Long Trail of Hate Joe Coscarelli Rand Paul Says Something Non-Crazy About Iran Jonathan Chait U.S. Airways Tweets Hardcore Model-Airplane Porn at Dissatisfied Customer Joe Coscarelli The Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Edward Snowden Coverage Joe Coscarelli Twitter Really Did Install Log Cabins Inside Its Office Joe Coscarelli Learn more Spotlight » Raising a Moral Child New York Times - Apr 12, 2014 Gigafactory Gamble MIT Technology Review - 17 hours ago Actress sued by TV producers for refusing to perform topless sex scene Fox News - Apr 10, 2014 What Suffering Does New York Times - Apr 7, 2014 Best of Hail HYDRA: The New Marvel Meme Sweeping The Internet The Mary Sue - Apr 10, 2014 8 Of Google\u0027s Craziest Offices Co.Design - Apr 10, 2014 Conjoined Twins Refuse To Be Separated Huffington Post - Apr 10, 2014 The truth about tilapia Fox News - Apr 9, 2014 Nine Countries That Hate America Most 24/7 Wall St. - Apr 10, 2014 Why we need to tell Social Security who our families are PBS NewsHour - 5 hours ago Parental Involvement Is Overrated New York Times (blog) - 6 hours ago Boston Survivors Spur Advances in Prosthetics Discovery News - 6 hours ago Most popular US woman allegedly admitted strangling, suffocating her 6 newborn babies Vancouver Sun - 11 minutes ago Total lunar eclipses: \u0027Blood moon\u0027 is first of four [Infographic] Los Angeles Times - 16 minutes ago 2014 Pulitzer Prize winners Toronto Star - 26 minutes ago Prosecutors to Charge Suspect With Hate Crime in Kansas Shooting New York Times - 10 minutes ago Oscar Pistorius is piling lies upon lies, prosecutor argues at trial New York Daily News - 16 minutes ago Russian jet\u0027s passes near US ship in Black Sea \u0027provocative\u0027 – Pentagon GMA News - 21 minutes ago Thoughts on Thrones: Nice day for a wedding New Zealand Herald (blog) - 1 hour ago Little Sign of Progress as Obama, Putin Speak ABC News - 10 minutes ago April 15 tax deadline no big deal for most The Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Woman hears skull being crushed in bear attack Ninemsn - 2 hours agoTimes of IndiaSee realtime coverage Washington Post, Guardian win Pulitzers for NSA revelations, Snowden says ... Times of India  - ?4 minutes ago? NEW YORK: Washington Post and Guardian won the Pulitzer Prize in public service on Monday for revealing the US government\u0027s sweeping surveillance programmes in a blockbuster series of stories based on secret documents supplied by NSA leaker ... Related Pulitzer Prize » United States National Security Agency » The Guardian » Edward Snowden \u0027vindicated\u0027: Pulitzer Prize awarded to papers for stories based ...National Post Guardian U.S., Washington Post Share Top Pulitzer Prizes In Journalism For ...University Herald Highly Cited:Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winnersBoston.com In Depth:2014 Pulitzer Prizes honor NSA revelationsCBS News See all 681 sources » Related Pulitzer Prize » United States National Security Agency » The Guardian » Larry Fine3 hours ago  -  Google+ + POLITICO : \"Edward Snowden didn’t win a Pulitzer on Monday, but he might as well have.  In a move certain to be interpreted as a vindication of the former government contractor’s efforts, the Pulitzer …Prize Board on Monday awarded The Guardian US and The Washington Post its coveted Public Service award for reporting on the National Security Agency’s domestic surveillance practices.\" Edward Snowden\u0027s prize UPI.com UPI.com Pulitzer Prize in public service goes to two news agencies for Snowden NSA ... WCVB Boston WCVB Boston Stories about NSA surveillance win Pulitzers News \u0026 Observer News \u0026 Observer Pulitzer for NSA coverage echoes tradition in news Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Snowden and His Accomplices Washington Post Washington Post Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winners WEAR WEAR Snowden says Pulitzer Prize is a \u0027vindication\u0027 Politico Politico Edward Snowden\u0027s prize NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area 2014 Pulitzer Prizes Announced: \"The Goldfinch\" Wins Fiction Prize, NSA Spying ... Mintpress News Mintpress News Greenwald, Poitras Return To Accept Prestigious Award Vanity Fair Vanity Fair The Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for N.S.A. Reporting Evening Standard Evening Standard The Guardian wins Pulitzer prize Defense One Defense One Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Reporting on the NSA Leaks Chinatopix Chinatopix Snowden exposés earned Pulitzer for Washington Post and the Guardian The Wire The Wire Here Are The 2014 Winners of the Pulitzer Prize CTV News CTV News Pulitzers: Washington Post, Guardian win for NSA revelations NPR (blog) NPR (blog) Pulitzer Prizes Are Out: \u0027Washington Post,\u0027 \u0027The Guardian\u0027 Win For NSA Stories Toronto Star Toronto Star Pulitzer winners acknowledge whistleblower Edward Snowden Irish Independent Irish Independent Pulitzer Prize for the Guardian Truthdig Truthdig Pulitzer Committee Vindicates NSA Reporters With Highest Honor Fast Company Fast Company The Guardian And Washington Post Win Pulitzers For NSA ReportingTimes of India  - ?4 minutes ago?UPI.com UPI.com Pulitzer Prize in public service goes to two news agencies for Snowden NSA ... WCVB Boston WCVB Boston Stories about NSA surveillance win Pulitzers News \u0026 Observer News \u0026 Observer Pulitzer for NSA coverage echoes tradition in news Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Snowden and His Accomplices Washington Post Washington Post Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winners WEAR WEAR Snowden says Pulitzer Prize is a \u0027vindication\u0027 Politico Politico Edward Snowden\u0027s prize NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area 2014 Pulitzer Prizes Announced: \"The Goldfinch\" Wins Fiction Prize, NSA Spying ... Mintpress News Mintpress News Greenwald, Poitras Return To Accept Prestigious Award Vanity Fair Vanity Fair The Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for N.S.A. Reporting Evening Standard Evening Standard The Guardian wins Pulitzer prize Defense One Defense One Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Reporting on the NSA Leaks Chinatopix Chinatopix Snowden exposés earned Pulitzer for Washington Post and the Guardian The Wire The Wire Here Are The 2014 Winners of the Pulitzer Prize CTV News CTV News Pulitzers: Washington Post, Guardian win for NSA revelations NPR (blog) NPR (blog) Pulitzer Prizes Are Out: \u0027Washington Post,\u0027 \u0027The Guardian\u0027 Win For NSA Stories Toronto Star Toronto Star Pulitzer winners acknowledge whistleblower Edward Snowden Irish Independent Irish Independent Pulitzer Prize for the Guardian Truthdig Truthdig Pulitzer Committee Vindicates NSA Reporters With Highest Honor Fast Company Fast Company The Guardian And Washington Post Win Pulitzers For NSA ReportingUPI.com UPI.com Pulitzer Prize in public service goes to two news agencies for Snowden NSA ... WCVB Boston WCVB Boston Stories about NSA surveillance win Pulitzers News \u0026 Observer News \u0026 Observer Pulitzer for NSA coverage echoes tradition in news Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Snowden and His Accomplices Washington Post Washington Post Details on the 2014 Pulitzer Prize winners WEAR WEAR Snowden says Pulitzer Prize is a \u0027vindication\u0027 Politico Politico Edward Snowden\u0027s prize NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area 2014 Pulitzer Prizes Announced: \"The Goldfinch\" Wins Fiction Prize, NSA Spying ... Mintpress News Mintpress News Greenwald, Poitras Return To Accept Prestigious Award Vanity Fair Vanity Fair The Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for N.S.A. Reporting Evening Standard Evening Standard The Guardian wins Pulitzer prize Defense One Defense One Guardian, Washington Post Win Pulitzers for Reporting on the NSA Leaks Chinatopix Chinatopix Snowden exposés earned Pulitzer for Washington Post and the Guardian The Wire The Wire Here Are The 2014 Winners of the Pulitzer Prize CTV News CTV News Pulitzers: Washington Post, Guardian win for NSA revelations NPR (blog) NPR (blog) Pulitzer Prizes Are Out: \u0027Washington Post,\u0027 \u0027The Guardian\u0027 Win For NSA Stories Toronto Star Toronto Star Pulitzer winners acknowledge whistleblower Edward Snowden Irish Independent Irish Independent Pulitzer Prize for the Guardian Truthdig Truthdig Pulitzer Committee Vindicates NSA Reporters With Highest Honor Fast Company Fast Company The Guardian And Washington Post Win Pulitzers For NSA ReportingWashington PostSee realtime coverage Older assailants have \u0027track record\u0027 on hate crimes USA TODAY  - ?16 minutes ago? The suspected gunman in the Sunday murder of three people at Jewish centers in Kansas is not your typical senior citizen: a 73-year-old retiree accused of going on a hate-filled, shotgun-wielding rampage. Related Kansas » Jewish people » Suspect in killings at Jewish facilities in Kansas to face hate charges, officials sayWashington Post Obama highlights personal connection to Kansas City shootings (+video)Christian Science Monitor - by Linda Feldmann Featured:Did Smirking \u0027Nazi\u0027 Gunman Single Out Jews for Death in Kansas City Rampage?Jewish Daily Forward Highly Cited:Man with history of anti-Semitism jailed in fatal shooting of three at Johnson ...Kansas City Star In Depth:Bullets, Blood And Then Cry Of \u0027Heil Hitler\u0027New York Times Wikipedia:Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting See all 2,353 sources » Related Kansas » Jewish people » PoliticusUSA5 hours ago  -  Google+ The suspect in the Overland Park, Kansas, Jewish Center murders, Frazier Glenn Miller, who goes by the name of Fraiser Glen Cross, Jr., turns out of course, to be the former Grand Dragon of the Caroli…na Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and founder of the White Patriot Party – oh, and a supporter of David Duke. White Supremacy, GOP Politics, and the Jewish Community Center ShootingUSA TODAY  - ?16 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage With Ukraine Tensions Mounting, US Weighs New Sanctions Against Russia New York Times  - ?15 minutes ago? Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew, left, and his Ukrainian counterpart, Oleksandr Shlapak, signed a $1 billion loan guarantee. Credit Shawn Thew/European Pressphoto Agency. Related Ukraine » Ukraine: risks and compromisesThe Guardian Pro-Russia police help foil Ukraine crackdown in eastLos Angeles Times - by Carol J Williams From Ukraine:Associated Press: Ukraine struggles as east slips out of controlKyiv Post From Russia:US sends FBI, treasury experts to advise Ukrainian governmentThe Voice of Russia Opinion:Putin\u0027s world: The view from MoscowFox News In Depth:Ukraine crisis: EU and US mull further Russia sanctionsBBC News See all 4,623 sources » Related Ukraine » Ketan J5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ukraine: Why it\u0027s border is bound to change There is NOTHING that can stop this development of it\u0027s partition. Not that I support it, but there are certain things that speaks for it: 1. This …is a people\u0027s revolution. May be it is supported by Russian no-name soldiers from across the border, but the people there in that region agree and are happy that this happens- at least most of them. 2. Yanukovich still believes he is legitimate p...New York Times  - ?15 minutes ago?Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Undersea Drone Hunt for Malaysian Plane Foiled by Depth Voice of America  - ?13 minutes ago? A U.S. Navy underwater drone sent to search for a missing Malaysian jetliner on the floor of the Indian Ocean had its first mission cut short after exceeding its 4.5 km (2.8 mile) depth limit, Australian search authorities said on Tuesday. Related Malaysia Airlines » Robot sub to dive for missing plane MH370 againThe Australian Bluefin 21 deployed in MH370 search, says JACCThe Star Online From Australia:Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: sea-bed hunt hits hurdle as Bluefin-21 ...Sydney Morning Herald From Malaysia:Search enters new phaseNew Straits Times In Depth:Malaysia Airlines plane search to head underwaterLos Angeles Times - by Julie Makinen See all 2,702 sources » Related Malaysia Airlines » John Nuntiatio6 hours ago  -  Google+ Malaysia Airlines search heads deep underwater in new phase The hunt for flight #MH370 will head deep underwater as the batteries in the flight\u0027s black box recorders had probably died and there was lit…tle chance of finding floating debris, said Australian search chief Angus Houston. The search is now relying on the U.S. Navy\u0027s sophisticated Blue-fin 21 autonomous underwater... Read more... Source: reuters.com The article\u0027s link can be found here: http://www.latestnewsheadline.com? News Aggregator. The latest news headlines from world\u0027s most important news...Voice of America  - ?13 minutes ago?NPRSee realtime coverage Total lunar eclipse: Big crowds expected for \u0027blood moon\u0027 Los Angeles Times  - ?34 minutes ago? With just a few hours left before the the first total eclipse of 2014, the Griffith Observatory is bracing for big crowds tonight and is warning of possible traffic jams for the \"blood moon. Related Lunar eclipse » Moon » Eclipses » \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Myths: Superstitions in the SkiesDiscovery News - by Benjamin Radford Lunar eclipse over Montana early TuesdayNBC Montana In Depth:Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight: How Bright Will the \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Be?Space.com - by Karl Tate Live Updating:Total Lunar Eclipse Live Stream: Watch The \u0027Blood Moon\u0027 Rise Here [VIDEO]International Business Times - by Charles Poladian See all 926 sources » Related Lunar eclipse » Moon » Eclipses » AllNatural.Me4 hours ago  -  Google+ \u0027Full Pink Moon and a total lunar eclipse\u0027 on April 15, 2014 ~ During this full moon, make a decision, tell the universe and then allow it to unfold.  The full moon will be on Tuesday (or Mond…ay for certain time zones). According to the Old Farmer\u0027s Almanac, \"Full Pink Moon\" is one of the traditional Native American names for a full moon that occurs in April. Lest there be any confusion, however, the nickname does not refer...Los Angeles Times  - ?34 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Sun grab Ogwumike with No. 1 pick Fox News  - ?18 minutes ago? Uncasville, CT (SportsNetwork.com) - Wooden Award winner Chiney Ogwumike was selected first overall by the Connecticut Sun as the 2014 WNBA Draft commenced at the Mohegan Sun Hotel and Casino. Related Women\u0027s National Basketball Association » Nneka Ogwumike » Ogwumike, Sims go 1-2 in WNBA draftChicago Tribune - by Philip Hersh Draft is just first step for rookiesESPN In Depth:Sun take Ogwumike with top pick in WNBA draftChron.com - by Joseph Duarte See all 89 sources » Related Women\u0027s National Basketball Association » Nneka Ogwumike »Fox News  - ?18 minutes ago?CBC.caSee realtime coverage Nigeria bomb blast aftermath (graphic content) CBC.ca  - ?34 minutes ago? Suspected Islamic militants struck in the heart of Nigeria on Monday with a massive rush-hour bomb blast at a bus station that killed at least 72 people and wounded 164 in the deadliest attack ever on the nation\u0027s capital. Related Nigeria » Boko Haram » Nigeria bus station blast: BBC at the sceneBBC News Boko Haram rears its head in Nigeria\u0027s capital with deadly bomb blasts (+video)Christian Science Monitor From Nigeria:Nyanya bomb blast: Nigerians react...Nigerian Tribune See all 887 sources » Related Nigeria » Boko Haram » Nigeria We Serve10 hours ago  -  Google+ NIGERIA MOURNS: 71 KILLED, 124 INJURED, IN ABUJA MOTOR PARK BOMBING. The members of the deadly insurgent and terrorist group Boko Haram have detonated a fierce bomb, killing well over 71 persons and …injuring atleast 124 others, in the Nyanya motor park, Abuja. The bombs which appears to have been planted yesterday night on two buses, went off early this morning, as commuters filled the motor park to board the buses to their offices. Some eye...CBC.ca  - ?34 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage North Korea Marathon Opens to Foreign Amateurs TIME  - ?18 minutes ago? Organizers of the Mangyongdae Prize International Marathon, recognized as a bronze-label event by the International Association of Athletics Federations and held for the past 27 years, told the Associated Press they opted to allow the new recreational ... Related North Korea » Pyongyang » Runner: North Korean marathon was \u0027quite funny\u0027BBC News North Korea stages its first international marathonTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:North Korea\u0027s Capital Hosts International MarathonABC News See all 163 sources » Related North Korea » Pyongyang »TIME  - ?18 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Oscar Pistorius is piling lies upon lies, prosecutor argues at trial New York Daily News  - ?16 minutes ago? South African prosecutor Gerrie Nel pounced on the fallen Olympian\u0027s trial testimony, saying that he was changing his defense to involuntary action from putative self-defense. Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius squirms under prosecutor\u0027s cross examination: \u0027I must have ...Washington Post How Pistorius Became a \u0027Liar\u0027Daily Beast Highly Cited:Prosecutor: Pistorius \u0027tailoring\u0027 his account of shootingThe Olympian From South Africa:Oscar Pistorius Cross-examination: Nel Keeps the Pressure OnThe Public News Hub See all 907 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » NBC Washington12 hours ago  -  Google+ UPDATE: Oscar Pistorius said he had no explanation for the fact that food was found in Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s stomach despite his testimony that they ate eight hours before the fatal shooting. http://trib.al/vAUNzXTNew York Daily News  - ?16 minutes ago?Chron.comSee realtime coverage California police chief says sex offenders wore GPS tracking devices during ... Fremont Tribune  - ?1 hour ago? ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - California police chief says sex offenders wore GPS tracking devices during serial killings. Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. Chief: Suspects wore GPS devices during killingsWHP Harrisburg See all 68 sources » Related: California » Rape »Fremont Tribune  - ?1 hour ago?WEARSee realtime coverage Judge won\u0027t halt 2nd sanity review of James Holmes SFGate  - ?1 hour ago? DENVER (AP) - The judge in the Colorado theater shooting case is rejecting a defense attempt to block a second sanity evaluation of defendant James Holmes. Judge won\u0027t stop second sanity review of accused theater gunmanWDEF News 12 See all 12 sources » Related: James Eagan Holmes »SFGate  - ?1 hour ago?WMUR ManchesterSee realtime coverage NH GOP says Jeanne Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time PolitiFact  - ?4 hours ago? With midterm elections on the horizon, Republicans have targeted incumbent U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., for her support of President Barack Obama and his health care reform law. Scott Brown is campaigning all over New Hampshire. And taking pictures of ...Washington Post (blog) - by Chris Cillizza See all 38 sources » Related: Scott Brown » New Hampshire » Jeanne Shaheen »PolitiFact  - ?4 hours ago?Economic TimesSee realtime coverage Citigroup still has a way to go in cost-cutting program Economic Times  - ?35 minutes ago? For Citigroup, cost cutting is particularly difficult, because it operates in more than 100 countries, making it the most international of the US banks. Related Citigroup » Citigroup rises as earnings, revenue top estimatesSFGate Citigroup profits up in quarterly reportThe Augusta Chronicle See all 519 sources » Related Citigroup » Fox Business4 hours ago  -  Google+ A round of strong retail sales data, coupled with upbeat earnings from Citigroup, propelled U.S. markets sharply higher on Monday. #FoxMkts   Wall Street Posts Rebound Rally on Strong Retail SalesEconomic Times  - ?35 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage Budget Office Lowers Estimate for the Cost of Expanding Health Coverage New York Times 1 hour ago Written byAnnie Lowrey WASHINGTON - The insurance expansion under the Affordable Care Act will cost $1.383 trillion over the next decade, more than $100 billion less than previous forecasts, the Congressional Budget Office said Monday. CBO Estimates US Deficit Will Shrink More Than Expected in 2014--UpdateWall Street Journal CBO Slightly Lowers US Deficit EstimatesFox Business In Depth:UPDATE 2-CBO slightly lowers US deficit estimates as health subsidies fallReuters See all 272 sources » Related: Congressional Budget Office » David Brin3 hours ago  -  Google+ Today the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released its latest Obamacare report card (pdf), and for supporters of the law, the news is good: CBO now projects that over 10 years the law will cov…er more people—25 million, up from 24 million—and cost a lot less—$104 billion less—than it had previously forecast. http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-04-14/more-good-news-on-obamacare-just-when-democrats-need-itNew York Times 1 hour ago Written byAnnie LowreyWritten byAnnie LowreyPhilly.comSee realtime coverage Surging retail sales signal an economy on the upswing Los Angeles Times 27 minutes ago Written byTiffany Hsu Americans rushed out to shop as frigid weather lifted in March, propelling retail sales at the fastest pace in a year and a half. The gauge from the Commerce Department surged 1.1% last month from February in its biggest leap since September 2012. March Retail Sales Surged, Bolstering HopesNew York Times Retail Sales Springing BackInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:US Retail Sales Surge 1.1% -- 2nd UpdateWall Street Journal - by Eric Morath See all 224 sources » Related: Retail » Sales » Fox Business4 hours ago  -  Google+ A round of strong retail sales data, coupled with upbeat earnings from Citigroup, propelled U.S. markets sharply higher on Monday. #FoxMkts   Wall Street Posts Rebound Rally on Strong Retail SalesLos Angeles Times 27 minutes ago Written byTiffany HsuWritten byTiffany HsuIBNLiveSee realtime coverage Google Buys Drone Maker Titan Wall Street Journal  - ?54 minutes ago? Google has confirmed it is buying drone maker Titan Aerospace for an undisclosed amount. WSJ\u0027s Google reporter Alistair Barr joins the News Hub to discuss Silicon Valley\u0027s new version of Star Wars. Related Google » Aerospace » Google to acquire drone-maker Titan AerospaceUSA TODAY Google\u0027s Titan drone purchase about more than Internet accessPCWorld In Depth:Google gets in the drone gamePolitico See all 279 sources » Related Google » Aerospace » The Verge2 hours ago  -  Google+ Google has acquired Titan Aerospace and plans to use solar-powered drones to blanket the world in internet access. Turns out Facebook has the exact same idea.Wall Street Journal  - ?54 minutes ago?FirstpostSee realtime coverage Tests confirm Heartbleed bug can expose server\u0027s private key PCWorld 58 minutes ago Written byJeremy Kirk Four researchers working separately have demonstrated a server\u0027s private encryption key can be obtained using the Heartbleed bug, an attack thought possible but unconfirmed. SSL security keys can be accessed by Heartbleed bugkhon2.com Android owners at Heartbleed riskNEWS.com.au In Depth:Heartbleed bug fixes threaten to cause major Internet disruptions in coming weeksWashington Post - by Brian Fung Wikipedia:Heartbleed See all 581 sources » Cris Baker5 hours ago  -  Google+ NSA need say nothing in what it calls \u0027clear national security cases \u0027. In a decision by President Obama, the NSA along with the rest of the government has been authorized to keep quiet about… any Internet security bug, such as Heartbleed, whenever they \"determine there\u0027s \"a clear national security or law enforcement need\".\" So was the NSA\u0027s denial of knowing about the Heartbleed security bug genuine? Or was... NSA can keep quiet on internet flaws it discovers in \u0027clear national...PCWorld 58 minutes ago Written byJeremy KirkWritten byJeremy KirkEconomic TimesSee realtime coverage Microsoft Now Accepts Universal Windows Apps As Its Insta-OEM Kit For ... TechCrunch 43 minutes ago Written byAlex Wilhelm Starting today developers can now link Windows Store and Windows Phone applications to create the already-announced “universal” applications that Microsoft announced recently at its Build developer conference. Universal apps herald cheaper Windows Store pricesPCWorld (blog) - by Mark Hachman Windows Phone 8.1 Can Reportedly Lift Passes from Apple\u0027s PassbookTIME - by Jared Newman In Depth:Windows Phone 8.1: Nice update but hurdles remain the sameZDNet - by Larry Dignan See all 469 sources » Related: Windows Phone » Microsoft Windows » Russell Holly4 hours ago  -  Google+ Here\u0027s my Day One thoughts on Windows Phone 8.1 and Microsoft Cortana. I\u0027m genuinely looking forward to spending more time with this platform, and that alone should tell you how improved this …update feels.  The future of Microsoft mobile: Windows Phone 8.1 and Cortana | Microsoft |...TechCrunch 43 minutes ago Written byAlex WilhelmWritten byAlex WilhelmABC NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Iceland\u0027s Sigur Ros covers \u0027The Rains of Castamere\u0027 Los Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago? \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Iceland\u0027s Sigur Ros covers \u0027The Rains of Castamere\u0027. April 14, 2014 | 4:07 p.m.. Jack Gleeson as King Joffrey in Sunday\u0027s episode of \"Game of Thrones,\" \"The Lion and the Rose,\" written by George R.R. Related Game of Thrones » Game of Thrones: King Joffrey was like Justin BieberTelegraph.co.uk \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 shocker: How cast \u0026 crew of HBO\u0027s hit series pulled off deadly ...New York Daily News Highly Cited:\u0027Game of Thrones\u0027: Jack Gleeson talks royal wedding shocker -- EXCLUSIVEEntertainment Weekly - by James Hibberd Opinion:\u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 review: The lion, the rose and the cruelty of WesterosWashington Post In Depth:Game of Thrones season 4 spoilers: The Secret Diary of King JoffreyMirror.co.uk See all 653 sources » Related Game of Thrones » Mitch Wagner5 hours ago  -  Google+ Jack \"Joffrey\" Gleeson wants to quit acting when he\u0027s done with Game of Thrones . He\u0027s a student at Trinity College, and is considering taking a Masters in Ancient Hebrew, fol…lowed by a PhD. He read a poem at an Amnesty International concert honoring Burmese democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi, and visited Haiti with the humanitarian organization GOAL. It\u0027s as if Joffrey was only a character he plays, and he\u0027s not... Everything to Know About the Actor Who Plays Joffrey on Game of ThronesLos Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago?Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage Coachella 2014: 10 Best Performances Hollywood Reporter  - ?2 hours ago? Outkast and Future Islands steal the show in the desert among plenty of must-see moments. The 2014 edition of the Coachella Valley Arts \u0026 Music Festival was a weekend punctuated by stellar performances and non-stop surprises, spread across the Empire ... Related Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival » Coachella: 5 Takeaways From This Year\u0027s FestivalVariety Music|Artists and Spectators, Not So Far ApartNew York Times Highly Cited:On the scene at Coachella day two: Pharrell, Skrillex, Muse, Lorde -- and a ...Entertainment Weekly (blog) Opinion:Coachella 2014: Beck Gets JoyousBillboard See all 156 sources » Related Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival »Hollywood Reporter  - ?2 hours ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Zac Efron strips off at MTV Movie Awards ceremony BBC News  - ?38 minutes ago? The Hunger Games: Catching Fire took the prize for best film at the MTV Movie Awards, as well as best male and female performance for actors Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence. Related MTV Movie Awards » MTV » Learn How To Turn Nicki Minaj\u0027s MTV Movie Awards Outfit Into Nail ArtMTV.com MTV Movie Awards 2014: Complete List of Winners and NomineesTheWrap Opinion:Zac Efron Gets Interviewed While Still Almost Shirtless at MTV Movie Awards 2014Just Jared In Depth:His Eyes Are Up Here, LadiesDaily Beast See all 2,154 sources » Related MTV Movie Awards » MTV »BBC News  - ?38 minutes ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Get Cozy at Coachella: Get the Scoop! E! Online 17 minutes ago Written byAlyssa Toomey Come on, after that sexy dance video, you didn\u0027t expect these two to stay away from each other for long, right?! Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez were spotted together at Coachella over the weekend, where the on-again, off-again couple fueled rumors once ... Coachella Day 3 rewind: Final acts, fashion and Justin BieberLos Angeles Times - by stacey leasca Selena Gomez Ready to Ditch Justin Bieber for an Older ManFirst Coast News Highly Cited:Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez wants to date older manContactmusic.com Wikipedia:Confident See all 120 sources » Related: Justin Bieber » Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival » Selena Gomez »E! Online 17 minutes ago Written byAlyssa ToomeyWritten byAlyssa ToomeyESPNSee realtime coverage No wrist fracture for Dustin Pedroia ESPN 17 minutes ago Written bygordon edes CHICAGO -- Red Sox second baseman Dustin Pedroia and closer Koji Uehara will be rejoining the team Tuesday in Chicago, the team announced Monday night, after both players underwent exams in Boston by the team\u0027s medical staff on Monday. Red Sox can\u0027t afford to lose Dustin PedroiaBoston.com Dustin Pedroia\u0027s wrist injury isn\u0027t seriousBoston Globe In Depth:Red Sox Notebook: Uehara improves; Pedroia sitsBoston Herald - by Christopher Evans See all 145 sources » Related: Boston Red Sox » Dustin Pedroia »ESPN 17 minutes ago Written bygordon edesWritten bygordon edesHudson Hub-TimesSee realtime coverage Jedd Gyorko signs six-year contract with San Diego Padres Los Angeles Times  - ?23 minutes ago? The San Diego Padres think so much of second baseman Jedd Gyorko that they gave him a hefty raise even though he\u0027s only 13 games into his second full big league season. Related Jedd Gyorko » MLB notebook: Padres\u0027 Gyorko gets 6-year dealTribune-Review Padres sign second baseman Jedd Gyorko to long-term dealGant Daily See all 175 sources » Related Jedd Gyorko »Los Angeles Times  - ?23 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage NFL must do more to monitor the mental health of its players FOXSports.com  - ?48 minutes ago? The recent troubles with 49ers All-Pro defensive end Aldon Smith combined with a report Monday of a pre-season psych evaluation that says he was \"red-flagged\" for an elevated potential for off-field trouble have led some to conclude that Smith may have ... Related Aldon Smith » San Francisco 49ers » Linebacker » Report: Aldon Smith had \u0027higher-than-average\u0027 risk on draft profileCBSSports.com - by Will Brinson Cardinals fans shouldn\u0027t celebrate 49ers\u0027 troublesazcentral.com Opinion:Niners behaving badlySFGate In Depth:Extra Points: Smith\u0027s act should be wearing thin on 49ersFox News Wikipedia:Aldon Smith See all 513 sources » Related Aldon Smith » San Francisco 49ers » Linebacker » Eve Batey6 hours ago  -  Google+ Los Angeles County prosecutors have not yet received case information on San Francisco 49ers player Aldon Smith, who was arrested Sunday on suspicion of falsely reporting he had a bomb at Los Angeles …International Airport, a district attorney’s office spokeswoman said today. No Charges Yet After 49ers Player Arrested For Bomb Remarks At LAXFOXSports.com  - ?48 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage Clemson QB Kelly dismissed from team News \u0026 Observer  - ?1 hour ago? Clemson, SC (SportsNetwork.com) - Clemson quarterback Chad Kelly, nephew of Buffalo Bills Hall of Famer Jim Kelly, has been dismissed from the team for conduct detrimental to the program. Related Clemson Tigers football » Clemson QB Chad Kelly dismissed for conduct issuesCBSSports.com Clemson dismisses QB Kelly after sideline argumentKansas City Star See all 79 sources » Related Clemson Tigers football »News \u0026 Observer  - ?1 hour ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Rocket leak delays International Space Station delivery launch The Post-Standard  - ?36 minutes ago? In this photo provided by NASA, astronaut Rick Mastracchio works to replace a pump in a spacesuit, Monday, April 14, 2014, aboard the International Space Station. Related SpaceX » NASA » Helium leak grounds SpaceX ISS resupply missionRegister SpaceX resupply launch scrubbed by helium leakSpaceflight Now In Depth:SpaceX Postpones Launch to Space StationNBCNews.com - by Alan Boyle Live Updating:SpaceX International Space Station Resupply Mission Live Stream: Watch The ...International Business Times - by Charles Poladian See all 219 sources » Related SpaceX » NASA » NASA5 hours ago  -  Google+ SpaceX’s launch to the International Space Station was scrubbed today due to a helium leak on the Falcon 9 first stage. The next launch opportunity would be Friday, April 18, at 3:25 p.m. EDT if the i…ssue can be resolved.  For more information as it becomes available, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/spacexThe Post-Standard  - ?36 minutes ago?R \u0026 D MagazineSee realtime coverage Adaptive Optics Enhance Subcellular Microscopy Photonics.com  - ?1 hour ago? ASHBURN, Va., April 14, 2014 - Adaptive optics techniques forged for astronomers and ophthalmologists have been brought to bear for biologists seeking sharper microscope images. New technique takes cues from astronomy and ophthalmology to sharpen ...Phys.Org See all 10 sources » Related: Ophthalmology » Janelia Farm Research Campus » Howard Hughes Medical Institute »Photonics.com  - ?1 hour ago?Chron.comSee realtime coverage Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse Boston.com  - ?30 minutes ago? WASHINGTON (AP) - A quick candy bar may stave off more than hunger. It could prevent major fights between husbands and wives, at least if a new study that used voodoo dolls is right. Snack might help you avoid fight with spouseCBS News Angry at your spouse? Check your blood sugarUSA TODAY - by Karen Weintraub Featured:Angry at Your Spouse? Have a Snack Before You Snap!Healthline In Depth:Why Your Spouse May Be \u0027Hangry\u0027 for a FightABC News (blog) See all 116 sources » NBC Bay Area3 hours ago  -  Google+ Have a \"hangry\" spouse? Just feed \u0027em. Seems obvious, but researchers say a quick snack could stave off more than hunger. It could prevent major fights between famished husbands and wiv…es. http://trib.al/8Rpo9bs The Ohio State study used voodoo dolls to measure the blood sugar of 107 married couples. Scientists found those with lower blood sugar levels stuck more pins in their dolls and were more likely to lash out at their spouse.Boston.com  - ?30 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage E-cigarette makers are targeting minors, hooking them on nicotine, say ... New York Daily News  - ?55 minutes ago? Eleven lawmakers, including Sen. Dick Durbin and Rep. Henry Waxman, urged the Food and Drug Administration to stop e-cigarette businesses from selling and marketing their products to kids. Related Cigarettes » United States Congress » Illinois senator pushing for tighter regulations on e-cigarettesWPSD Local 6 Child\u0027s play? E-cigarettes marketed to youngsters, report findsWashington Times In Depth:Congressional report presses for e-cigarette rulesMilwaukee Journal Sentinel See all 205 sources » Related Cigarettes » United States Congress » NBC Washington10 hours ago  -  Google+ Concerns about electronic cigarettes, including flavors and marketing that could appeal to young people, underscore the need to regulate the fast-growing industry. http://trib.al/YrUESKg CHIME IN: What are your concerns …about this new fast growing industry?New York Daily News  - ?55 minutes ago?French TribuneSee realtime coverage Young Dads at Risk of Depressive Symptoms: Study WebMD  - ?9 hours ago? MONDAY, April 14, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Young fathers may be at increased risk of depression symptoms after their baby arrives, all the way through to the child\u0027s kindergarten, a new study suggests. Related Major depression » Depression Risks Increase For Young DadsRTT News Young dads at high risk of depression, tooScience Codex See all 53 sources » Related Major depression »WebMD  - ?9 hours ago?WorldU.S.BusinessTechnologyEntertainmentSportsScienceHealthSettings | Reset | HelpToday 75° 57° Tue 68° 32° Wed 52° 36° Thu 48° 39°Today YesterdayMLBSTL 1 0 Top 3rd MILSEA 0 0 Bot 4th TEXWAS 6 2 Top 7th MIAPIT 7 6 Bot 6th CINATL 2 1 Bot 6th PHITB 1 7 Top 6th BALNYM 6:40 PM PDT ARIOAK 7:05 PM PDT LAACOL 7:10 PM PDT SDNBALAL 2 2 10:57 1Q UTAOKC 46 45 0:00 2Q NOSA 43 50 0:00 2Q HOUORL 44 57 0:00 2Q CHICHA 58 67 3:31 3Q ATLMIL 88 99 5:20 4Q TORMIA 91 114 1:08 4Q WASBOS 101 105 1:59 4Q PHIMEM 7:00 PM PDT PHOMIN 7:30 PM PDT GSNHLDET 3-0 Final STLBOS 2-3 Final NJCAR 6-5 Final PHITB 1-0 Final WASNYI 4-3 Final BUFOTT 3-2 Final PITCOL 2-3 Final ANHNSH 7-3 Final MINCGY 1-5 Final VANDAL 1-2 Final PHOMLSCLB 1-1 Final SJMLBTB 4-12 Final CINTOR 11-3 Final BALMIA 3-4 Final PHIWAS 2-10 Final ATLCLE 3-4 Final CWSPIT 1-4 Final MILKC 3-4 Final MINCHC 4-6 Final STLHOU 0-1 Final TEXNYM 2-14 Final LAACOL 4-5 Final SFDET 1-5 Final SDLAD 8-6 Final ARIOAK 3-0 Final SEABOS 2-3 Final NYYNBAOKC 97-102 Final INDTOR 116-107 Final DETORL 88-97 Final BKNCHI 89-100 Final NYMIN 103-106 Final SACGS 117-119 Final PORMEM 102-90 Final LAL -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":8,"second":1},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
