{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentMurder Charges for Timothy Ray Jones, Dad Accused in Child KillingsT-shirts with rival player\u0027s mug shot take high school soccer rivalry too far ...Ebola Patient Dr. Rick Sacra Gets \u0027Everything We Had\u0027MLB  NFL  MLS  MLB  Modesto, California »Modesto theater heads \u0027True West\u0027 with Sam ShepardJeff Jardine: Shoeshine stand at Peer Recovery starts “conversation”Around the Region (09/11/14)Editors\u0027 PicksIs Amazon\u0027s Failed Phone A Cautionary Tale?As Visible Villain, Islamic State Alters U.S. Political CalculusUnderneath Stonehenge, \u0027A Map Of What Was There In The Past\u0027Suicides Rise In Middle-Aged Men, And Older Men Remain At RiskThis Is Your Brain. This Is Your Brain On MusicSpotlight »Steve Jobs Was a Low-Tech ParentBeware Leaving a Roth for Heirs10 least expensive states to live in the US25 Must-See Films at the 2014 Toronto Film FestivalHow Former Muslim Radical Helped US Nab One of World\u0027s Top TerroristsThe Death of Adulthood in American CultureNFL Power Rankings: Where Does Every Team Stand Heading into Week 2?\"Fantasy\" of Fuel From Corn Waste Gets Big US TestWhy Democrats Can\u0027t Win the HouseFeds issue new regulations on reporting fatal work injuriesCollege Football Rankings Week 3: B/R\u0027s Official Top 25What Happens If Scotland Votes For Independence?Most popularPistorius cleared of murder chargesTop Republicans back Obama\u0027s plan to fight Islamic StateThe Apple Watch: Worth the wait?A Lost-and-Found Nomad Helps Solve the Mystery of a Swimming DinosaurUS threatened massive fine to force Yahoo to release dataRay Rice crisis unlikely to sink Roger Goodell: Arthur\u0027Sons of Guns\u0027 scandal: Joe Meaux shocked by Will Hayden rape charges ...Double solar storms headed to Earth raise disruption concernsUtah teacher shoots herself in the leg at elementary school5 million Google usernames, passwords leaked online","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesYahoo Says Gov\u0027t Threatened $250000 a Day FineThe House, in Rare Unity With Obama, Will Leave the Trail for an ISIS VoteAlex Salmond rants at BBC after RBS says it will quit after \u0027Yes\u0027 voteRavens fans vent on Goodell\u0027s handling of Ray Rice investigationEbola Patient Dr. Rick Sacra Gets \u0027Everything We Had\u0027A Lost-and-Found Nomad Helps Solve the Mystery of a Swimming DinosaurWorld »EU enacting new Russia sanctions Friday as Obama vows to follow suitUN: 45 Fijian peacekeepers freed in SyriaU.S. »9/11 commemorations: US remembers victimsMurder Charges for Timothy Ray Jones, Dad Accused in Child KillingsOn a Day Devoted to Past Events, a Focus on New Terror LinkBusiness »China Fines Volkswagen and Chrysler for Antitrust ViolationsS\u0026P 500 erases losses as oil ralliesRadioShack Bankruptcy Filing Could Be NearHertz strikes board deal with Carl IcahnTechnology »Will Apple Pay Beat eBay\u0027s PayPal?HP Acquires Open Source Cloud PioneerT-Mobile to sell phones that work on wifiEntertainment »Katie Holmes Set To Make Directorial Debut In Movie Adaptation Of \u0027All We Had\u0027Another Comic Book Show? Yes, TNT Is Nearing a Deal for a Titans Pilot ...Sports »Acquittal of Oscar Pistorius on murder charge stuns many S. AfricansUSA to play for gold after trouncing Lithuania in FIBA World Cup semisNBA executives, scouts say racist scouting reports unusualNHL\u0027s new rules ban spin-o-rama, expand video review, fine diversSheriff: Investigation of Stewart crash completeScience »After a Two-Year Trek, NASA\u0027s Mars Rover Reaches Its Mountain LabSequenced gibbon genome gives insights into our chromosomal biologyNorthern lights may glow, but will Michigan be able to see them?Health »Fat Shaming May Feed Obesity Problem, Study FindsFDA Approves Contrave, a New Combination Pill for ObesityRecentModesto, California »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 12 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 12 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT122013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Yahoo Says Gov\u0027t Threatened $250000 a Day Fine ABC News  - ?10 minutes ago? Yahoo said Thursday the government threatened to fine the company $250,000 a day if it did not comply with demands to go along with an expansion of U.S. Related Yahoo! » United States National Security Agency » US Threatened Yahoo With Big Fines Over User DataWall Street Journal Yowza! Yahoo once faced $250K in daily fines from US governmentCNET Trending on Google+:Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250K Daily for Not Complying With PRISMWired In Depth:Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data RequestsNew York Times See all 114 sources » Related Yahoo! » United States National Security Agency » CNET1 hour ago  -  Google+ Declassified documents show that the U.S. government threatened to levy $250K in fines per day if Yahoo refused to comply to demands for user information. Yowza: http://cnet.co/1ADZfvX NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Threatened Yahoo With $250000-a-Day Fines Over User Data CNNMoney CNNMoney Yahoo wins battle in secretive surveillance court SlashGear SlashGear Yahoo: Government made us give info to PRISM Phys.Org Phys.Org US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance Business Insider Business Insider In 2008, The Government Threatened To Fine Yahoo $250000 A Day If It Didn\u0027t ... New York Times New York Times Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data Requests Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Yahoo was threatened by US over metadata SFGate SFGate Documents on Yahoo\u0027s challenge to NSA declassified USA TODAY USA TODAY Government threatened Yahoo in PRISM program UPI.com UPI.com Federal government threatened Yahoo over user information BBC News BBC News Yahoo \u0027threatened\u0027 by US government with $250,00-a-day fine Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Threatened Yahoo for User Data WFMY News 2 WFMY News 2 NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines Over User Data The Wire The Wire NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines for Not Forking Over Metadata International Business Times International Business Times Yahoo Threatened With Daily $250000 Fine For Refusing To Provide NSA ... Neon Tommy Neon Tommy Documents Unsealed In Yahoo Data Privacy Case Gigaom Gigaom Yahoo will publish documents from secret spy court PRISM case, says US ... Lets Talk More Lets Talk More Yahoo Threatened by the Government over PRISM Program Mediaite Mediaite Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250000/Day for Not Turning Over User Data New York TimesSee realtime coverage The House, in Rare Unity With Obama, Will Leave the Trail for an ISIS Vote New York Times  - ?53 minutes ago? “It\u0027s important to give the president what he asked for,” Speaker John A. Boehner said. Credit Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Syria airstrikes need boots on the ground, AF officer saysUSA TODAY U.S. Flew 2700 Iraq Missions Before Obama\u0027s New PushBloomberg Opinion:Terrorists in the Middle East? We\u0027ve got the bombs -- and money -- for that problemLos Angeles Times In Depth:Is Obama\u0027s plan for confronting ISIS legal?CNN See all 8,473 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Roll Call6 hours ago  -  Google+ Senate Democrats Seek More Information on Obama\u0027s ISIS Plan - The Senate’s top Pentagon appropriator told reporters Thursday he will be probing the Obama administration about legal authorities for… the fight against Islamic State extremists, including in Syria. “I have a lot of questions to ask about how they’re both interpreting the vote on the invasion of Iraq and the [authorization of use of military [...]The post Senate Democrats Seek More... Senate Democrats Seek More Information on Obama\u0027s ISIS Plan - The World\u0027s... Channel 4 NewsSee realtime coverage Alex Salmond rants at BBC after RBS says it will quit after \u0027Yes\u0027 vote Daily Mail  - ?32 minutes ago? Alex Salmond today launched an extraordinary rant at the BBC after the broadcaster reported how even the Royal Bank of Scotland planned to relocate to England in the event of independence. Related The Royal Bank of Scotland » Scotland » British banks warn they\u0027ll head south if Scotland quits UKThe Daily Star \u0027Fearmongering,\u0027 depression starts in London with Scottish independence ...National Post From United Kingdom:Scottish independence: Banks lobby for legislation to speed up move southFinancial Times See all 759 sources » Related The Royal Bank of Scotland » Scotland » RT11 hours ago  -  Google+ Partly-nationalized British banks Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) both say they would relocate their headquarters to London if Scots vote for independence on September 18. Banks plan escape to London if Scots choose independence USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Ravens fans vent on Goodell\u0027s handling of Ray Rice investigation USA TODAY  - ?29 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - Ray Rice jerseys were tough to find Thursday night. With the disgraced running back an ex-Baltimore Raven as of Monday, the legions of fans who used to proudly wear Rice\u0027s No. Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » Report: Ray Rice told Roger Goodell that he hit fianceeCBSSports.com Nicole Brown Simpson\u0027s sister compares Ray Rice beating to OJ Simpson ...New York Daily News Opinion:Gene Frenette: Credibility lost, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell needs to step ...Florida Times-Union In Depth:Ruth Marcus: Janay Rice is the real victimNewsOK.com Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 9,957 sources » Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » WLFI News 188 hours ago  -  Google+ BALTIMORE (AP) — Ray Rice was let go by the Baltimore Ravens on Monday and suspended indefinitely by the NFL after a video was released show… Ravens cut RB Ray Rice after release of video NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Ebola Patient Dr. Rick Sacra Gets \u0027Everything We Had\u0027 NBCNews.com  - ?22 minutes ago? Doctors treating the third U.S. Ebola patient, Dr. Rick Sacra, have given him every treatment they can think of, and say something seems to be working because he\u0027s getting better every day. Related Ebola » Aid Worker Recovering From EbolaNew York Times Kent Brantly, Doctor Recovered From Ebola, Donates Blood To Help Sick Doctor ...Huffington Post Opinion:Doctor sickened by Ebola making \u0027remarkable\u0027 recoveryBoston Herald In Depth:American gets blood from fellow Ebola survivorSFGate See all 206 sources » Related Ebola » New York TimesSee realtime coverage A Lost-and-Found Nomad Helps Solve the Mystery of a Swimming Dinosaur New York Times  - ?15 minutes ago? The Spinosaurus answers a question that eluded scientists: Were there dinosaurs that swam? Credit Davide Bonadonna. Continue reading the main story. Related Dinosaurs » Scientists unveil bizarre, 50-foot dinosaur that lived in the waterPocono Record Alien-like, giant, water-living dinosaur unveiledThe Salem News Trending on Google+:Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to SwimNational Geographic Opinion:Spinosaurus Was First Swimming DinosaurDaily Beast In Depth:Crocodile Meets Godzilla — A Swimming Dino Bigger Than T. RexNPR See all 202 sources » Related Dinosaurs » KQED SCIENCE5 hours ago  -  Google+ Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to Swim \"The biggest and the baddest among meat-eating dinosaurs, Spinosaurus may have also been the first dinosaur to take to …the water, swimming in North Africa\u0027s rivers some 97 million years ago, researchers reported on Thursday.\" Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to Swim World » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage EU enacting new Russia sanctions Friday as Obama vows to follow suit The Globe and Mail  - ?1 hour ago? European Union governments agreed on Thursday that new economic sanctions on Russia will take effect on Friday, but held out the prospect of cancelling some or all of them next month if they believe a peace plan is working. Related European Union » Russia » Russia faces new US, EU sanctions over Ukraine crisisReuters Africa U.S. Joining EU on Russian Curbs Sets Stage for ReprisalBloomberg From Russia:Sanctions pressure on Russia continues despite Ukraine de-escalation - envoy ...ITAR-TASS Trending on Google+:Latest Russia sanctions will take effect Friday, EU saysRT Opinion:Russia Hit By More U.S. SanctionsDaily Beast See all 1,678 sources » Related European Union » Russia » Fox Business11 hours ago  -  Google+ U.S. equity futures moved decisively lower after the European Union announced new sanctions against Russia aimed at cutting access to capital markets. U.S. Stock Futures Follow European Equities Lower Daily MailSee realtime coverage UN: 45 Fijian peacekeepers freed in Syria Daily Mail  - ?4 hours ago? BEIRUT (AP) - Al-Qaida-linked militants released 45 Fijian peacekeepers captured two week ago in Syria, ending the U.N.\u0027s fourth crisis over abducted soldiers in the Golan Heights since March 2013 amid questions about the future of the 40-year-old ... Related United Nations peacekeeping » Golan Heights » Fijian UN peacekeepers freedBrisbane Times Al Qaeda-backed group releases video of kidnapped UN peacekeepersDaily Times From Fiji:French envoy pays tribute to peacekeepers\u0027 courageFiji Times See all 557 sources » Related United Nations peacekeeping » Golan Heights » Yahoo News1 hour ago  -  Google+ Dozens of Fijian U.N. peacekeepers, released by al Qaeda-linked group Nusra Front in Syria, have arrived in Israeli-held territory on the Golan Heights, an Israeli military official said. Read more: …http://yhoo.it/1qIaXV9 More World stories U.S. » Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage 9/11 commemorations: US remembers victims BBC News  - ?23 minutes ago? Americans have commemorated the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks with ceremonies in New York and Washington. The ceremonies began just before 09:00 local (13:00 GMT) and included a reading out of the names of those who died in the ... Related September 11 attacks » Families of 9/11 victims mark 13th anniversary of terrorist attackGant Daily Olivier Douliery | MCTBangor Daily News Trending on Google+:Ceremony Marks 13th Anniversary of Sept. 11 AttacksWall Street Journal In Depth:New terror fight casts shadow over 9/11 ceremoniesChron.com See all 683 sources » Related September 11 attacks » Janeka Smith3 hours ago  -  Google+ SEPTEMBER 11, 2012 2ND Anniversary of the attack in Benghazi, Libya. 4 Americans savagely murdered as they pleaded for assistance from American forces. Rest In Peace Ambassador Christoph…er Stevens. Sean Smith. Glen Doherty. Tyrone Woods #9/11 #benghazi? NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Murder Charges for Timothy Ray Jones, Dad Accused in Child Killings NBCNews.com  - ?19 minutes ago? The South Carolina father accused of killing his five kids - the youngest of which was just one year old - was transferred from Mississippi to a jail in South Carolina Thursday where he was served with five arrest warrants for murder, officials said. Related South Carolina » Prosecutor: 3 babies\u0027 bodies found in filthy houseWBTW - Myrtle Beach and Florence SC Father accused of killing his kids back in SCUSA TODAY In Depth:Case worker: Dad overwhelmed before 5 kids killedSTLtoday.com See all 153 sources » Related South Carolina » Toledo News Now7 hours ago  -  Google+ New information in the case of the South Carolina man accused of killing his 5 young children: 32-year-old Timothy Jones was convicted of several crimes in Illinois in 2001. \"Typical teenager d…oing stupid stuff, that\u0027s about it,\" his dad said. That \"stupid stuff\" included cocaine possession, car theft, burglary and forging checks. APNewsBreak: SC dad accused in 5 deaths was ex-con New York TimesSee realtime coverage On a Day Devoted to Past Events, a Focus on New Terror Link New York Times  - ?7 minutes ago? The president commemorated the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks at a ceremony at the Pentagon. Publish Date September 11, 2014. Related September 11 attacks » Obama at Pentagon Memorial: \u0027We carry on because we do not give in to fear ...Washington Post Nation pauses to remember 9/11 anniversaryHouston Chronicle Opinion:Obama Outlined a Reasonable Strategy for Attacking ISIS. What could go wrong?Slate Magazine See all 512 sources » Related September 11 attacks » Bill DeWitt1 hour ago  -  Google+ On the anniversary of the September Eleventh attack, Obama reauthorizes the War on Iraq that he was elected to end. How symbolic. But not in a good way... Instead of going it alone with about 40 cou…ntries in a \"rash decision\" that took 9 months and Congressional approval, like Bush, Obama has a broad coalition of 9, wait, make that 8, countries that halfheartedly support him, kind of, in a way, and will use a \"strategy\" whic... More U.S. stories Business » New York TimesSee realtime coverage China Fines Volkswagen and Chrysler for Antitrust Violations New York Times  - ?34 minutes ago? A production line of Golf sedans manufactured at a Volkswagen plant jointly operated with China FAW in Guangdong Province. Credit Chinafotopress, via Getty Images. Related Chrysler Group LLC » China fines Audi, Chrysler on monopoly chargesKansas City Star China fines foreign auto makers for price-fixingMarketWatch See all 173 sources » Related Chrysler Group LLC » TODAYonlineSee realtime coverage S\u0026P 500 erases losses as oil rallies Chicago Tribune  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK - The Standard \u0026 Poor\u0027s 500 index erased losses Thursday, sending the gauge higher for a second day, as a rebound in oil offset concerns over escalating geopolitical tension and the timing of possible interest-rate increases. US: S\u0026P 500 rebounds with energy shares; Dow dipsTHE BUSINESS TIMES (subscription) US STOCKS-Wall St edges down; energy shares extend declineDaily Mail See all 27 sources » New York TimesSee realtime coverage RadioShack Bankruptcy Filing Could Be Near New York Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Photo. RadioShack said in a regulatory filing that, absent an external solution, it would be unable to finance its operations \"beyond the very near term. Related RadioShack » RadioShack warns of possible Ch. 11 bankruptcyScottsbluff Star Herald Retail expert weighs in on RadioShack\u0027s futureWFAA Opinion:Why RadioShack Corporation Stock Is Skyrocketing TodayMotley Fool In Depth:RadioShack Searches for a LifelineWall Street Journal See all 290 sources » Related RadioShack » ForbesSee realtime coverage Hertz strikes board deal with Carl Icahn Financial Times  - ?2 hours ago? Hertz, the car rental operator facing questions over its accounting, on Thursday headed off trouble on a second front when it agreed in principle to demands from Carl Icahn, the activist investor, to appoint three nominees to its board. Related The Hertz Corporation » Carl Icahn » Hertz so good for Icahn: Activist gets three nominees on car rental company\u0027s ...Fortune Hertz to add 3 Icahn candidates to boardUSA TODAY In Depth:Hertz Reaches an Agreement-in-Principle With Carl Icahn to Add Three DirectorsMarketWatch See all 97 sources » Related The Hertz Corporation » Carl Icahn » More Business stories Technology » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Will Apple Pay Beat eBay\u0027s PayPal? ValueWalk  - ?1 hour ago? Ebay Inc. NASDAQ:EBAY is a San Jose, California based American multinational Internet consumer-to-consumer corporation, comprising of more than 128 million active users around the globe. Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Apple Watch Is the Next BYOD Headache for BusinessPC Magazine The Apple Watch: Worth the wait?The Star Online Featured:Apple launches the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Watch, ushers in new eraThe Hoops News Opinion:Bigger is better: 8 reasons to choose the iPhone 6 PlusCult of Mac See all 10,271 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Leapfrog Technology Group3 hours ago  -  Google+ It’s official – Apple has the world talking. Two days later! Whether you like it or not, it looks like this release is geared up to be a success. Three products. Two phones. One watch. How many new …fans? If you’re short on time or don’t feel like reading further, feel free to check out this two minute video to get a quick summary of Apple’s announcements : http://goo.gl/vfPmbO On September 9, 2014, Apple unveiled two iPhone 6 models. With the 6 measuring in at ... ReutersSee realtime coverage HP Acquires Open Source Cloud Pioneer Wired  - ?38 minutes ago? Tech giant HP is acquiring Eucalyptus, makers of an open source system that helps companies build cloud computing services in their own data centers. Related Cloud computing » Hewlett-Packard » HP gulps cloud vendor Eucalyptus, says Helion is all-in for ... OpenStackRegister Biz Break: Hewlett-Packard jumps back into acquisition market with cloud ...San Jose Mercury News Highly Cited:HP buys Eucalyptus as cloud consolidation commences for realGigaom In Depth:HP Rattles Amazon\u0027s Cage, Solidifies Hybrid Cloud Strategy With Eucalyptus BuyCRN See all 54 sources » Related Cloud computing » Hewlett-Packard » CNNSee realtime coverage T-Mobile to sell phones that work on wifi NEWS.com.au  - ?57 minutes ago? T-MOBILE will sell more than 100 smartphone models with a built-in feature that taps into Wi-Fi networks to make phone calls and send texts when customers can\u0027t connect to the wireless carrier\u0027s mobile network. Related T-Mobile US, Inc. » Wi-Fi » Mobile phones » Apple to offer in-store iPhone 6 pickups for online preordersApple Insider iPhone 6 pre-orders: price, availability and alternatives for getting oneThe Patriot-News (blog) Opinion:AT\u0026T Will Give You $200 Minimum for Your Old iPhone 4Gizmodo In Depth:T-Mobile offers iPhone 6, 6 Plus on monthly payment planCNET See all 417 sources » Related T-Mobile US, Inc. » Wi-Fi » Mobile phones » Android Dissected11 hours ago  -  Google+ Wednesday T-Mobile unleashed WiFi in Un-Carrier 7.0. It isn\u0027t the most radical Un-Carrier phase, but it is still another great step forward! Un-Carrier 7.0 From T-Mobile Promises WiFi Calling For All More Technology stories Entertainment » Contactmusic.comSee realtime coverage Katie Holmes Set To Make Directorial Debut In Movie Adaptation Of \u0027All We Had\u0027 Contactmusic.com  - ?1 hour ago? The 35 year-old actress will direct and star in a film adaptation of the debut novel by Annie Weatherwax. Talented actress Katie Holmes is embarking on a new project that will be different to anything she has done before. Related Katie Holmes » Holmes to make directorial debutTV3.ie Katie Holmes to make directorial debut with \u0027All We Had\u0027Zap2it.com (blog) In Depth:Katie Holmes Making Directorial Debut with \u0027All We Had\u0027 Adaptation!Just Jared See all 49 sources » Related Katie Holmes » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Another Comic Book Show? Yes, TNT Is Nearing a Deal for a Titans Pilot ... E! Online  - ?24 minutes ago? Hope you\u0027re not sick of comic book shows on TV! In addition to all the new (The Flash, Gotham, Constantine, iZombie, Agent Carter), returning (Arrow, Agents of S.H. Related DC Comics » Dick Grayson » Teen Titans return: DC Comics near deal for Nightwing TV pilotEntertainment Weekly DC Comics\u0027 \u0027Titans\u0027 Nears Pilot Order at TNTTheWrap Highly Cited:DC Comics Superhero Drama \u0027Titans\u0027 Near Pilot Order at TNTHollywood Reporter Trending on Google+:Titans TV Series in the Works Featuring NightwingIGN Opinion:\u0027Teen Titans\u0027 TV Series Being Developed For TNTScreen Rant See all 34 sources » Related DC Comics » Dick Grayson » More Entertainment stories Sports » South African Broadcasting CorporationSee realtime coverage Acquittal of Oscar Pistorius on murder charge stuns many S. Africans Los Angeles Times  - ?21 minutes ago? Los Angeles Times Johannesburg bureau chief Robyn Dixon and Ann Simmons discuss the judge\u0027s initial ruling in the murder trial of South African double-amputee Olympian Oscar Pistorius, who shot and killed girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp last year. Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius free to compete again despite International Paralympic ...Telegraph.co.uk Here Is What You Need To Know About The Oscar Pistorius Veridct And How It ...Huffington Post Trending on Google+:Judge: Oscar Pistorius \u0027negligent,\u0027 but not guilty of premeditated murderWashington Post Opinion:Will Oscar Pistorius Still Get Jail Time?Daily Beast In Depth:Pistorius cleared of murder, culpable homicide verdict to comeReuters Live Updating:Live stream: Oscar Pistorius verdict day 2Stuff.co.nz See all 2,920 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Ora TV6 hours ago  -  Google+ Oscar Pistorius Found Not Guilty for Murder of Reeva Steenkamp, Waits for Verdcit on Lesser Charge http://bit.ly/1rOCDnV via #NewsBreaker Toronto StarSee realtime coverage USA to play for gold after trouncing Lithuania in FIBA World Cup semis SI.com  - ?22 minutes ago? USA defeated Lithuania 96-68 in the FIBA World Cup semifinals on Thursday to advance to the gold medal game. France and Serbia will square off in a semifinal contest on Friday; the winner will go on to face USA in Sunday\u0027s championship game. Related FIBA » United States of America » US breeze past Lithuania into finalBangkok Post Basketball: U.S. steam rolls Lithuania to reach World Cup finalSalt Lake Tribune In Depth:USA pulls away from Lithuania 96-68, advances to gold medal gameCBSSports.com See all 186 sources » Related FIBA » United States of America » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage NBA executives, scouts say racist scouting reports unusual USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago? If Atlanta Hawks general manager Danny Ferry were the original source of the racist scouting report he read about Luol Deng, he might be out of a job. Related Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks » Luol Deng » Audio confirms Ferry\u0027s remarksESPN Listen to Danny Ferry say Luol Deng \u0027has a little African in him\u0027SB Nation Highly Cited:Listen to the audio recording of Hawks GM Danny Ferry saying Luol Deng has ...NBCSports.com Opinion:Listen to audio of Hawks GM Danny Ferry\u0027s racist commentSI.com See all 33 sources » Related Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks » Luol Deng » Philly.comSee realtime coverage NHL\u0027s new rules ban spin-o-rama, expand video review, fine divers CBSSports.com  - ?1 hour ago? The NHL\u0027s board of governors and NHLPA have approved some significant rule changes for the 2014-15 season. Among the biggest are expanding video review, fines for embellishment, and some adjustments to the overtime procedure. Related National Hockey League » NHL rules changes crack down on divingSFGate NHL announces rule changes for new seasonSun Sentinel In Depth:What to make of NHL\u0027s rule changes for 2014-15SI.com See all 92 sources » Related National Hockey League » ReutersSee realtime coverage Sheriff: Investigation of Stewart crash complete Kansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago? Three-time NASCAR champion Tony Stewart will find out no later than next week whether authorities will pursue charges in the death of a driver he struck during a sprint car race in upstate New York last month. Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Sheriff: Investigation into death of Kevin Ward Jr. completedCBSSports.com Tony Stewart-Kevin Ward Jr. investigation concludes, police sayCNN From Canada:Investigation into Kevin Ward\u0027s death completeNorthumberland Today In Depth:NASCAR: Investigation into Kevin Ward Jr. death completeDetroit Free Press See all 107 sources » Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Toledo News Now2 hours ago  -  Google+ Officials have finished their investigation of the fatal NASCAR crash involving driver Tony Stewart. It is not yet known whether Stewart will face any charges in the crash. Sheriff: Investigation of Stewart crash complete More Sports stories Science » SFGateSee realtime coverage After a Two-Year Trek, NASA\u0027s Mars Rover Reaches Its Mountain Lab New York Times  - ?19 minutes ago? An image from NASA\u0027s Curiosity rover on Mars shows the Amargosa Valley on the slopes leading up to its main destination, three-mile-high Mount Sharp. Related NASA » Aeolis Mons » Mars Science Laboratory » NASA\u0027s Mars rover Curiosity makes it to Martian mountainUPI.com Mars rover finally reaches big mountainUSA TODAY Opinion:The Mars Rover Curiosity Has Finally Arrived At Her DestinationBusiness Insider In Depth:NASA\u0027s Mars rover begins its major scientific missionComputerworld See all 146 sources » Related NASA » Aeolis Mons » Mars Science Laboratory » NASA6 hours ago  -  Google+ After about two years, our Mars Curiosity rover reached its long-term prime destination, Mount Sharp. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1qNHZlt  ReutersSee realtime coverage Sequenced gibbon genome gives insights into our chromosomal biology Tech Times  - ?27 minutes ago? Gibbons have \"scrambled\" DNA in the genomes that may yield clues to their evolutionary history. The research could also yield insights into human diseases such as cancer, researchers say. Related Gibbon » Gibbon Genome: Scientists decipher Genetic Sequence to reveal secretsCapital OTC Scientists sequence gibbon genomeMaine News Online Trending on Google+:Shattering DNA may have let gibbons evolve new speciesNew Scientist See all 38 sources » Related Gibbon » Belfast TelegraphSee realtime coverage Northern lights may glow, but will Michigan be able to see them? The Muskegon Chronicle  - ?1 hour ago? This is a northern lights forecast for Thursday night, Sept. 11, 2014. The solid green line shows the farthest southward extent of the visibility of northern lights, if skies are clear. Northern lights: Solar activity expected to produce \u0027good viewing\u0027 of aurora ...The Oregonian - OregonLive.com Northern Lights shining in parts of Britain tonightDaily Mail In Depth:Back-to-Back Sun Storms May Supercharge Earth\u0027s Northern LightsYahoo News UK See all 52 sources » USA TODAY6 hours ago  -  Google+ A solar storm could disrupt communications Friday and Saturday —but it will also expand the aurora borealis, or Northern Lights, across Canada and the northern U.S.: http://usat.ly/1wjAV4P (Photo by Alexis Coram, Your Tak…e) More Science stories Health » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Fat Shaming May Feed Obesity Problem, Study Finds RTT News  - ?2 hours ago? Fat shaming, or the harassing of overweight people, can actually make the obesity problem worse, a new study has found. Researchers at University College London asked 3,000 people if they had ever faced discrimination on the basis of their weight. Related Weight loss » Obesity » \u0027Fat shaming\u0027 might actually cause weight gainKSHB \u0027Fat shaming\u0027 is fueling the obesity crisisTech Times Highly Cited:\u0027Fat shaming\u0027 doesn\u0027t work, a new study saysWashington Post Opinion:Fat-shaming: how the slim and sanctimonious help to cause our obesity crisisThe Guardian In Depth:\u0027Fat Shaming\u0027 Linked To Weight GainHuffington Post See all 95 sources » Related Weight loss » Obesity » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage FDA Approves Contrave, a New Combination Pill for Obesity Healthline  - ?3 hours ago? The FDA has given its seal of approval to Contrave, making it the third drug recently approved for obesity after more than a decade-long drought of new drugs in this category. Related Food and Drug Administration » Weight loss » FDA approves new weight-loss drugWOAI FDA Approves New Diet Pill That\u0027s Made Of Old MedicinesWYSO In Depth:Contrave, Newest Weight-Loss Option: FAQsWebMD See all 229 sources » Related Food and Drug Administration » Weight loss » More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Murder Charges for Timothy Ray Jones, Dad Accused in Child Killings NBCNews.com - 19 minutes ago T-shirts with rival player\u0027s mug shot take high school soccer rivalry too far ... Fox News - 19 minutes ago Ebola Patient Dr. Rick Sacra Gets \u0027Everything We Had\u0027 NBCNews.com - 22 minutes ago Weather for Modesto, California Today 97° 64° Fri 97° 64° Sat 97° 64° Sun 95° 63° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB   MIA 0 2 Bot 3rd MIL BOS 1 2 Top 2nd KC LAA 2 1 Top 2nd TEX WAS 6 1 Top 5th NYM TB 4 0 Bot 7th NYY PIT 4 0 Bot 6th PHI MIN 2-8 Final CLE STL 0-1 Final CIN OAK 0-1 Final CHW MIN 0-2 Final CLE ARI 2-6 Final SF NFL   PIT 0 7 15:00 2Q BAL live match MLS   LA 2-2 Final MTL DC 0-1 Final NY SJ 0-2 Final VAN MLB   BAL 10-6 Final BOS ATL 6-2 Final WAS TB 5-8 Final NYY PIT 6-3 Final PHI MIN - Final CLE CHC 1-11 Final TOR KC 3-0 Final DET COL 0-2 Final NYM STL 2-4 Final CIN LAA 8-1 Final TEX OAK 1-2 Final CHW MIA 1-4 Final MIL HOU 5-2 Final SEA SD 0-4 Final LAD ARI 0-5 Final SF Modesto, California » Modesto theater heads \u0027True West\u0027 with Sam Shepard Modesto Bee - 16 hours ago Jeff Jardine: Shoeshine stand at Peer Recovery starts “conversation” Modesto Bee - Sep 10, 2014 Around the Region (09/11/14) Modesto Bee - Sep 10, 2014 Editors\u0027 Picks Is Amazon\u0027s Failed Phone A Cautionary Tale? Aarti Shahani As Visible Villain, Islamic State Alters U.S. Political Calculus Ron Elving Underneath Stonehenge, \u0027A Map Of What Was There In The Past\u0027 Krishnadev Calamur Suicides Rise In Middle-Aged Men, And Older Men Remain At Risk Alison Bruzek This Is Your Brain. This Is Your Brain On Music Cory Turner Learn more Spotlight » Steve Jobs Was a Low-Tech Parent New York Times - 3 hours ago Beware Leaving a Roth for Heirs Wall Street Journal - Sep 7, 2014 10 least expensive states to live in the US USA TODAY - Sep 7, 2014 25 Must-See Films at the 2014 Toronto Film Festival RollingStone.com - Sep 4, 2014 How Former Muslim Radical Helped US Nab One of World\u0027s Top Terrorists National Geographic - 5 hours ago The Death of Adulthood in American Culture New York Times - 51 minutes ago NFL Power Rankings: Where Does Every Team Stand Heading into Week 2? Bleacher Report - Sep 7, 2014 \"Fantasy\" of Fuel From Corn Waste Gets Big US Test National Geographic - 12 hours ago Why Democrats Can\u0027t Win the House New York Times - Sep 6, 2014 Feds issue new regulations on reporting fatal work injuries PBS NewsHour - 2 hours ago College Football Rankings Week 3: B/R\u0027s Official Top 25 Bleacher Report - Sep 7, 2014 What Happens If Scotland Votes For Independence? TIME - Sep 10, 2014 Most popular Pistorius cleared of murder charges DAWN.com - 17 minutes ago Top Republicans back Obama\u0027s plan to fight Islamic State Firstpost - 14 minutes ago The Apple Watch: Worth the wait? The Star Online - 1 hour ago A Lost-and-Found Nomad Helps Solve the Mystery of a Swimming Dinosaur New York Times - 15 minutes ago US threatened massive fine to force Yahoo to release data Washington Post - 2 minutes ago Ray Rice crisis unlikely to sink Roger Goodell: Arthur Toronto Star - 16 minutes ago \u0027Sons of Guns\u0027 scandal: Joe Meaux shocked by Will Hayden rape charges ... Fox News - 3 hours ago Double solar storms headed to Earth raise disruption concerns Reuters India - 25 minutes ago Utah teacher shoots herself in the leg at elementary school Salt Lake Tribune - 8 minutes ago 5 million Google usernames, passwords leaked online Economic Times - 1 hour agoABC NewsSee realtime coverage Yahoo Says Gov\u0027t Threatened $250000 a Day Fine ABC News  - ?10 minutes ago? Yahoo said Thursday the government threatened to fine the company $250,000 a day if it did not comply with demands to go along with an expansion of U.S. Related Yahoo! » United States National Security Agency » US Threatened Yahoo With Big Fines Over User DataWall Street Journal Yowza! Yahoo once faced $250K in daily fines from US governmentCNET Trending on Google+:Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250K Daily for Not Complying With PRISMWired In Depth:Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data RequestsNew York Times See all 114 sources » Related Yahoo! » United States National Security Agency » CNET1 hour ago  -  Google+ Declassified documents show that the U.S. government threatened to levy $250K in fines per day if Yahoo refused to comply to demands for user information. Yowza: http://cnet.co/1ADZfvX NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Threatened Yahoo With $250000-a-Day Fines Over User Data CNNMoney CNNMoney Yahoo wins battle in secretive surveillance court SlashGear SlashGear Yahoo: Government made us give info to PRISM Phys.Org Phys.Org US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance Business Insider Business Insider In 2008, The Government Threatened To Fine Yahoo $250000 A Day If It Didn\u0027t ... New York Times New York Times Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data Requests Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Yahoo was threatened by US over metadata SFGate SFGate Documents on Yahoo\u0027s challenge to NSA declassified USA TODAY USA TODAY Government threatened Yahoo in PRISM program UPI.com UPI.com Federal government threatened Yahoo over user information BBC News BBC News Yahoo \u0027threatened\u0027 by US government with $250,00-a-day fine Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Threatened Yahoo for User Data WFMY News 2 WFMY News 2 NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines Over User Data The Wire The Wire NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines for Not Forking Over Metadata International Business Times International Business Times Yahoo Threatened With Daily $250000 Fine For Refusing To Provide NSA ... Neon Tommy Neon Tommy Documents Unsealed In Yahoo Data Privacy Case Gigaom Gigaom Yahoo will publish documents from secret spy court PRISM case, says US ... Lets Talk More Lets Talk More Yahoo Threatened by the Government over PRISM Program Mediaite Mediaite Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250000/Day for Not Turning Over User DataABC News  - ?10 minutes ago?NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Threatened Yahoo With $250000-a-Day Fines Over User Data CNNMoney CNNMoney Yahoo wins battle in secretive surveillance court SlashGear SlashGear Yahoo: Government made us give info to PRISM Phys.Org Phys.Org US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance Business Insider Business Insider In 2008, The Government Threatened To Fine Yahoo $250000 A Day If It Didn\u0027t ... New York Times New York Times Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data Requests Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Yahoo was threatened by US over metadata SFGate SFGate Documents on Yahoo\u0027s challenge to NSA declassified USA TODAY USA TODAY Government threatened Yahoo in PRISM program UPI.com UPI.com Federal government threatened Yahoo over user information BBC News BBC News Yahoo \u0027threatened\u0027 by US government with $250,00-a-day fine Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Threatened Yahoo for User Data WFMY News 2 WFMY News 2 NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines Over User Data The Wire The Wire NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines for Not Forking Over Metadata International Business Times International Business Times Yahoo Threatened With Daily $250000 Fine For Refusing To Provide NSA ... Neon Tommy Neon Tommy Documents Unsealed In Yahoo Data Privacy Case Gigaom Gigaom Yahoo will publish documents from secret spy court PRISM case, says US ... Lets Talk More Lets Talk More Yahoo Threatened by the Government over PRISM Program Mediaite Mediaite Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250000/Day for Not Turning Over User DataNBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Threatened Yahoo With $250000-a-Day Fines Over User Data CNNMoney CNNMoney Yahoo wins battle in secretive surveillance court SlashGear SlashGear Yahoo: Government made us give info to PRISM Phys.Org Phys.Org US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance Business Insider Business Insider In 2008, The Government Threatened To Fine Yahoo $250000 A Day If It Didn\u0027t ... New York Times New York Times Documents Unsealed in Yahoo\u0027s Case Against US Data Requests Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Yahoo was threatened by US over metadata SFGate SFGate Documents on Yahoo\u0027s challenge to NSA declassified USA TODAY USA TODAY Government threatened Yahoo in PRISM program UPI.com UPI.com Federal government threatened Yahoo over user information BBC News BBC News Yahoo \u0027threatened\u0027 by US government with $250,00-a-day fine Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Threatened Yahoo for User Data WFMY News 2 WFMY News 2 NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines Over User Data The Wire The Wire NSA Threatened Yahoo With Daily $250K Fines for Not Forking Over Metadata International Business Times International Business Times Yahoo Threatened With Daily $250000 Fine For Refusing To Provide NSA ... Neon Tommy Neon Tommy Documents Unsealed In Yahoo Data Privacy Case Gigaom Gigaom Yahoo will publish documents from secret spy court PRISM case, says US ... Lets Talk More Lets Talk More Yahoo Threatened by the Government over PRISM Program Mediaite Mediaite Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250000/Day for Not Turning Over User DataNew York TimesSee realtime coverage The House, in Rare Unity With Obama, Will Leave the Trail for an ISIS Vote New York Times  - ?53 minutes ago? “It\u0027s important to give the president what he asked for,” Speaker John A. Boehner said. Credit Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Syria airstrikes need boots on the ground, AF officer saysUSA TODAY U.S. Flew 2700 Iraq Missions Before Obama\u0027s New PushBloomberg Opinion:Terrorists in the Middle East? We\u0027ve got the bombs -- and money -- for that problemLos Angeles Times In Depth:Is Obama\u0027s plan for confronting ISIS legal?CNN See all 8,473 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Roll Call6 hours ago  -  Google+ Senate Democrats Seek More Information on Obama\u0027s ISIS Plan - The Senate’s top Pentagon appropriator told reporters Thursday he will be probing the Obama administration about legal authorities for… the fight against Islamic State extremists, including in Syria. “I have a lot of questions to ask about how they’re both interpreting the vote on the invasion of Iraq and the [authorization of use of military [...]The post Senate Democrats Seek More... Senate Democrats Seek More Information on Obama\u0027s ISIS Plan - The World\u0027s...New York Times  - ?53 minutes ago?Channel 4 NewsSee realtime coverage Alex Salmond rants at BBC after RBS says it will quit after \u0027Yes\u0027 vote Daily Mail  - ?32 minutes ago? Alex Salmond today launched an extraordinary rant at the BBC after the broadcaster reported how even the Royal Bank of Scotland planned to relocate to England in the event of independence. Related The Royal Bank of Scotland » Scotland » British banks warn they\u0027ll head south if Scotland quits UKThe Daily Star \u0027Fearmongering,\u0027 depression starts in London with Scottish independence ...National Post From United Kingdom:Scottish independence: Banks lobby for legislation to speed up move southFinancial Times See all 759 sources » Related The Royal Bank of Scotland » Scotland » RT11 hours ago  -  Google+ Partly-nationalized British banks Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) both say they would relocate their headquarters to London if Scots vote for independence on September 18. Banks plan escape to London if Scots choose independenceDaily Mail  - ?32 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Ravens fans vent on Goodell\u0027s handling of Ray Rice investigation USA TODAY  - ?29 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - Ray Rice jerseys were tough to find Thursday night. With the disgraced running back an ex-Baltimore Raven as of Monday, the legions of fans who used to proudly wear Rice\u0027s No. Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » Report: Ray Rice told Roger Goodell that he hit fianceeCBSSports.com Nicole Brown Simpson\u0027s sister compares Ray Rice beating to OJ Simpson ...New York Daily News Opinion:Gene Frenette: Credibility lost, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell needs to step ...Florida Times-Union In Depth:Ruth Marcus: Janay Rice is the real victimNewsOK.com Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 9,957 sources » Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » WLFI News 188 hours ago  -  Google+ BALTIMORE (AP) — Ray Rice was let go by the Baltimore Ravens on Monday and suspended indefinitely by the NFL after a video was released show… Ravens cut RB Ray Rice after release of videoUSA TODAY  - ?29 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Ebola Patient Dr. Rick Sacra Gets \u0027Everything We Had\u0027 NBCNews.com  - ?22 minutes ago? Doctors treating the third U.S. Ebola patient, Dr. Rick Sacra, have given him every treatment they can think of, and say something seems to be working because he\u0027s getting better every day. Related Ebola » Aid Worker Recovering From EbolaNew York Times Kent Brantly, Doctor Recovered From Ebola, Donates Blood To Help Sick Doctor ...Huffington Post Opinion:Doctor sickened by Ebola making \u0027remarkable\u0027 recoveryBoston Herald In Depth:American gets blood from fellow Ebola survivorSFGate See all 206 sources » Related Ebola »NBCNews.com  - ?22 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage A Lost-and-Found Nomad Helps Solve the Mystery of a Swimming Dinosaur New York Times  - ?15 minutes ago? The Spinosaurus answers a question that eluded scientists: Were there dinosaurs that swam? Credit Davide Bonadonna. Continue reading the main story. Related Dinosaurs » Scientists unveil bizarre, 50-foot dinosaur that lived in the waterPocono Record Alien-like, giant, water-living dinosaur unveiledThe Salem News Trending on Google+:Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to SwimNational Geographic Opinion:Spinosaurus Was First Swimming DinosaurDaily Beast In Depth:Crocodile Meets Godzilla — A Swimming Dino Bigger Than T. RexNPR See all 202 sources » Related Dinosaurs » KQED SCIENCE5 hours ago  -  Google+ Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to Swim \"The biggest and the baddest among meat-eating dinosaurs, Spinosaurus may have also been the first dinosaur to take to …the water, swimming in North Africa\u0027s rivers some 97 million years ago, researchers reported on Thursday.\" Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to SwimNew York Times  - ?15 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage EU enacting new Russia sanctions Friday as Obama vows to follow suit The Globe and Mail  - ?1 hour ago? European Union governments agreed on Thursday that new economic sanctions on Russia will take effect on Friday, but held out the prospect of cancelling some or all of them next month if they believe a peace plan is working. Related European Union » Russia » Russia faces new US, EU sanctions over Ukraine crisisReuters Africa U.S. Joining EU on Russian Curbs Sets Stage for ReprisalBloomberg From Russia:Sanctions pressure on Russia continues despite Ukraine de-escalation - envoy ...ITAR-TASS Trending on Google+:Latest Russia sanctions will take effect Friday, EU saysRT Opinion:Russia Hit By More U.S. SanctionsDaily Beast See all 1,678 sources » Related European Union » Russia » Fox Business11 hours ago  -  Google+ U.S. equity futures moved decisively lower after the European Union announced new sanctions against Russia aimed at cutting access to capital markets. U.S. Stock Futures Follow European Equities LowerThe Globe and Mail  - ?1 hour ago?Daily MailSee realtime coverage UN: 45 Fijian peacekeepers freed in Syria Daily Mail  - ?4 hours ago? BEIRUT (AP) - Al-Qaida-linked militants released 45 Fijian peacekeepers captured two week ago in Syria, ending the U.N.\u0027s fourth crisis over abducted soldiers in the Golan Heights since March 2013 amid questions about the future of the 40-year-old ... Related United Nations peacekeeping » Golan Heights » Fijian UN peacekeepers freedBrisbane Times Al Qaeda-backed group releases video of kidnapped UN peacekeepersDaily Times From Fiji:French envoy pays tribute to peacekeepers\u0027 courageFiji Times See all 557 sources » Related United Nations peacekeeping » Golan Heights » Yahoo News1 hour ago  -  Google+ Dozens of Fijian U.N. peacekeepers, released by al Qaeda-linked group Nusra Front in Syria, have arrived in Israeli-held territory on the Golan Heights, an Israeli military official said. Read more: …http://yhoo.it/1qIaXV9Daily Mail  - ?4 hours ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage 9/11 commemorations: US remembers victims BBC News  - ?23 minutes ago? Americans have commemorated the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks with ceremonies in New York and Washington. The ceremonies began just before 09:00 local (13:00 GMT) and included a reading out of the names of those who died in the ... Related September 11 attacks » Families of 9/11 victims mark 13th anniversary of terrorist attackGant Daily Olivier Douliery | MCTBangor Daily News Trending on Google+:Ceremony Marks 13th Anniversary of Sept. 11 AttacksWall Street Journal In Depth:New terror fight casts shadow over 9/11 ceremoniesChron.com See all 683 sources » Related September 11 attacks » Janeka Smith3 hours ago  -  Google+ SEPTEMBER 11, 2012 2ND Anniversary of the attack in Benghazi, Libya. 4 Americans savagely murdered as they pleaded for assistance from American forces. Rest In Peace Ambassador Christoph…er Stevens. Sean Smith. Glen Doherty. Tyrone Woods #9/11 #benghazi?BBC News  - ?23 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Murder Charges for Timothy Ray Jones, Dad Accused in Child Killings NBCNews.com  - ?19 minutes ago? The South Carolina father accused of killing his five kids - the youngest of which was just one year old - was transferred from Mississippi to a jail in South Carolina Thursday where he was served with five arrest warrants for murder, officials said. Related South Carolina » Prosecutor: 3 babies\u0027 bodies found in filthy houseWBTW - Myrtle Beach and Florence SC Father accused of killing his kids back in SCUSA TODAY In Depth:Case worker: Dad overwhelmed before 5 kids killedSTLtoday.com See all 153 sources » Related South Carolina » Toledo News Now7 hours ago  -  Google+ New information in the case of the South Carolina man accused of killing his 5 young children: 32-year-old Timothy Jones was convicted of several crimes in Illinois in 2001. \"Typical teenager d…oing stupid stuff, that\u0027s about it,\" his dad said. That \"stupid stuff\" included cocaine possession, car theft, burglary and forging checks. APNewsBreak: SC dad accused in 5 deaths was ex-conNBCNews.com  - ?19 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage On a Day Devoted to Past Events, a Focus on New Terror Link New York Times  - ?7 minutes ago? The president commemorated the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks at a ceremony at the Pentagon. Publish Date September 11, 2014. Related September 11 attacks » Obama at Pentagon Memorial: \u0027We carry on because we do not give in to fear ...Washington Post Nation pauses to remember 9/11 anniversaryHouston Chronicle Opinion:Obama Outlined a Reasonable Strategy for Attacking ISIS. What could go wrong?Slate Magazine See all 512 sources » Related September 11 attacks » Bill DeWitt1 hour ago  -  Google+ On the anniversary of the September Eleventh attack, Obama reauthorizes the War on Iraq that he was elected to end. How symbolic. But not in a good way... Instead of going it alone with about 40 cou…ntries in a \"rash decision\" that took 9 months and Congressional approval, like Bush, Obama has a broad coalition of 9, wait, make that 8, countries that halfheartedly support him, kind of, in a way, and will use a \"strategy\" whic...New York Times  - ?7 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage China Fines Volkswagen and Chrysler for Antitrust Violations New York Times  - ?34 minutes ago? A production line of Golf sedans manufactured at a Volkswagen plant jointly operated with China FAW in Guangdong Province. Credit Chinafotopress, via Getty Images. Related Chrysler Group LLC » China fines Audi, Chrysler on monopoly chargesKansas City Star China fines foreign auto makers for price-fixingMarketWatch See all 173 sources » Related Chrysler Group LLC »New York Times  - ?34 minutes ago?TODAYonlineSee realtime coverage S\u0026P 500 erases losses as oil rallies Chicago Tribune  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK - The Standard \u0026 Poor\u0027s 500 index erased losses Thursday, sending the gauge higher for a second day, as a rebound in oil offset concerns over escalating geopolitical tension and the timing of possible interest-rate increases. US: S\u0026P 500 rebounds with energy shares; Dow dipsTHE BUSINESS TIMES (subscription) US STOCKS-Wall St edges down; energy shares extend declineDaily Mail See all 27 sources »Chicago Tribune  - ?1 hour ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage RadioShack Bankruptcy Filing Could Be Near New York Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Photo. RadioShack said in a regulatory filing that, absent an external solution, it would be unable to finance its operations \"beyond the very near term. Related RadioShack » RadioShack warns of possible Ch. 11 bankruptcyScottsbluff Star Herald Retail expert weighs in on RadioShack\u0027s futureWFAA Opinion:Why RadioShack Corporation Stock Is Skyrocketing TodayMotley Fool In Depth:RadioShack Searches for a LifelineWall Street Journal See all 290 sources » Related RadioShack »New York Times  - ?8 minutes ago?ForbesSee realtime coverage Hertz strikes board deal with Carl Icahn Financial Times  - ?2 hours ago? Hertz, the car rental operator facing questions over its accounting, on Thursday headed off trouble on a second front when it agreed in principle to demands from Carl Icahn, the activist investor, to appoint three nominees to its board. Related The Hertz Corporation » Carl Icahn » Hertz so good for Icahn: Activist gets three nominees on car rental company\u0027s ...Fortune Hertz to add 3 Icahn candidates to boardUSA TODAY In Depth:Hertz Reaches an Agreement-in-Principle With Carl Icahn to Add Three DirectorsMarketWatch See all 97 sources » Related The Hertz Corporation » Carl Icahn »Financial Times  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Will Apple Pay Beat eBay\u0027s PayPal? ValueWalk  - ?1 hour ago? Ebay Inc. NASDAQ:EBAY is a San Jose, California based American multinational Internet consumer-to-consumer corporation, comprising of more than 128 million active users around the globe. Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Apple Watch Is the Next BYOD Headache for BusinessPC Magazine The Apple Watch: Worth the wait?The Star Online Featured:Apple launches the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Watch, ushers in new eraThe Hoops News Opinion:Bigger is better: 8 reasons to choose the iPhone 6 PlusCult of Mac See all 10,271 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Leapfrog Technology Group3 hours ago  -  Google+ It’s official – Apple has the world talking. Two days later! Whether you like it or not, it looks like this release is geared up to be a success. Three products. Two phones. One watch. How many new …fans? If you’re short on time or don’t feel like reading further, feel free to check out this two minute video to get a quick summary of Apple’s announcements : http://goo.gl/vfPmbO On September 9, 2014, Apple unveiled two iPhone 6 models. With the 6 measuring in at ...ValueWalk  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage HP Acquires Open Source Cloud Pioneer Wired  - ?38 minutes ago? Tech giant HP is acquiring Eucalyptus, makers of an open source system that helps companies build cloud computing services in their own data centers. Related Cloud computing » Hewlett-Packard » HP gulps cloud vendor Eucalyptus, says Helion is all-in for ... OpenStackRegister Biz Break: Hewlett-Packard jumps back into acquisition market with cloud ...San Jose Mercury News Highly Cited:HP buys Eucalyptus as cloud consolidation commences for realGigaom In Depth:HP Rattles Amazon\u0027s Cage, Solidifies Hybrid Cloud Strategy With Eucalyptus BuyCRN See all 54 sources » Related Cloud computing » Hewlett-Packard »Wired  - ?38 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage T-Mobile to sell phones that work on wifi NEWS.com.au  - ?57 minutes ago? T-MOBILE will sell more than 100 smartphone models with a built-in feature that taps into Wi-Fi networks to make phone calls and send texts when customers can\u0027t connect to the wireless carrier\u0027s mobile network. Related T-Mobile US, Inc. » Wi-Fi » Mobile phones » Apple to offer in-store iPhone 6 pickups for online preordersApple Insider iPhone 6 pre-orders: price, availability and alternatives for getting oneThe Patriot-News (blog) Opinion:AT\u0026T Will Give You $200 Minimum for Your Old iPhone 4Gizmodo In Depth:T-Mobile offers iPhone 6, 6 Plus on monthly payment planCNET See all 417 sources » Related T-Mobile US, Inc. » Wi-Fi » Mobile phones » Android Dissected11 hours ago  -  Google+ Wednesday T-Mobile unleashed WiFi in Un-Carrier 7.0. It isn\u0027t the most radical Un-Carrier phase, but it is still another great step forward! Un-Carrier 7.0 From T-Mobile Promises WiFi Calling For AllNEWS.com.au  - ?57 minutes ago?Contactmusic.comSee realtime coverage Katie Holmes Set To Make Directorial Debut In Movie Adaptation Of \u0027All We Had\u0027 Contactmusic.com  - ?1 hour ago? The 35 year-old actress will direct and star in a film adaptation of the debut novel by Annie Weatherwax. Talented actress Katie Holmes is embarking on a new project that will be different to anything she has done before. Related Katie Holmes » Holmes to make directorial debutTV3.ie Katie Holmes to make directorial debut with \u0027All We Had\u0027Zap2it.com (blog) In Depth:Katie Holmes Making Directorial Debut with \u0027All We Had\u0027 Adaptation!Just Jared See all 49 sources » Related Katie Holmes »Contactmusic.com  - ?1 hour ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Another Comic Book Show? Yes, TNT Is Nearing a Deal for a Titans Pilot ... E! Online  - ?24 minutes ago? Hope you\u0027re not sick of comic book shows on TV! In addition to all the new (The Flash, Gotham, Constantine, iZombie, Agent Carter), returning (Arrow, Agents of S.H. Related DC Comics » Dick Grayson » Teen Titans return: DC Comics near deal for Nightwing TV pilotEntertainment Weekly DC Comics\u0027 \u0027Titans\u0027 Nears Pilot Order at TNTTheWrap Highly Cited:DC Comics Superhero Drama \u0027Titans\u0027 Near Pilot Order at TNTHollywood Reporter Trending on Google+:Titans TV Series in the Works Featuring NightwingIGN Opinion:\u0027Teen Titans\u0027 TV Series Being Developed For TNTScreen Rant See all 34 sources » Related DC Comics » Dick Grayson »E! Online  - ?24 minutes ago?South African Broadcasting CorporationSee realtime coverage Acquittal of Oscar Pistorius on murder charge stuns many S. Africans Los Angeles Times  - ?21 minutes ago? Los Angeles Times Johannesburg bureau chief Robyn Dixon and Ann Simmons discuss the judge\u0027s initial ruling in the murder trial of South African double-amputee Olympian Oscar Pistorius, who shot and killed girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp last year. Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius free to compete again despite International Paralympic ...Telegraph.co.uk Here Is What You Need To Know About The Oscar Pistorius Veridct And How It ...Huffington Post Trending on Google+:Judge: Oscar Pistorius \u0027negligent,\u0027 but not guilty of premeditated murderWashington Post Opinion:Will Oscar Pistorius Still Get Jail Time?Daily Beast In Depth:Pistorius cleared of murder, culpable homicide verdict to comeReuters Live Updating:Live stream: Oscar Pistorius verdict day 2Stuff.co.nz See all 2,920 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Ora TV6 hours ago  -  Google+ Oscar Pistorius Found Not Guilty for Murder of Reeva Steenkamp, Waits for Verdcit on Lesser Charge http://bit.ly/1rOCDnV via #NewsBreakerLos Angeles Times  - ?21 minutes ago?Toronto StarSee realtime coverage USA to play for gold after trouncing Lithuania in FIBA World Cup semis SI.com  - ?22 minutes ago? USA defeated Lithuania 96-68 in the FIBA World Cup semifinals on Thursday to advance to the gold medal game. France and Serbia will square off in a semifinal contest on Friday; the winner will go on to face USA in Sunday\u0027s championship game. Related FIBA » United States of America » US breeze past Lithuania into finalBangkok Post Basketball: U.S. steam rolls Lithuania to reach World Cup finalSalt Lake Tribune In Depth:USA pulls away from Lithuania 96-68, advances to gold medal gameCBSSports.com See all 186 sources » Related FIBA » United States of America »SI.com  - ?22 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage NBA executives, scouts say racist scouting reports unusual USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago? If Atlanta Hawks general manager Danny Ferry were the original source of the racist scouting report he read about Luol Deng, he might be out of a job. Related Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks » Luol Deng » Audio confirms Ferry\u0027s remarksESPN Listen to Danny Ferry say Luol Deng \u0027has a little African in him\u0027SB Nation Highly Cited:Listen to the audio recording of Hawks GM Danny Ferry saying Luol Deng has ...NBCSports.com Opinion:Listen to audio of Hawks GM Danny Ferry\u0027s racist commentSI.com See all 33 sources » Related Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks » Luol Deng »USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago?Philly.comSee realtime coverage NHL\u0027s new rules ban spin-o-rama, expand video review, fine divers CBSSports.com  - ?1 hour ago? The NHL\u0027s board of governors and NHLPA have approved some significant rule changes for the 2014-15 season. Among the biggest are expanding video review, fines for embellishment, and some adjustments to the overtime procedure. Related National Hockey League » NHL rules changes crack down on divingSFGate NHL announces rule changes for new seasonSun Sentinel In Depth:What to make of NHL\u0027s rule changes for 2014-15SI.com See all 92 sources » Related National Hockey League »CBSSports.com  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Sheriff: Investigation of Stewart crash complete Kansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago? Three-time NASCAR champion Tony Stewart will find out no later than next week whether authorities will pursue charges in the death of a driver he struck during a sprint car race in upstate New York last month. Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Sheriff: Investigation into death of Kevin Ward Jr. completedCBSSports.com Tony Stewart-Kevin Ward Jr. investigation concludes, police sayCNN From Canada:Investigation into Kevin Ward\u0027s death completeNorthumberland Today In Depth:NASCAR: Investigation into Kevin Ward Jr. death completeDetroit Free Press See all 107 sources » Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Toledo News Now2 hours ago  -  Google+ Officials have finished their investigation of the fatal NASCAR crash involving driver Tony Stewart. It is not yet known whether Stewart will face any charges in the crash. Sheriff: Investigation of Stewart crash completeKansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage After a Two-Year Trek, NASA\u0027s Mars Rover Reaches Its Mountain Lab New York Times  - ?19 minutes ago? An image from NASA\u0027s Curiosity rover on Mars shows the Amargosa Valley on the slopes leading up to its main destination, three-mile-high Mount Sharp. Related NASA » Aeolis Mons » Mars Science Laboratory » NASA\u0027s Mars rover Curiosity makes it to Martian mountainUPI.com Mars rover finally reaches big mountainUSA TODAY Opinion:The Mars Rover Curiosity Has Finally Arrived At Her DestinationBusiness Insider In Depth:NASA\u0027s Mars rover begins its major scientific missionComputerworld See all 146 sources » Related NASA » Aeolis Mons » Mars Science Laboratory » NASA6 hours ago  -  Google+ After about two years, our Mars Curiosity rover reached its long-term prime destination, Mount Sharp. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1qNHZlt New York Times  - ?19 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Sequenced gibbon genome gives insights into our chromosomal biology Tech Times  - ?27 minutes ago? Gibbons have \"scrambled\" DNA in the genomes that may yield clues to their evolutionary history. The research could also yield insights into human diseases such as cancer, researchers say. Related Gibbon » Gibbon Genome: Scientists decipher Genetic Sequence to reveal secretsCapital OTC Scientists sequence gibbon genomeMaine News Online Trending on Google+:Shattering DNA may have let gibbons evolve new speciesNew Scientist See all 38 sources » Related Gibbon »Tech Times  - ?27 minutes ago?Belfast TelegraphSee realtime coverage Northern lights may glow, but will Michigan be able to see them? The Muskegon Chronicle  - ?1 hour ago? This is a northern lights forecast for Thursday night, Sept. 11, 2014. The solid green line shows the farthest southward extent of the visibility of northern lights, if skies are clear. Northern lights: Solar activity expected to produce \u0027good viewing\u0027 of aurora ...The Oregonian - OregonLive.com Northern Lights shining in parts of Britain tonightDaily Mail In Depth:Back-to-Back Sun Storms May Supercharge Earth\u0027s Northern LightsYahoo News UK See all 52 sources » USA TODAY6 hours ago  -  Google+ A solar storm could disrupt communications Friday and Saturday —but it will also expand the aurora borealis, or Northern Lights, across Canada and the northern U.S.: http://usat.ly/1wjAV4P (Photo by Alexis Coram, Your Tak…e)The Muskegon Chronicle  - ?1 hour ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Fat Shaming May Feed Obesity Problem, Study Finds RTT News  - ?2 hours ago? Fat shaming, or the harassing of overweight people, can actually make the obesity problem worse, a new study has found. Researchers at University College London asked 3,000 people if they had ever faced discrimination on the basis of their weight. Related Weight loss » Obesity » \u0027Fat shaming\u0027 might actually cause weight gainKSHB \u0027Fat shaming\u0027 is fueling the obesity crisisTech Times Highly Cited:\u0027Fat shaming\u0027 doesn\u0027t work, a new study saysWashington Post Opinion:Fat-shaming: how the slim and sanctimonious help to cause our obesity crisisThe Guardian In Depth:\u0027Fat Shaming\u0027 Linked To Weight GainHuffington Post See all 95 sources » Related Weight loss » Obesity »RTT News  - ?2 hours ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage FDA Approves Contrave, a New Combination Pill for Obesity Healthline  - ?3 hours ago? The FDA has given its seal of approval to Contrave, making it the third drug recently approved for obesity after more than a decade-long drought of new drugs in this category. Related Food and Drug Administration » Weight loss » FDA approves new weight-loss drugWOAI FDA Approves New Diet Pill That\u0027s Made Of Old MedicinesWYSO In Depth:Contrave, Newest Weight-Loss Option: FAQsWebMD See all 229 sources » Related Food and Drug Administration » Weight loss »Healthline  - ?3 hours ago?Today 97° 64° Fri 97° 64° Sat 97° 64° Sun 95° 63°Today YesterdayMLB  MIA 0 2 Bot 3rd MILBOS 1 2 Top 2nd KCLAA 2 1 Top 2nd TEXWAS 6 1 Top 5th NYMTB 4 0 Bot 7th NYYPIT 4 0 Bot 6th PHIMIN 2-8 Final CLESTL 0-1 Final CINOAK 0-1 Final CHWMIN 0-2 Final CLEARI 2-6 Final SFNFL  PIT 0 7 15:00 2Q BALMLS  LA 2-2 Final MTLDC 0-1 Final NYSJ 0-2 Final VANMLB  BAL 10-6 Final BOSATL 6-2 Final WASTB 5-8 Final NYYPIT 6-3 Final PHIMIN - Final CLECHC 1-11 Final TORKC 3-0 Final DETCOL 0-2 Final NYMSTL 2-4 Final CINLAA 8-1 Final TEXOAK 1-2 Final CHWMIA 1-4 Final MILHOU 5-2 Final SEASD 0-4 Final LADARI 0-5 Final SF -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":17,"second":0},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
