{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentGM Begins Payouts For Ignition Switch DeathsWhere Health Law Helps Voters but Saps VotesFate of Children\u0027s Insurance Program Is Called Into Question at Senate HearingMLB  MLB  NFL  Modesto, California »News \u0026 Notes (9-17-2014)MJC Jam \u0027n Jive Dance Concert celebrates \u0027The British Invasion\u0027More settle with Modesto Irrigation District on water theft claimsEditors\u0027 PicksNorth KC Says Free Gigabit for AllCenturyLink Pushing Faster Service CyclesPics: LR\u0027s Women in Telecom BreakfastIxia\u0027s New CEO to Telcos: Read Up On CloudRoku Hits 10 Million Mark – Now What?Spotlight »6 Ideas From Science Fiction That Should Become RealityMaking InnovationSafety agency mishandled GM recall, House panel saysHow to Get to Manhattan? Save, Save, SaveNFL Week 2 game picks: Seahawks, Niners roll; Colts fall againChild deaths decline globally, with more children living to age 5, UNICEF report ...Squishy Robot Jumps, Jumps, Jumps AroundLike/Dislike: Eli Manning lost in translationWhat\u0027s Behind Germany\u0027s New Anti-SemitismRIP: The Apple iPod, 2001-2014Dancing With the Stars Watch: Get the Party StartedSurrounded by baby elephants in Kenya, including one \u0027troublemaker\u0027Most popularUPDATE 3-Beer sponsor Anheuser-Busch reproaches NFL over domestic abuseNASA to make major announcement about spacecraft contractsPolice resume search for missing Virginia studentApple iOS 8 Review: A New Phone Without Buying OnePennsylvania Officials Identify Suspect in Ambush at BarracksRosie O\u0027Donnell and Nicolle Wallace Spar on The View Over George W. Bush\u0027s ...Gosling baby inspires Twitter parodyKing Richard III killed by blows to head while not wearing helmet, researchers sayBrian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISISWatch it run! MIT\u0027s new robotic cheetah can even leap over hurdles","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesTop US military officer: US ground troops to fight ISIS, if necessaryObama: Ebola outbreak demands global responseNASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to ferry astronautsGovernor Calls for Adrian Peterson Suspension as Sponsors Voice Concerns ...Apple iOS 8 Review: A New Phone Without Buying OnePoverty rate posts 1st drop since \u002706; Latinos show big stridesWorld »King Richard III killed by skull and pelvis injuriesTwo American troops among dead in Afghanistan suicide bombingScotland independence: The nation formerly known as the UKHamas arrests Palestinians who launched rocket from GazaU.S. »Man accused of repeatedly stabbing women is sentenced in New YorkUS charges NY man with trying to aid Islamic StateUPDATED: Family of missing U.Va. students says she wouldn\u0027t vanish on her ownHow a Kansas ballot dispute could determine control of the US SenateBusiness »US Stocks Rally as Investors Look to Fed on RatesWith Coffers Running Dry, Is Sears Holding Corp. Doomed?Technology »No old iPhone is left behind in this Shenzhen marketMotorola, in search of its salad daysHackers accessed Goodwill hosting provider for 18 months before card breachEntertainment »Dancing with the Stars: Find Out Which Season 19 Couple Was the First to Go!The Mindy Project season premiere recap: \u0027We\u0027re a Couple Now, Haters!\u0027Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor \"Took a Selfie\" During Procedure: CNNSports »Vikings Reinstate PetersonOrioles clinch AL East with romp of Blue Jays, ninth win of 10FSU ready for Clemson\u0027s QB duoHawks\u0027 ownership feud uncovered Danny Ferry-Bruce Levenson racism scandalHanley scratched with right elbow strainScience »Mayon Volcano generates more earthquakes, rockfallsWatch it run! MIT\u0027s new robotic cheetah can even leap over hurdlesHealth »Belly Up: American Waistlines Are Still Expanding, Study FindsNarcotic Painkillers overdose deaths rising at slower pace: CDCUrine test for cervical cancer virus offers less invasive alternative to cervical smearRecentModesto, California »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 17 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 17 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT172013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Top US military officer: US ground troops to fight ISIS, if necessary CNN  - ?35 minutes ago? Washington (CNN) -- America\u0027s top military officer raised the specter Tuesday of U.S. troops in Iraq taking on a combat role to fight ISIS, a position that was quickly knocked down by the White House. Related United States of America » Despite General Dempsey\u0027s words, bar remains high for US combat troops in IraqSydney Morning Herald US General Says Ground Forces Cannot Be Ruled Out in War on Islamic StateBoston.com From Iraq:US to Push anti-IS Plan at Top-level UN TalksRudaw Trending on Google+:US General Open to Ground Forces in Fight Against ISIS in IraqNew York Times Opinion:U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISISDaily Beast In Depth:US general is open to ground forces in fight against ISISTimes of India See all 1,735 sources » Related United States of America » CNN CNNProtesters removed from Senate hearing Protesters removed from Senate hearing - CNN CNN CNNHagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS Hagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS - CNN Reuters ReutersDempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0026#39;t be \u0026quot;shock and awe\u0026quot; Dempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0027t be \"shock and awe\" - Reuters NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Boehner: Obama Plan to Train Syrian Rebels is \u0027Sound\u0027 ABC News ABC News Top General: US Ground Troops Possible in Iraq Reuters Reuters Iraqi official briefs Syria\u0027s Assad on efforts against Islamic State NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Official Briefs Syria\u0027s Bashar al-Assad on ISIS Fight Business Insider Business Insider The White House Is Clarifying Its Top Military Officer\u0027s Suggestion There Could ... The State The State War on Islamic State will be long, difficult, top defense officials tell Senate NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Dempsey: ISIS Fight Will Not Be \u0027Shock and Awe\u0027 Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press Brian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISIS ABC News ABC News US Troops Could Fight ISIS in Iraq, General Tells Senate SFGate SFGate AP sources: US would retaliate against Assad New York Daily News New York Daily News Joint Chiefs Gen. Martin Dempsey opens door to deploy troops to Iraq Reuters Reuters US Congress pushes ahead with bid to arm Syrian rebels Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Defense Officials See Lengthy US Involvement in Fight Against Militants KWCH KWCH Congress to vote on arming Syrian rebels Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISIS Reuters Reuters US lawmakers move toward arming Syrian rebels, with conditions NPRSee realtime coverage Obama: Ebola outbreak demands global response Politico  - ?16 minutes ago? President Barack Obama labeled the Ebola outbreak a “potential threat to global security” on Tuesday and called on Congress to immediately appropriate $88 million in funds the administration has requested as part of an international response to the ... Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ban: UN \u0027Taking Lead\u0027 on Global Fight on EbolaABC News Obama ramping up US response in Ebola outbreakLos Angeles Times Trending on Google+:Obama: US ready to take the lead in Ebola fightCNN Opinion:An Urgent Campaign Against EbolaNew York Times See all 2,282 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Obama: Ebola crisis \u0027spiraling out of control\u0027 - Atlanta AFP - President Barack Obama issued a global call to action to fight West Africas Ebola epidemic on Tuesday, warning the deadly outbrea…k was unprecedented and spiraling out of control, threatening hundreds of thousands of people.Speaking as he unveiled a major new US initiative which will see 3,000 US military personnel deployed to West Africa to combat the growing health crisis, .... Obama: Ebola crisis \u0027spiraling out of control\u0027 NPRSee realtime coverage NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to ferry astronauts The Seattle Times  - ?56 minutes ago? Boeing systems engineer Tony Castilleja, front, and former astronaut Chris Ferguson, now Boeing\u0027s crew and mission operations director, check out the control panel in the full-scale CST capsule mock-up in Houston. Related NASA » SpaceX » Boeing » NASA selects Boeing, SpaceX capsules to fly astronauts to space stationcollectSPACE.com Nasa picks astronaut crew ship designsBBC News Featured:Boeing, SpaceX Win NASA Commercial Crew AwardAir \u0026 Space Magazine Opinion:NASA move could transform space explorationCNN See all 798 sources » Related NASA » SpaceX » Boeing » NASA6 hours ago  -  Google+ Boeing\u0027s CST-100 and SpaceX\u0027s Dragon will be the next American crew space transportation systems! Boeing and SpaceX are expected to have their spacecraft proven and flying from U.S. soil in 20…17, including completing a test flight with a NASA astronaut to the International Space Station. These companies won\u0027t have to complete the development work by itself – NASA\u0027s spaceflight experts in engineering and technology will work closel... New York TimesSee realtime coverage Governor Calls for Adrian Peterson Suspension as Sponsors Voice Concerns ... New York Times  - ?13 minutes ago? The Vikings said Monday that they would reinstate Adrian Peterson for this week\u0027s game against the New Orleans Saints. Credit Usa Today Sports/Reuters. Related National Football League » Ray Rice » Domestic violence » Union Appeals Ray Rice\u0027s Indefinite Suspension From NFLNBCNews.com NFLPA appeals Rice\u0027s indefinite suspensionMiamiHerald.com Trending on Google+:\u0027A Ray Rice Inspired Makeup Tutorial\u0027 Perfectly Captures The Messed Up ...Huffington Post Opinion:Will The Elite NFL Media Still Be Stooges After The Ray Rice Scandal?Deadspin In Depth:NFL sends mixed messages on domestic violence responseUSA TODAY See all 2,226 sources » Related National Football League » Ray Rice » Domestic violence » Dori Longino1 hour ago  -  Google+ IT\u0027S OFFICIAL Ray Rice Suspension Appeal Announced: Latest Details and Comments Former + Baltimore Ravens star Ray #Rice and the NFL Players Association have officially filed an appeal of the indefinite suspensio…n handed down by the league following the release of a video showing the running back striking his then-fiancee and now-wife Janay Palmer. Rice was originally suspended two games for the incident. TMZ Sports then released footage from inside an Atla... Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Apple iOS 8 Review: A New Phone Without Buying One Wall Street Journal  - ?6 minutes ago? Forget the iPhone 6, Apple\u0027s newest software upgrade brings big changes as well. WSJ Personal Tech Columnist Joanna Stern dives into the new operating system in her review. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iOS » Apple iPhone 6: thinner, faster and slightly cheaper - reviewThe Guardian 6 ways to get social with your new iPhone 6Chicago Tribune Featured:iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Review: Big vs. Extremely BigBusinessweek Trending on Google+:Apple iPhone 6: The ReviewMashable Opinion:Baig: iPhones 6 and 6 Plus are a very big dealUSA TODAY In Depth:Review and Video: With New iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, It\u0027s What\u0027s Inside That CountsNew York Times See all 851 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iOS » Rohan Blake31 minutes ago  -  Google+ iPhone 6 Review: Now Fewer Reasons to Get an Android So this is the dialogue they are pushing. APPLE create a page to convert android users to ios. APPLE PR at work. LOL at this guy iPhone 6 Review: Now Fewer Reasons to Get an Android BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Poverty rate posts 1st drop since \u002706; Latinos show big strides Los Angeles Times  - ?47 minutes ago? The poorest Americans, particularly those who are Latino, finally are showing signs of joining in the economic recovery as the nation\u0027s poverty rate dropped significantly last year for the first time since 2006. Poverty Rate Dips For First Time Since 2006Annenberg TV News Number of Children Living in Poverty Drops Sharply, Census Bureau ReportsNew York Times Trending on Google+:The War on Poverty Has Been a Colossal FlopDaily Signal Opinion:By year four, economic recovery finally catches up to poverty rate — but not to ...Washington Post In Depth:Poverty rate falls as middle-incomes stallMarketWatch See all 240 sources » Circa10 hours ago  -  Google+ The U.S. Census Bureau reported Sept. 16 that the U.S. poverty rate declined in 2013 for the first time since 2006. The poverty rate last year was 14.5%, down from 15% in 2012. Some 45.3 million Ameri…cans were living at or below the poverty line in 2013 -- an average of $23,834 for a family of four. US poverty rate drops for the first time since 2006 World » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage King Richard III killed by skull and pelvis injuries BBC News  - ?1 hour ago? King Richard III was most likely to have been killed by two blows to the head and one to his pelvis, according to new scientific research. Related Richard III of England » England\u0027s King Richard III Died Painfully on Battlefield, New Study SaysWall Street Journal Richard III died painfully on battlefieldThe Australian In Depth:King Richard III likely killed by blows to bare head, forensics study saysDeutsche Welle See all 82 sources » Related Richard III of England » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Two American troops among dead in Afghanistan suicide bombing Fox News  - ?4 hours ago? September 16, 2014: NATO and Afghan security forces inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul). Two American troops and a Polish service member were killed Tuesday when a Taliban suicide car bomber attacked a foreign ... Related Kabul » Suicide attacks » Taliban » Suicide car bomber kills three foreign troops in Afghan capitalReuters Two Americans Killed by Bomb Near US Embassy in Kabul, AfghanistanNBCNews.com Trending on Google+:Americans Killed in Afghanistan Suicide AttackABC News Opinion:Three NATO soldiers killed in Kabul suicide bombingGhana Broadcasting Corporation See all 521 sources » Related Kabul » Suicide attacks » Taliban » The IndependentSee realtime coverage Scotland independence: The nation formerly known as the UK The Independent  - ?1 hour ago? Whatever happens this week, the United Kingdom will be utterly different. The political construct that we call the UK may lose its 300-year identity altogether. Related Scotland » Edward Miliband » Brown condemns SNP for \u0027keeping NHS cuts secret\u0027Herald Scotland Scotland pledge riles both sidesSydney Morning Herald Trending on Google+:David Cameron faces Tory \u0027bloodbath\u0027 over \u0027unfair\u0027 cash for ScotlandTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:Leaders pledge powers in final push before Scottish voteThe Nation See all 423 sources » Related Scotland » Edward Miliband » Catherine Maguire5 hours ago  -  Google+ A must read on the collective disgrace that is our national press Those who are supposed to hold power to account live in a rarefied, self-referential world of power, circulating among people as ex…alted as themselves, the “small number of guests” who receive the most charming invitations. That a senior journalist at the BBC should be the house guest of a columnist for the Daily Mail surprises me not one iota. Living within their tiny circle... How the media shafted the people of Scotland HaaretzSee realtime coverage Hamas arrests Palestinians who launched rocket from Gaza Jerusalem Post  - ?17 minutes ago? Hamas authorities in the Gaza Strip arrested the militants who launched a rocket at southern Israel on Tuesday evening, Israel Radio quoted a senior defense official as saying. Related Gaza Strip » Hamas » Palestinian people » Rental prices soar in Gaza after warThe Age Israel and Palestine has signed agreement on rebuilding Gaza: UNFirstpost Opinion:Mortar from Gaza hits Israel for first time since cease-fireJewish Telegraphic Agency In Depth:Temporary Agreement Is Intended to Allow Gaza to Import Materials for RebuildingNew York Times See all 960 sources » Related Gaza Strip » Hamas » Palestinian people » More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Man accused of repeatedly stabbing women is sentenced in New York Reuters  - ?4 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 61-year-old man with a long history of attacking women was sentenced in suburban New York on Tuesday to 25 years to life in prison for the stabbing death of his girlfriend. Lucius Crawford, of Mount Vernon, gets 25 years to life for murderNews 12 Hudson Valley Man with history of stabbing women gets 25 yearsNewsday See all 105 sources » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage US charges NY man with trying to aid Islamic State USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago? ROCHESTER, N.Y. - A 30-year-old Yemen-born man was indicted Tuesday on charges of attempting to provide support to the terrorist group Islamic State, along with the attempted murder of current and former members of the U.S. Related Rochester » Islam » NY man indicted on charges of trying to aid ISISCBS News Yemen-born New Yorker plotted attacks against US militaryMSNBC Highly Cited:Federal prosecutors: U.S. terror suspect recruited for ISISRochester Democrat and Chronicle See all 64 sources » Related Rochester » Islam » I SUPPORT ISRAEL7 hours ago  -  Google+ The Islamic State, a hardline Sunni jihadist group that formerly had ties to al Qaeda, has conquered large swathes of Iraq and Syria. Previously known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS),… the group has announced its intention to reestablish the caliphate and has declared its leader, the shadowy Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as the caliph. The lightning advances the Islamic State made across Syria and Iraq in June shocked the world. But it\u0003... New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage UPDATED: Family of missing U.Va. students says she wouldn\u0027t vanish on her own Inside NoVA  - ?1 hour ago? University of Virginia student Hannah Elizabeth Graham of Fairfax County was last seen this weekend in Charlottesville. Friends told police she may have gotten lost returning to university from a party. Related University of Virginia » Police » Family Releases Statement as Police Expand Search for GrahamWHSV Police reveal new clues in search for missing U.Va. studentCBS News Trending on Google+:University of Virginia student vanishes walking home from partyFox News See all 390 sources » Related University of Virginia » Police » Fox News9 hours ago  -  Google+ Virginia police focused their search Tuesday for a missing University of Virginia student on a text message she sent to friends saying that she\u0027d gotten lost walking home early Sunday morning from… a party. University of Virginia student vanishes walking home from party Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage How a Kansas ballot dispute could determine control of the US Senate Christian Science Monitor  - ?3 hours ago? Kansas Democrat Chad Taylor asked to have his name taken off the ballot, likely damaging prospects for Sen. Pat Roberts to hold his seat. Related United States Senate » Kansas » Democratic Party » Kansas Supreme Court hears Chad Taylor\u0027s request to remove himself from U.S. ...Kansas City Star Questions, answers about Senate race in KansasImperial Valley Press Trending on Google+:Roberts falls further behind in KansasMSNBC Opinion:Independent Winning for Senate in KansasDaily Beast See all 276 sources » Related United States Senate » Kansas » Democratic Party » More U.S. stories Business » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage US Stocks Rally as Investors Look to Fed on Rates Wall Street Journal  - ?57 minutes ago? U.S. stocks rallied, with the Dow closing just short of a record, as investors weighed the likelihood that the Federal Reserve will continue to emphasize low interest rates coming out of its policy-setting meeting Wednesday. Related Federal Reserve System » Market Closes Higher on Hopes for Fed\u0027s Next MoveNew York Times Stocks end higher as investors await news from FedSFGate Opinion:Roller-coaster Debate Over New Fed Tool May Get Resolved This WeekBusiness Insider See all 956 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » RTTNews5 hours ago  -  Google+ Gold Ends Higher As Dollar Weakens Ahead Of Fed Meet - Gold futures ended higher for second straight session Tuesday, as the dollar trended lower against some select currencies and ahead of the highly… anticipated two-day U.S. Federal Reserve policy meet that begins today in Washington. Investors expect the central bank to take a hawkish stand and await cues as to when rates would be hiked following a slew of positive economic data out of the U.S.... Gold Ends Higher As Dollar Weakens Ahead Of Fed Meet New York TimesSee realtime coverage With Coffers Running Dry, Is Sears Holding Corp. Doomed? NASDAQ  - ?2 hours ago? Losses in the second quarter widened to $573 million from $194 million in the year-ago period. With just over $1 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter, and chewing through $715 million in net cash from operating activities over the first six ... Related Sears, Roebuck and Company » Sears borrows $400 million from CEO\u0027s hedge fundMarketWatch Eddie Lampert has a big problem with appliances — and...Mynextfone See all 90 sources » Related Sears, Roebuck and Company » More Business stories Technology » Daily MailSee realtime coverage No old iPhone is left behind in this Shenzhen market PCWorld  - ?34 minutes ago? Some iPhones never die: they go to a four-story electronics mall in Shenzen, where stacks of them are sold every day. The Chinese city is known for its giant factories that pump out millions of shiny new Apple devices. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » China Mobile focuses on cheap devices as it waits for iPhoneSCNow China might not get iPhone 6 until 2015Cult of Mac Highly Cited:China Mobile Focuses on \u0027Naked\u0027 Phones as IPhone UnknownBloomberg Opinion:China\u0027s Largest Carrier Has No Idea When It\u0027ll Have The iPhone 6Business Insider In Depth:Foxconn worker allegedly sold iPhone 6 shells -- reportCNET See all 100 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » MacRumors11 hours ago  -  Google+ iOS Blog: Apple may be forced to wait until 2105 to launch the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China, according to a report in 21st Century Business Herald [Google Translate]. If true, the delay could h…ave consequences for the company both in terms of customer momentum in the critical Chinese... iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Launches in China May Be Delayed Until 2015 The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage Motorola, in search of its salad days Fortune  - ?7 hours ago? A few weeks ago I found myself on the eighteenth floor of the historic Merchandise Mart building in downtown Chicago, surrounded by dozens of anxious journalists awaiting a press conference for Motorola\u0027s new phone. New Moto X now available to pre-order from MotorolaTmoNews See all 376 sources » Related: Moto X » Motorola » PhoneDog8 hours ago  -  Google+ Just as expected, the new #MotoX, #MotoHint and Motorola Turbo Charger went up for sale today, and the #Moto360 came back in stock on + Motorola Mobility  \u0027s website as well. So, did you buy anything? http://www.phonedog.com/2014/09/16/moto-x-2nd-generation-now-available-for-preorder-from-at-t-motorola-to-begin-sales-later-today/ Hackers accessed Goodwill hosting provider for 18 months before card breach PCWorld  - ?2 hours ago? Hackers evaded security systems for a year-and-a-half at a hosting center that processed payment cards for Goodwill Industries, using the same type of malware that struck Target and other major retailers to steal card data, according to the charity\u0027s software ... Related Credit cards » Goodwill Vendor Describes BreachBankInfoSecurity.com Breach at Goodwill Vendor Lasted 18 MonthsKrebs on Security See realtime coverageSee all 6 sources » Related Credit cards » More Technology stories Entertainment » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Dancing with the Stars: Find Out Which Season 19 Couple Was the First to Go! E! Online  - ?35 minutes ago? It\u0027s so hard to say goodbye, sometimes. Other times, it\u0027s pretty easy to bid farewell to whatever \"star\" gets sent home after just one day of Dancing with the Stars. Related Dancing with the Stars » Dances » Dancing With the Stars recap: No second chance for a second danceEntertainment Weekly \u0027DWTS\u0027 kicks off first celeb of the seasonUSA TODAY In Depth:See Who Got Booted from Dancing with the StarsPeople Magazine See all 67 sources » Related Dancing with the Stars » Dances » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage The Mindy Project season premiere recap: \u0027We\u0027re a Couple Now, Haters!\u0027 Entertainment Weekly  - ?48 minutes ago? Secrets, secrets are no fun unless they\u0027re shared with everyone—at least according to Mindy. Ep. 01 | Aired Sep 16, 2014. Ariana Bacle on Sep 16, 2014 at 10:00PM. Related Mindy Kaling » The Mindy Project » Mindy Kaling \u0027heartbroken\u0027 after not getting \u0027Bridesmaids\u0027 roleseattlepi.com (blog) On TV tonight: \u0027New Girl,\u0027 \u0027Mindy Project\u0027 season premieres, \u0027The Sorrentinos\u0027 finaleThe Star-Ledger Opinion:11 Times Chris Messina Proved He\u0027s TV\u0027s Best Leading Man in The Mindy ...E! Online In Depth:The Mindy Project Style Breakdown: Mindy\u0027s Sparkly Dress, More Outfits from ...Us Magazine See all 156 sources » Related Mindy Kaling » The Mindy Project » Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor \"Took a Selfie\" During Procedure: CNN Hollywood Reporter  - ?1 hour ago? Joan Rivers\u0027 personal doctor took a selfie in the operating room while performing an unauthorized throat biopsy during the procedure that led to the comedian\u0027s death, according to CNN report on Tuesday. Related Joan Rivers » CNN: Joan Rivers\u0027s Doctor Took Selfie, Performed Unauthorized BiopsyYahoo! Voices (blog) Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor Was Taking Selfies Before Throat ProcedureDaily Caller See all 88 sources » Related Joan Rivers » More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage Vikings Reinstate Peterson ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? Adrian Peterson\u0027s charitable foundation was placed on \"hiatus,\" its website cleared and Facebook page deactivated on Tuesday after some charities it supports received questions about being affiliated with the Minnesota Vikings running back who faces ... Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Minnesota\u0027s Gov. says Peterson should have remained on suspensionSalt Lake Tribune Adrian Peterson case proves it\u0027s time to outlaw physical punishmentHartford Courant Featured:Vikings say they will let legal process play out with PetersonMinneapolis Star Tribune Opinion:Buckley: NFL sends sad message to America\u0027s youthBoston Herald See all 5,220 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Dori Longino2 hours ago  -  Google+ Mother of Child Abused by #Vikings Adrian Peterson Upset Photos Leaked The mother of + Minnesota Vikings Adrian #Peterson’s four-year old son whom he whooped with a stick is speaking out and she’s not happy. According to a statem…ent released by her attorney, the woman (whose name isn’t being given) is upset that photos of her son’s injuries, along with details of an ongoing investigation, were leaked to the public: “My client, on behalf of herself and their son, wishes to e... Calgary HeraldSee realtime coverage Orioles clinch AL East with romp of Blue Jays, ninth win of 10 ESPN  - ?20 minutes ago? BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles won their first AL East crown since 1997, using home runs by Steve Pearce and Jimmy Paredes to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-2 Tuesday night before a boisterous crowd of 35,297 at Camden Yards. Related Baltimore Orioles » Toronto Blue Jays » Joy in Birdland: Orioles clinch 1st AL East title since \u002797USA TODAY With 8-2 win Tuesday, Orioles clinch first American League East title since 1997Baltimore Sun From Canada:Toronto Blue Jays lose 8-2 and watch Baltimore Orioles celebrate American ...National Post See all 287 sources » Related Baltimore Orioles » Toronto Blue Jays » MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage FSU ready for Clemson\u0027s QB duo MiamiHerald.com  - ?52 minutes ago? TALLAHASSEE -- Florida State is preparing to see two quarterbacks when Clemson visits Saturday. Although senior Cole Stoudt has been steady (38-60, 446 yards and a touchdown), that hasn\u0027t stopped the buzz from growing around true freshman Deshaun ... Related Clemson Tigers football » Swinney says Clemson has \"great\" situation at quarterbackSpartanburg Herald Journal Tigers hope to spring surprise as huge underdog against top-ranked SeminolesThe Augusta Chronicle See all 182 sources » Related Clemson Tigers football » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Hawks\u0027 ownership feud uncovered Danny Ferry-Bruce Levenson racism scandal USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? Within the past year, Atlanta Hawks co-owner Michael Gearon Jr. approached fellow co-owner Bruce Levenson about selling the franchise, two people familiar with the situation told USA TODAY Sports. Related Atlanta Hawks » Atlanta Hawks to honor Dominique Wilkins with statue in MarchPeachtree Hoops Reed: Hawks Seek New Owner, Will Stay in CityWABE 90.1 FM See all 63 sources » Related Atlanta Hawks » The San Luis Obispo TribuneSee realtime coverage Hanley scratched with right elbow strain MLB.com  - ?1 hour ago? DENVER -- Dodgers shortstop Hanley Ramirez was a late scratch from Tuesday night\u0027s starting lineup against the Rockies at Coors Field with what the team called a right elbow strain. Related Hanley Ramírez » Hanley Ramirez a late scratch with strained elbowMiamiHerald.com Hanley Ramirez scratched from lineup with elbow strainFanSided See all 21 sources » Related Hanley Ramírez » More Sports stories Science » Philippine StarSee realtime coverage Mayon Volcano generates more earthquakes, rockfalls Philippine Star  - ?11 minutes ago? MANILA, Philippines - Mayon Volcano\u0027s seismic network recorded 45 volcanic earthquakes and 270 rock fall events in the past 24 hours, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) said on Wednesday. Related Volcanoes » Mayon Volcano » Philippines » Thousands evacuated as volcano threatens to eruptDAWN.com Albay restricts tourism activities around MayonRappler From Philippines:Mayon may erupt soon; forced evacuation under wayManila Standard Today In Depth:Philippine Volcano Forces Thousands to FleeDiscovery News Wikipedia:Mayon Volcano See all 322 sources » Related Volcanoes » Mayon Volcano » Philippines » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Watch it run! MIT\u0027s new robotic cheetah can even leap over hurdles Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago? This robotic running cheetah sports some fashionable cheetah-print accessories on its black body. (Photo: Jose-Luis Olivares / MIT). Related Massachusetts Institute of Technology » Video: MIT\u0027s robot cheetah unleashedWXYZ Video: Cheetah RobotCatChannel.com See all 119 sources » Related Massachusetts Institute of Technology » More Science stories Health » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Belly Up: American Waistlines Are Still Expanding, Study Finds NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago? American adult waistlines are still spreading, a new study finds. While body mass index, a key measure for obesity, has stabilized, our bellies have increased an inch over the last decade - to a circumference of almost 39 inches. Related United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Abdominal obesity » Waistlines \u0027grow an inch in a decade\u0027 in USBBC News Americans\u0027 bellies are expanding fastSanta Fe New Mexican.com In Depth:Americans\u0027 Bellies Are Expanding Fast, Study ShowsHuffington Post See all 111 sources » Related United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Abdominal obesity » Wellness Wellness.com4 hours ago  -  Google+ Americans\u0027 belt size continues to inch up, and women\u0027s waistlines are widening faster than men\u0027s, according to new government research. http://www.wellness.com/news/13262923/u-s-waistlines-keep-growing-with-women-leading-the-way/health-and-wellness-news The average waist size ballooned more than an inch… -- from 37.6 inches to 38.8 inches -- between 1999 and 2012, U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers found. Based on their waist circumference, 54 percent of Americans were abdominally obese in 2012, up from 46 percent 13 years ... WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage Narcotic Painkillers overdose deaths rising at slower pace: CDC WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago? A new study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has found that the cases of overdose deaths due to prescription painkillers has continued to increase but their pace has slowed down in the recent years. Related Analgesics » ?Big increase in deaths from narcotic painkiller overdosesCBS News Deaths From Narcotic Painkillers Quadrupled in Past Decade: CDCU.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 44 sources » Related Analgesics » Daily MailSee realtime coverage Urine test for cervical cancer virus offers less invasive alternative to cervical smear Bangor Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? LONDON - A simple urine test for the virus that causes cervical cancer could offer a less invasive and more acceptable alternative to the conventional cervical smear test, researchers said Tuesday. Related Human papillomavirus infection » Cervical cancer » Urine Test for HPV Works Well, Analysis FindsU.S. News \u0026 World Report New and less invasive check has the potential to replace cervical smear testsHerald Scotland In Depth:Urine HPV Test as Alternative to Cervical SmearMedscape See all 60 sources » Related Human papillomavirus infection » Cervical cancer » More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent GM Begins Payouts For Ignition Switch Deaths NBCNews.com - 18 minutes ago Where Health Law Helps Voters but Saps Votes New York Times - 11 minutes ago Fate of Children\u0027s Insurance Program Is Called Into Question at Senate Hearing New York Times - 12 minutes ago Weather for Modesto, California Today 91° 64° Wed 90° 63° Thu 82° 63° Fri 86° 63° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB   PHI 1 2 Bot 2nd SD SEA 0 2 Bot 2nd LAA TEX 0 0 Bot 2nd OAK SF 1 0 Top 4th ARI LAD 2 5 Bot 6th COL MIL 1 2 Top 8th STL DET 3 3 Bot 9th MIN CLE 4 1 Top 7th HOU CHW 4 4 Top 5th KC CIN 0 7 Top 8th CHC NYY 1 6 Top 8th TB BOS 0-4 Final PIT TOR 2-8 Final BAL MIA 1-9 Final NYM WAS 3-0 Final ATL live match MLB   TOR 2-5 Final BAL MIA 6-5 Final NYM NYY 0-1 Final TB WAS 4-2 Final ATL CIN 0-1 Final CHC CHW 3-4 Final KC CLE 1-3 Final HOU DET 8-6 Final MIN LAD 11-3 Final COL SF 2-6 Final ARI SEA 1-8 Final LAA PHI 0-1 Final SD NFL   PHI 30-27 Final IND Modesto, California » News \u0026 Notes (9-17-2014) Modesto Bee - 42 minutes ago MJC Jam \u0027n Jive Dance Concert celebrates \u0027The British Invasion\u0027 Manteca Bulletin - 1 hour ago More settle with Modesto Irrigation District on water theft claims Merced Sun-Star - 2 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks North KC Says Free Gigabit for All Jason Meyers CenturyLink Pushing Faster Service Cycles Carol Wilson Pics: LR\u0027s Women in Telecom Breakfast Sarah Reedy Ixia\u0027s New CEO to Telcos: Read Up On Cloud Sarah Reedy Roku Hits 10 Million Mark – Now What? Mari Silbey Learn more Spotlight » 6 Ideas From Science Fiction That Should Become Reality TIME - Sep 14, 2014 Making Innovation MIT Technology Review - 22 hours ago Safety agency mishandled GM recall, House panel says PBS NewsHour - 12 hours ago How to Get to Manhattan? Save, Save, Save New York Times - Sep 11, 2014 NFL Week 2 game picks: Seahawks, Niners roll; Colts fall again NFL.com - Sep 11, 2014 Child deaths decline globally, with more children living to age 5, UNICEF report ... PBS NewsHour - 12 hours ago Squishy Robot Jumps, Jumps, Jumps Around Discovery News - 9 hours ago Like/Dislike: Eli Manning lost in translation NFL.com - Sep 11, 2014 What\u0027s Behind Germany\u0027s New Anti-Semitism New York Times - 15 hours ago RIP: The Apple iPod, 2001-2014 Los Angeles Times - Sep 11, 2014 Dancing With the Stars Watch: Get the Party Started TIME - 19 hours ago Surrounded by baby elephants in Kenya, including one \u0027troublemaker\u0027 PBS NewsHour - 11 hours ago Most popular UPDATE 3-Beer sponsor Anheuser-Busch reproaches NFL over domestic abuse Reuters Africa - 9 minutes ago NASA to make major announcement about spacecraft contracts IBNLive - 8 minutes ago Police resume search for missing Virginia student Daily Mail - 4 hours ago Apple iOS 8 Review: A New Phone Without Buying One Wall Street Journal - 6 minutes ago Pennsylvania Officials Identify Suspect in Ambush at Barracks New York Times - 2 hours ago Rosie O\u0027Donnell and Nicolle Wallace Spar on The View Over George W. Bush\u0027s ... Us Magazine - 1 hour ago Gosling baby inspires Twitter parody Stuff.co.nz - 21 minutes ago King Richard III killed by blows to head while not wearing helmet, researchers say ABC Online - 8 minutes ago Brian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISIS Detroit Free Press - 35 minutes ago Watch it run! MIT\u0027s new robotic cheetah can even leap over hurdles Los Angeles Times - 3 hours agoABC NewsSee realtime coverage Top US military officer: US ground troops to fight ISIS, if necessary CNN  - ?35 minutes ago? Washington (CNN) -- America\u0027s top military officer raised the specter Tuesday of U.S. troops in Iraq taking on a combat role to fight ISIS, a position that was quickly knocked down by the White House. Related United States of America » Despite General Dempsey\u0027s words, bar remains high for US combat troops in IraqSydney Morning Herald US General Says Ground Forces Cannot Be Ruled Out in War on Islamic StateBoston.com From Iraq:US to Push anti-IS Plan at Top-level UN TalksRudaw Trending on Google+:US General Open to Ground Forces in Fight Against ISIS in IraqNew York Times Opinion:U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISISDaily Beast In Depth:US general is open to ground forces in fight against ISISTimes of India See all 1,735 sources » Related United States of America » CNN CNNProtesters removed from Senate hearing Protesters removed from Senate hearing - CNN CNN CNNHagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS Hagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS - CNN Reuters ReutersDempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0026#39;t be \u0026quot;shock and awe\u0026quot; Dempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0027t be \"shock and awe\" - Reuters NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Boehner: Obama Plan to Train Syrian Rebels is \u0027Sound\u0027 ABC News ABC News Top General: US Ground Troops Possible in Iraq Reuters Reuters Iraqi official briefs Syria\u0027s Assad on efforts against Islamic State NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Official Briefs Syria\u0027s Bashar al-Assad on ISIS Fight Business Insider Business Insider The White House Is Clarifying Its Top Military Officer\u0027s Suggestion There Could ... The State The State War on Islamic State will be long, difficult, top defense officials tell Senate NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Dempsey: ISIS Fight Will Not Be \u0027Shock and Awe\u0027 Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press Brian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISIS ABC News ABC News US Troops Could Fight ISIS in Iraq, General Tells Senate SFGate SFGate AP sources: US would retaliate against Assad New York Daily News New York Daily News Joint Chiefs Gen. Martin Dempsey opens door to deploy troops to Iraq Reuters Reuters US Congress pushes ahead with bid to arm Syrian rebels Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Defense Officials See Lengthy US Involvement in Fight Against Militants KWCH KWCH Congress to vote on arming Syrian rebels Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISIS Reuters Reuters US lawmakers move toward arming Syrian rebels, with conditionsCNN  - ?35 minutes ago?CNN CNNProtesters removed from Senate hearing Protesters removed from Senate hearing - CNN CNN CNNHagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS Hagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS - CNN Reuters ReutersDempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0026#39;t be \u0026quot;shock and awe\u0026quot; Dempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0027t be \"shock and awe\" - Reuters NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Boehner: Obama Plan to Train Syrian Rebels is \u0027Sound\u0027 ABC News ABC News Top General: US Ground Troops Possible in Iraq Reuters Reuters Iraqi official briefs Syria\u0027s Assad on efforts against Islamic State NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Official Briefs Syria\u0027s Bashar al-Assad on ISIS Fight Business Insider Business Insider The White House Is Clarifying Its Top Military Officer\u0027s Suggestion There Could ... The State The State War on Islamic State will be long, difficult, top defense officials tell Senate NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Dempsey: ISIS Fight Will Not Be \u0027Shock and Awe\u0027 Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press Brian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISIS ABC News ABC News US Troops Could Fight ISIS in Iraq, General Tells Senate SFGate SFGate AP sources: US would retaliate against Assad New York Daily News New York Daily News Joint Chiefs Gen. Martin Dempsey opens door to deploy troops to Iraq Reuters Reuters US Congress pushes ahead with bid to arm Syrian rebels Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Defense Officials See Lengthy US Involvement in Fight Against Militants KWCH KWCH Congress to vote on arming Syrian rebels Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISIS Reuters Reuters US lawmakers move toward arming Syrian rebels, with conditionsCNN CNNProtesters removed from Senate hearing Protesters removed from Senate hearing - CNN CNN CNNHagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS Hagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS - CNN Reuters ReutersDempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0026#39;t be \u0026quot;shock and awe\u0026quot; Dempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0027t be \"shock and awe\" - Reuters NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Boehner: Obama Plan to Train Syrian Rebels is \u0027Sound\u0027 ABC News ABC News Top General: US Ground Troops Possible in Iraq Reuters Reuters Iraqi official briefs Syria\u0027s Assad on efforts against Islamic State NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Official Briefs Syria\u0027s Bashar al-Assad on ISIS Fight Business Insider Business Insider The White House Is Clarifying Its Top Military Officer\u0027s Suggestion There Could ... The State The State War on Islamic State will be long, difficult, top defense officials tell Senate NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Dempsey: ISIS Fight Will Not Be \u0027Shock and Awe\u0027 Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press Brian Dickerson: Obama shed little light on US strategy to combat ISIS ABC News ABC News US Troops Could Fight ISIS in Iraq, General Tells Senate SFGate SFGate AP sources: US would retaliate against Assad New York Daily News New York Daily News Joint Chiefs Gen. Martin Dempsey opens door to deploy troops to Iraq Reuters Reuters US Congress pushes ahead with bid to arm Syrian rebels Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Defense Officials See Lengthy US Involvement in Fight Against Militants KWCH KWCH Congress to vote on arming Syrian rebels Daily Beast Daily Beast U.S. Ground Troops May Fight ISIS Reuters Reuters US lawmakers move toward arming Syrian rebels, with conditionsProtesters removed from Senate hearing - CNNHagel: Iraqis must unite against ISIS - CNNDempsey says US strikes in Syria won\u0027t be \"shock and awe\" - ReutersNPRSee realtime coverage Obama: Ebola outbreak demands global response Politico  - ?16 minutes ago? President Barack Obama labeled the Ebola outbreak a “potential threat to global security” on Tuesday and called on Congress to immediately appropriate $88 million in funds the administration has requested as part of an international response to the ... Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ban: UN \u0027Taking Lead\u0027 on Global Fight on EbolaABC News Obama ramping up US response in Ebola outbreakLos Angeles Times Trending on Google+:Obama: US ready to take the lead in Ebola fightCNN Opinion:An Urgent Campaign Against EbolaNew York Times See all 2,282 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Obama: Ebola crisis \u0027spiraling out of control\u0027 - Atlanta AFP - President Barack Obama issued a global call to action to fight West Africas Ebola epidemic on Tuesday, warning the deadly outbrea…k was unprecedented and spiraling out of control, threatening hundreds of thousands of people.Speaking as he unveiled a major new US initiative which will see 3,000 US military personnel deployed to West Africa to combat the growing health crisis, .... Obama: Ebola crisis \u0027spiraling out of control\u0027Politico  - ?16 minutes ago?NPRSee realtime coverage NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to ferry astronauts The Seattle Times  - ?56 minutes ago? Boeing systems engineer Tony Castilleja, front, and former astronaut Chris Ferguson, now Boeing\u0027s crew and mission operations director, check out the control panel in the full-scale CST capsule mock-up in Houston. Related NASA » SpaceX » Boeing » NASA selects Boeing, SpaceX capsules to fly astronauts to space stationcollectSPACE.com Nasa picks astronaut crew ship designsBBC News Featured:Boeing, SpaceX Win NASA Commercial Crew AwardAir \u0026 Space Magazine Opinion:NASA move could transform space explorationCNN See all 798 sources » Related NASA » SpaceX » Boeing » NASA6 hours ago  -  Google+ Boeing\u0027s CST-100 and SpaceX\u0027s Dragon will be the next American crew space transportation systems! Boeing and SpaceX are expected to have their spacecraft proven and flying from U.S. soil in 20…17, including completing a test flight with a NASA astronaut to the International Space Station. These companies won\u0027t have to complete the development work by itself – NASA\u0027s spaceflight experts in engineering and technology will work closel...The Seattle Times  - ?56 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Governor Calls for Adrian Peterson Suspension as Sponsors Voice Concerns ... New York Times  - ?13 minutes ago? The Vikings said Monday that they would reinstate Adrian Peterson for this week\u0027s game against the New Orleans Saints. Credit Usa Today Sports/Reuters. Related National Football League » Ray Rice » Domestic violence » Union Appeals Ray Rice\u0027s Indefinite Suspension From NFLNBCNews.com NFLPA appeals Rice\u0027s indefinite suspensionMiamiHerald.com Trending on Google+:\u0027A Ray Rice Inspired Makeup Tutorial\u0027 Perfectly Captures The Messed Up ...Huffington Post Opinion:Will The Elite NFL Media Still Be Stooges After The Ray Rice Scandal?Deadspin In Depth:NFL sends mixed messages on domestic violence responseUSA TODAY See all 2,226 sources » Related National Football League » Ray Rice » Domestic violence » Dori Longino1 hour ago  -  Google+ IT\u0027S OFFICIAL Ray Rice Suspension Appeal Announced: Latest Details and Comments Former + Baltimore Ravens star Ray #Rice and the NFL Players Association have officially filed an appeal of the indefinite suspensio…n handed down by the league following the release of a video showing the running back striking his then-fiancee and now-wife Janay Palmer. Rice was originally suspended two games for the incident. TMZ Sports then released footage from inside an Atla...New York Times  - ?13 minutes ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Apple iOS 8 Review: A New Phone Without Buying One Wall Street Journal  - ?6 minutes ago? Forget the iPhone 6, Apple\u0027s newest software upgrade brings big changes as well. WSJ Personal Tech Columnist Joanna Stern dives into the new operating system in her review. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iOS » Apple iPhone 6: thinner, faster and slightly cheaper - reviewThe Guardian 6 ways to get social with your new iPhone 6Chicago Tribune Featured:iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Review: Big vs. Extremely BigBusinessweek Trending on Google+:Apple iPhone 6: The ReviewMashable Opinion:Baig: iPhones 6 and 6 Plus are a very big dealUSA TODAY In Depth:Review and Video: With New iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, It\u0027s What\u0027s Inside That CountsNew York Times See all 851 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iOS » Rohan Blake31 minutes ago  -  Google+ iPhone 6 Review: Now Fewer Reasons to Get an Android So this is the dialogue they are pushing. APPLE create a page to convert android users to ios. APPLE PR at work. LOL at this guy iPhone 6 Review: Now Fewer Reasons to Get an AndroidWall Street Journal  - ?6 minutes ago?BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Poverty rate posts 1st drop since \u002706; Latinos show big strides Los Angeles Times  - ?47 minutes ago? The poorest Americans, particularly those who are Latino, finally are showing signs of joining in the economic recovery as the nation\u0027s poverty rate dropped significantly last year for the first time since 2006. Poverty Rate Dips For First Time Since 2006Annenberg TV News Number of Children Living in Poverty Drops Sharply, Census Bureau ReportsNew York Times Trending on Google+:The War on Poverty Has Been a Colossal FlopDaily Signal Opinion:By year four, economic recovery finally catches up to poverty rate — but not to ...Washington Post In Depth:Poverty rate falls as middle-incomes stallMarketWatch See all 240 sources » Circa10 hours ago  -  Google+ The U.S. Census Bureau reported Sept. 16 that the U.S. poverty rate declined in 2013 for the first time since 2006. The poverty rate last year was 14.5%, down from 15% in 2012. Some 45.3 million Ameri…cans were living at or below the poverty line in 2013 -- an average of $23,834 for a family of four. US poverty rate drops for the first time since 2006Los Angeles Times  - ?47 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage King Richard III killed by skull and pelvis injuries BBC News  - ?1 hour ago? King Richard III was most likely to have been killed by two blows to the head and one to his pelvis, according to new scientific research. Related Richard III of England » England\u0027s King Richard III Died Painfully on Battlefield, New Study SaysWall Street Journal Richard III died painfully on battlefieldThe Australian In Depth:King Richard III likely killed by blows to bare head, forensics study saysDeutsche Welle See all 82 sources » Related Richard III of England »BBC News  - ?1 hour ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Two American troops among dead in Afghanistan suicide bombing Fox News  - ?4 hours ago? September 16, 2014: NATO and Afghan security forces inspect the site of a suicide attack in Kabul. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul). Two American troops and a Polish service member were killed Tuesday when a Taliban suicide car bomber attacked a foreign ... Related Kabul » Suicide attacks » Taliban » Suicide car bomber kills three foreign troops in Afghan capitalReuters Two Americans Killed by Bomb Near US Embassy in Kabul, AfghanistanNBCNews.com Trending on Google+:Americans Killed in Afghanistan Suicide AttackABC News Opinion:Three NATO soldiers killed in Kabul suicide bombingGhana Broadcasting Corporation See all 521 sources » Related Kabul » Suicide attacks » Taliban »Fox News  - ?4 hours ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Scotland independence: The nation formerly known as the UK The Independent  - ?1 hour ago? Whatever happens this week, the United Kingdom will be utterly different. The political construct that we call the UK may lose its 300-year identity altogether. Related Scotland » Edward Miliband » Brown condemns SNP for \u0027keeping NHS cuts secret\u0027Herald Scotland Scotland pledge riles both sidesSydney Morning Herald Trending on Google+:David Cameron faces Tory \u0027bloodbath\u0027 over \u0027unfair\u0027 cash for ScotlandTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:Leaders pledge powers in final push before Scottish voteThe Nation See all 423 sources » Related Scotland » Edward Miliband » Catherine Maguire5 hours ago  -  Google+ A must read on the collective disgrace that is our national press Those who are supposed to hold power to account live in a rarefied, self-referential world of power, circulating among people as ex…alted as themselves, the “small number of guests” who receive the most charming invitations. That a senior journalist at the BBC should be the house guest of a columnist for the Daily Mail surprises me not one iota. Living within their tiny circle... How the media shafted the people of ScotlandThe Independent  - ?1 hour ago?HaaretzSee realtime coverage Hamas arrests Palestinians who launched rocket from Gaza Jerusalem Post  - ?17 minutes ago? Hamas authorities in the Gaza Strip arrested the militants who launched a rocket at southern Israel on Tuesday evening, Israel Radio quoted a senior defense official as saying. Related Gaza Strip » Hamas » Palestinian people » Rental prices soar in Gaza after warThe Age Israel and Palestine has signed agreement on rebuilding Gaza: UNFirstpost Opinion:Mortar from Gaza hits Israel for first time since cease-fireJewish Telegraphic Agency In Depth:Temporary Agreement Is Intended to Allow Gaza to Import Materials for RebuildingNew York Times See all 960 sources » Related Gaza Strip » Hamas » Palestinian people »Jerusalem Post  - ?17 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Man accused of repeatedly stabbing women is sentenced in New York Reuters  - ?4 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 61-year-old man with a long history of attacking women was sentenced in suburban New York on Tuesday to 25 years to life in prison for the stabbing death of his girlfriend. Lucius Crawford, of Mount Vernon, gets 25 years to life for murderNews 12 Hudson Valley Man with history of stabbing women gets 25 yearsNewsday See all 105 sources »Reuters  - ?4 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage US charges NY man with trying to aid Islamic State USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago? ROCHESTER, N.Y. - A 30-year-old Yemen-born man was indicted Tuesday on charges of attempting to provide support to the terrorist group Islamic State, along with the attempted murder of current and former members of the U.S. Related Rochester » Islam » NY man indicted on charges of trying to aid ISISCBS News Yemen-born New Yorker plotted attacks against US militaryMSNBC Highly Cited:Federal prosecutors: U.S. terror suspect recruited for ISISRochester Democrat and Chronicle See all 64 sources » Related Rochester » Islam » I SUPPORT ISRAEL7 hours ago  -  Google+ The Islamic State, a hardline Sunni jihadist group that formerly had ties to al Qaeda, has conquered large swathes of Iraq and Syria. Previously known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS),… the group has announced its intention to reestablish the caliphate and has declared its leader, the shadowy Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as the caliph. The lightning advances the Islamic State made across Syria and Iraq in June shocked the world. But it\u0003...USA TODAY  - ?50 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage UPDATED: Family of missing U.Va. students says she wouldn\u0027t vanish on her own Inside NoVA  - ?1 hour ago? University of Virginia student Hannah Elizabeth Graham of Fairfax County was last seen this weekend in Charlottesville. Friends told police she may have gotten lost returning to university from a party. Related University of Virginia » Police » Family Releases Statement as Police Expand Search for GrahamWHSV Police reveal new clues in search for missing U.Va. studentCBS News Trending on Google+:University of Virginia student vanishes walking home from partyFox News See all 390 sources » Related University of Virginia » Police » Fox News9 hours ago  -  Google+ Virginia police focused their search Tuesday for a missing University of Virginia student on a text message she sent to friends saying that she\u0027d gotten lost walking home early Sunday morning from… a party. University of Virginia student vanishes walking home from partyInside NoVA  - ?1 hour ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage How a Kansas ballot dispute could determine control of the US Senate Christian Science Monitor  - ?3 hours ago? Kansas Democrat Chad Taylor asked to have his name taken off the ballot, likely damaging prospects for Sen. Pat Roberts to hold his seat. Related United States Senate » Kansas » Democratic Party » Kansas Supreme Court hears Chad Taylor\u0027s request to remove himself from U.S. ...Kansas City Star Questions, answers about Senate race in KansasImperial Valley Press Trending on Google+:Roberts falls further behind in KansasMSNBC Opinion:Independent Winning for Senate in KansasDaily Beast See all 276 sources » Related United States Senate » Kansas » Democratic Party »Christian Science Monitor  - ?3 hours ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage US Stocks Rally as Investors Look to Fed on Rates Wall Street Journal  - ?57 minutes ago? U.S. stocks rallied, with the Dow closing just short of a record, as investors weighed the likelihood that the Federal Reserve will continue to emphasize low interest rates coming out of its policy-setting meeting Wednesday. Related Federal Reserve System » Market Closes Higher on Hopes for Fed\u0027s Next MoveNew York Times Stocks end higher as investors await news from FedSFGate Opinion:Roller-coaster Debate Over New Fed Tool May Get Resolved This WeekBusiness Insider See all 956 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » RTTNews5 hours ago  -  Google+ Gold Ends Higher As Dollar Weakens Ahead Of Fed Meet - Gold futures ended higher for second straight session Tuesday, as the dollar trended lower against some select currencies and ahead of the highly… anticipated two-day U.S. Federal Reserve policy meet that begins today in Washington. Investors expect the central bank to take a hawkish stand and await cues as to when rates would be hiked following a slew of positive economic data out of the U.S.... Gold Ends Higher As Dollar Weakens Ahead Of Fed MeetWall Street Journal  - ?57 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage With Coffers Running Dry, Is Sears Holding Corp. Doomed? NASDAQ  - ?2 hours ago? Losses in the second quarter widened to $573 million from $194 million in the year-ago period. With just over $1 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the quarter, and chewing through $715 million in net cash from operating activities over the first six ... Related Sears, Roebuck and Company » Sears borrows $400 million from CEO\u0027s hedge fundMarketWatch Eddie Lampert has a big problem with appliances — and...Mynextfone See all 90 sources » Related Sears, Roebuck and Company »NASDAQ  - ?2 hours ago?Daily MailSee realtime coverage No old iPhone is left behind in this Shenzhen market PCWorld  - ?34 minutes ago? Some iPhones never die: they go to a four-story electronics mall in Shenzen, where stacks of them are sold every day. The Chinese city is known for its giant factories that pump out millions of shiny new Apple devices. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » China Mobile focuses on cheap devices as it waits for iPhoneSCNow China might not get iPhone 6 until 2015Cult of Mac Highly Cited:China Mobile Focuses on \u0027Naked\u0027 Phones as IPhone UnknownBloomberg Opinion:China\u0027s Largest Carrier Has No Idea When It\u0027ll Have The iPhone 6Business Insider In Depth:Foxconn worker allegedly sold iPhone 6 shells -- reportCNET See all 100 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » MacRumors11 hours ago  -  Google+ iOS Blog: Apple may be forced to wait until 2105 to launch the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in China, according to a report in 21st Century Business Herald [Google Translate]. If true, the delay could h…ave consequences for the company both in terms of customer momentum in the critical Chinese... iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Launches in China May Be Delayed Until 2015PCWorld  - ?34 minutes ago?The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage Motorola, in search of its salad days Fortune  - ?7 hours ago? A few weeks ago I found myself on the eighteenth floor of the historic Merchandise Mart building in downtown Chicago, surrounded by dozens of anxious journalists awaiting a press conference for Motorola\u0027s new phone. New Moto X now available to pre-order from MotorolaTmoNews See all 376 sources » Related: Moto X » Motorola » PhoneDog8 hours ago  -  Google+ Just as expected, the new #MotoX, #MotoHint and Motorola Turbo Charger went up for sale today, and the #Moto360 came back in stock on + Motorola Mobility  \u0027s website as well. So, did you buy anything? http://www.phonedog.com/2014/09/16/moto-x-2nd-generation-now-available-for-preorder-from-at-t-motorola-to-begin-sales-later-today/Fortune  - ?7 hours ago?Hackers accessed Goodwill hosting provider for 18 months before card breach PCWorld  - ?2 hours ago? Hackers evaded security systems for a year-and-a-half at a hosting center that processed payment cards for Goodwill Industries, using the same type of malware that struck Target and other major retailers to steal card data, according to the charity\u0027s software ... Related Credit cards » Goodwill Vendor Describes BreachBankInfoSecurity.com Breach at Goodwill Vendor Lasted 18 MonthsKrebs on Security See realtime coverageSee all 6 sources » Related Credit cards »PCWorld  - ?2 hours ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Dancing with the Stars: Find Out Which Season 19 Couple Was the First to Go! E! Online  - ?35 minutes ago? It\u0027s so hard to say goodbye, sometimes. Other times, it\u0027s pretty easy to bid farewell to whatever \"star\" gets sent home after just one day of Dancing with the Stars. Related Dancing with the Stars » Dances » Dancing With the Stars recap: No second chance for a second danceEntertainment Weekly \u0027DWTS\u0027 kicks off first celeb of the seasonUSA TODAY In Depth:See Who Got Booted from Dancing with the StarsPeople Magazine See all 67 sources » Related Dancing with the Stars » Dances »E! Online  - ?35 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage The Mindy Project season premiere recap: \u0027We\u0027re a Couple Now, Haters!\u0027 Entertainment Weekly  - ?48 minutes ago? Secrets, secrets are no fun unless they\u0027re shared with everyone—at least according to Mindy. Ep. 01 | Aired Sep 16, 2014. Ariana Bacle on Sep 16, 2014 at 10:00PM. Related Mindy Kaling » The Mindy Project » Mindy Kaling \u0027heartbroken\u0027 after not getting \u0027Bridesmaids\u0027 roleseattlepi.com (blog) On TV tonight: \u0027New Girl,\u0027 \u0027Mindy Project\u0027 season premieres, \u0027The Sorrentinos\u0027 finaleThe Star-Ledger Opinion:11 Times Chris Messina Proved He\u0027s TV\u0027s Best Leading Man in The Mindy ...E! Online In Depth:The Mindy Project Style Breakdown: Mindy\u0027s Sparkly Dress, More Outfits from ...Us Magazine See all 156 sources » Related Mindy Kaling » The Mindy Project »Entertainment Weekly  - ?48 minutes ago?Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor \"Took a Selfie\" During Procedure: CNN Hollywood Reporter  - ?1 hour ago? Joan Rivers\u0027 personal doctor took a selfie in the operating room while performing an unauthorized throat biopsy during the procedure that led to the comedian\u0027s death, according to CNN report on Tuesday. Related Joan Rivers » CNN: Joan Rivers\u0027s Doctor Took Selfie, Performed Unauthorized BiopsyYahoo! Voices (blog) Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor Was Taking Selfies Before Throat ProcedureDaily Caller See all 88 sources » Related Joan Rivers »Hollywood Reporter  - ?1 hour ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Vikings Reinstate Peterson ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? Adrian Peterson\u0027s charitable foundation was placed on \"hiatus,\" its website cleared and Facebook page deactivated on Tuesday after some charities it supports received questions about being affiliated with the Minnesota Vikings running back who faces ... Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Minnesota\u0027s Gov. says Peterson should have remained on suspensionSalt Lake Tribune Adrian Peterson case proves it\u0027s time to outlaw physical punishmentHartford Courant Featured:Vikings say they will let legal process play out with PetersonMinneapolis Star Tribune Opinion:Buckley: NFL sends sad message to America\u0027s youthBoston Herald See all 5,220 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Dori Longino2 hours ago  -  Google+ Mother of Child Abused by #Vikings Adrian Peterson Upset Photos Leaked The mother of + Minnesota Vikings Adrian #Peterson’s four-year old son whom he whooped with a stick is speaking out and she’s not happy. According to a statem…ent released by her attorney, the woman (whose name isn’t being given) is upset that photos of her son’s injuries, along with details of an ongoing investigation, were leaked to the public: “My client, on behalf of herself and their son, wishes to e...ESPN  - ?1 hour ago?Calgary HeraldSee realtime coverage Orioles clinch AL East with romp of Blue Jays, ninth win of 10 ESPN  - ?20 minutes ago? BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles won their first AL East crown since 1997, using home runs by Steve Pearce and Jimmy Paredes to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-2 Tuesday night before a boisterous crowd of 35,297 at Camden Yards. Related Baltimore Orioles » Toronto Blue Jays » Joy in Birdland: Orioles clinch 1st AL East title since \u002797USA TODAY With 8-2 win Tuesday, Orioles clinch first American League East title since 1997Baltimore Sun From Canada:Toronto Blue Jays lose 8-2 and watch Baltimore Orioles celebrate American ...National Post See all 287 sources » Related Baltimore Orioles » Toronto Blue Jays »ESPN  - ?20 minutes ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage FSU ready for Clemson\u0027s QB duo MiamiHerald.com  - ?52 minutes ago? TALLAHASSEE -- Florida State is preparing to see two quarterbacks when Clemson visits Saturday. Although senior Cole Stoudt has been steady (38-60, 446 yards and a touchdown), that hasn\u0027t stopped the buzz from growing around true freshman Deshaun ... Related Clemson Tigers football » Swinney says Clemson has \"great\" situation at quarterbackSpartanburg Herald Journal Tigers hope to spring surprise as huge underdog against top-ranked SeminolesThe Augusta Chronicle See all 182 sources » Related Clemson Tigers football »MiamiHerald.com  - ?52 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Hawks\u0027 ownership feud uncovered Danny Ferry-Bruce Levenson racism scandal USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? Within the past year, Atlanta Hawks co-owner Michael Gearon Jr. approached fellow co-owner Bruce Levenson about selling the franchise, two people familiar with the situation told USA TODAY Sports. Related Atlanta Hawks » Atlanta Hawks to honor Dominique Wilkins with statue in MarchPeachtree Hoops Reed: Hawks Seek New Owner, Will Stay in CityWABE 90.1 FM See all 63 sources » Related Atlanta Hawks »USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago?The San Luis Obispo TribuneSee realtime coverage Hanley scratched with right elbow strain MLB.com  - ?1 hour ago? DENVER -- Dodgers shortstop Hanley Ramirez was a late scratch from Tuesday night\u0027s starting lineup against the Rockies at Coors Field with what the team called a right elbow strain. Related Hanley Ramírez » Hanley Ramirez a late scratch with strained elbowMiamiHerald.com Hanley Ramirez scratched from lineup with elbow strainFanSided See all 21 sources » Related Hanley Ramírez »MLB.com  - ?1 hour ago?Philippine StarSee realtime coverage Mayon Volcano generates more earthquakes, rockfalls Philippine Star  - ?11 minutes ago? MANILA, Philippines - Mayon Volcano\u0027s seismic network recorded 45 volcanic earthquakes and 270 rock fall events in the past 24 hours, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) said on Wednesday. Related Volcanoes » Mayon Volcano » Philippines » Thousands evacuated as volcano threatens to eruptDAWN.com Albay restricts tourism activities around MayonRappler From Philippines:Mayon may erupt soon; forced evacuation under wayManila Standard Today In Depth:Philippine Volcano Forces Thousands to FleeDiscovery News Wikipedia:Mayon Volcano See all 322 sources » Related Volcanoes » Mayon Volcano » Philippines »Philippine Star  - ?11 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Watch it run! MIT\u0027s new robotic cheetah can even leap over hurdles Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago? This robotic running cheetah sports some fashionable cheetah-print accessories on its black body. (Photo: Jose-Luis Olivares / MIT). Related Massachusetts Institute of Technology » Video: MIT\u0027s robot cheetah unleashedWXYZ Video: Cheetah RobotCatChannel.com See all 119 sources » Related Massachusetts Institute of Technology »Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Belly Up: American Waistlines Are Still Expanding, Study Finds NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago? American adult waistlines are still spreading, a new study finds. While body mass index, a key measure for obesity, has stabilized, our bellies have increased an inch over the last decade - to a circumference of almost 39 inches. Related United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Abdominal obesity » Waistlines \u0027grow an inch in a decade\u0027 in USBBC News Americans\u0027 bellies are expanding fastSanta Fe New Mexican.com In Depth:Americans\u0027 Bellies Are Expanding Fast, Study ShowsHuffington Post See all 111 sources » Related United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Abdominal obesity » Wellness Wellness.com4 hours ago  -  Google+ Americans\u0027 belt size continues to inch up, and women\u0027s waistlines are widening faster than men\u0027s, according to new government research. http://www.wellness.com/news/13262923/u-s-waistlines-keep-growing-with-women-leading-the-way/health-and-wellness-news The average waist size ballooned more than an inch… -- from 37.6 inches to 38.8 inches -- between 1999 and 2012, U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers found. Based on their waist circumference, 54 percent of Americans were abdominally obese in 2012, up from 46 percent 13 years ...NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago?WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage Narcotic Painkillers overdose deaths rising at slower pace: CDC WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago? A new study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has found that the cases of overdose deaths due to prescription painkillers has continued to increase but their pace has slowed down in the recent years. Related Analgesics » ?Big increase in deaths from narcotic painkiller overdosesCBS News Deaths From Narcotic Painkillers Quadrupled in Past Decade: CDCU.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 44 sources » Related Analgesics »WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago?Daily MailSee realtime coverage Urine test for cervical cancer virus offers less invasive alternative to cervical smear Bangor Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? LONDON - A simple urine test for the virus that causes cervical cancer could offer a less invasive and more acceptable alternative to the conventional cervical smear test, researchers said Tuesday. Related Human papillomavirus infection » Cervical cancer » Urine Test for HPV Works Well, Analysis FindsU.S. News \u0026 World Report New and less invasive check has the potential to replace cervical smear testsHerald Scotland In Depth:Urine HPV Test as Alternative to Cervical SmearMedscape See all 60 sources » Related Human papillomavirus infection » Cervical cancer »Bangor Daily News  - ?1 hour ago?Today 91° 64° Wed 90° 63° Thu 82° 63° Fri 86° 63°Today YesterdayMLB  PHI 1 2 Bot 2nd SDSEA 0 2 Bot 2nd LAATEX 0 0 Bot 2nd OAKSF 1 0 Top 4th ARILAD 2 5 Bot 6th COLMIL 1 2 Top 8th STLDET 3 3 Bot 9th MINCLE 4 1 Top 7th HOUCHW 4 4 Top 5th KCCIN 0 7 Top 8th CHCNYY 1 6 Top 8th TBBOS 0-4 Final PITTOR 2-8 Final BALMIA 1-9 Final NYMWAS 3-0 Final ATLMLB  TOR 2-5 Final BALMIA 6-5 Final NYMNYY 0-1 Final TBWAS 4-2 Final ATLCIN 0-1 Final CHCCHW 3-4 Final KCCLE 1-3 Final HOUDET 8-6 Final MINLAD 11-3 Final COLSF 2-6 Final ARISEA 1-8 Final LAAPHI 0-1 Final SDNFL  PHI 30-27 Final IND -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":2,"minute":56,"second":59},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
