{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentAustralia steps up security after reported ISIS plot to attack lawmakersDriver of stolen van that hit dog gets prison timeA Beltway Battle That\u0027s a Bipartisan Dream: Washington-Baltimore World SeriesMLS  MLB  MLB  NFL  New York »Woman, 58, in Critical Condition After Being Struck by Central Park CyclistJazz at Lincoln Center Opens Its Season at Rose TheaterAs Central Park Gondolier, He Helms a Love BoatEditors\u0027 PicksNFL Players React to Roger Goodell’s ‘Pointless’ Domestic Violence Press...New Video From Inside the JetBlue Flight That Blew an Engine Is Kinda...Pope Francis’s Skullcap Is Going for $120,000 (and Rising) on eBayCan Sunday’s Climate March Expand the Movement Beyond Wonky White Men?Jon Hamm, Questlove Join Obama’s Campaign to Combat Campus Sexual AssaultSpotlight »Death on a BikeWhy Apple Pay could succeed where others have had underwhelming resultsWalmart Workers Complain They Can\u0027t Afford New Dress CodeU.S. to provide security assistance, but not lethal aid, to Ukraine\u0027s militaryIndia\u0027s Push for Renewable Energy: Is It Enough?Biden, a Catholic School \u0027Kid,\u0027 Praises Nuns Under Fire From the VaticanUtah archaeological site becomes protest site in federal land disputeFortresslike property on Greenwich St. is one of the most expensive mansions ...Seventies Showbiz Fixture Paul Williams Talks Sobriety And Remembering ...With NASA Probe\u0027s Arrival, International Mars Invasion Gets Under WayIranian official calls jailed Washington Post journalist \u0027good reporter\u0027 but offers ...Up to a Point: A Free Scotland Would Be a Hilarious DisasterMost popularHannah Graham Search: Student Possibly Got in Car With Person of InterestThe Alex Salmond story\u0027True\u0027 Apple fan weeps after being removed from iPhone 6 lineKaley Cuoco says she\u0027s ready for kids with Ryan Sweeting and reveals she ...Alibaba IPO: Now Comes the Hard PartFrench jets bomb ISIS depot in IraqAnti-depressants can change how the brain works in just hoursAnalysis: Lack of specifics dooms NFL commissioner Roger Goodell\u0027s messageMan kills daughter, six grandchildren in gun rampageCyclist who hit CBS executive\u0027s wife in Central Park and \u0027left her brain-dead\u0027 is ...","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesUPDATE 4-Goodell tackles NFL domestic abuse crisis with vow to reformScotland referendum: Alex Salmond to quit as leader of Scottish National PartyThinking Twice on AlibabaChase points leader Brad Keselowski wins New Hampshire poleThe People\u0027s Climate March: Join Us on September 21 to Make HistoryReport Twolves offer Bledsoe max deal but need Suns helpWorld »France launches initial airstrikes against IS and promises more to comeUS aims to keep Iran atomic talks separate from Islamic State conflictRussia: Info \u0027War\u0027 in Malaysian Plane DisasterMadrid celebrates as Catalonia looks for positivesPolling stations open in New Zealand general electionU.S. »Obama launches campaign to curb sexual assaults on college campusesPolice ID man who left bar with missing U.Va. studentKansas ballots go overseas without a Democrat in Senate raceFAA to Investigate If Piece of JetBlue Airplane Flew Off During Emergency ...California wildfire suspect pleads not guiltyBusiness »Pabst Sale to Oasis Moves Iconic U.S. Brand to RussiaGlobal shares end flat, closing out strong weekTechnology »Review: Larger iPhones eliminate reason to switchAndroid Offers Default Data EncryptionEntertainment »Iggy Azalea Has J. Lo\u0027s Back in Twerk-Filled \u0027Booty\u0027 Video\u0027Fashion Police\u0027 will go on without Joan RiversHoney Boo Boo\u0027s parents Mama June, Sugar Bear split upAngelina Jolie Signs Up to Direct Biopic \u0027Africa\u0027Sports »Nick Marshall, Auburn shows mettle in another close winFlyers\u0027 Claude Giroux leaves Day 1 of camp with injuryBroncos\u0027 offense out to prove toughness vs. SeahawksPHOTO: Derek Jeter to receive bronzed Yankees hatScience »So what is a supermassive black hole anyway?Only 5 billion years until The Milky Way gets gobbled upHealth »Ebola lockdown brings Sierra Leone capital to a haltOne Dose of Antidepressant Changes Brain ConnectivityRecentNew York »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 20 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 20 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT202013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ReutersSee realtime coverage UPDATE 4-Goodell tackles NFL domestic abuse crisis with vow to reform Reuters  - ?9 minutes ago? (Adds reaction). By Larry Fine. NEW YORK, Sept 19 (Reuters) - A chastened NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said on Friday that the league\u0027s poor response to its domestic violence crisis will prompt an overhaul of how it deals with player behavior and ... Related National Football League » Roger Goodell » Domestic violence » President Obama talks domestic abuse as Pentagon reviews \u0027relationship\u0027 with ...New York Daily News Roger Goodell outlines NFL\u0027s steps to address domestic violenceNewsday Featured:Roger Goodell at the 50-50 Yard LineBusinessweek Trending on Google+:NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027NBCNews.com Opinion:NFL didn\u0027t hit her, Rice didMiamiHerald.com See all 1,803 sources » Related National Football League » Roger Goodell » Domestic violence » CBS News4 hours ago  -  Google+ NFL commissioner Roger Goodell apologized for mishandling the Ray Rice domestic violence case and pledged Friday that \"now, I will get it right.\" http://cbsn.ws/1yjEf1G Roger Goodell breaks silence on domestic abuse: \"I will get it right\" CNN CNNGoodell: \u0026#39;Everything is on the table\u0026#39; Goodell: \u0027Everything is on the table\u0027 - CNN CNN CNNGoodell promises to \u0026#39;get it right\u0026#39; on abuse Goodell promises to \u0027get it right\u0027 on abuse - CNN Bloomberg BloombergRoger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story Roger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story - Bloomberg Boston.com Boston.com NFL\u0027s Roger Goodell: \u0027We Will Get Our House In Order\u0027 In Handling of Domestic ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com EXCLUSIVE: America Shrugs Off Scandals Plaguing NFL, NBC Poll Reveals NBCNews.com NBCNews.com NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027 ABC News ABC News PepsiCo Boss Decries NFL Problems, Backs Goodell SFGate SFGate Goodell to break silence on domestic abuse and NFL CBSSports.com CBSSports.com White House: NFL needs \u0027to get a handle on\u0027 domestic violence issues New York Times New York Times Roger Goodell Apologizes and Vows Changes in NFL Response to Domestic ... ABC News ABC News NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Admits He \u0027Got It Wrong\u0027 Regarding Ray Rice ... CBSSports.com CBSSports.com Roger Goodell speaking at 3 p.m. press conference Friday WTVC WTVC NFL Joins Forces with Domestic Violence Groups The GuardianSee realtime coverage Scotland referendum: Alex Salmond to quit as leader of Scottish National Party CBC.ca  - ?44 minutes ago? Scottish National Party Leader Alex Salmond said today he will step down as first minister of Scotland and resign as head of the party that led the campaign for independence. Related Scotland » EU relief at Scotland\u0027s \"no\" tinged with fear of nationalismFirstpost Scotland\u0027s First Minister Alex Salmond steps downThe Australian Financial Review From United Kingdom:Scottish independence: Decentralise demand growsScotsman Opinion:DANIEL HANNAN: Now we can give real power to English votersDaily Mail In Depth:Great Britain Sticks Together—Heading Where?Wall Street Journal Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 12,767 sources » Related Scotland » The Globe and Mail3 hours ago  -  Google+ Salmond resigns after Scots vote \u0027No,\u0027 but issue is far from settled: The longtime leader of Scotland’s pro-independence movement resigned following the defeat of the ‘Yes’ side in a hard-foug…ht referendum Salmond resigns after Scots vote \u0027No,\u0027 but issue is far from settled Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Thinking Twice on Alibaba New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? They lined up hundreds deep at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in New York earlier this month to hear Alibaba\u0027s executive chairman, Jack Ma, promote the Chinese Internet retailer\u0027s initial public offering. Related Alibaba Group » Alibaba.com » Alibaba IPO: Now Comes the Hard PartWall Street Journal Alibaba stock soars in public debut as investors seek way to tap into Chinese ...Toledo Blade Trending on Google+:Alibaba Stock Soars in Jubilant Trading DebutABC News Opinion:Why Alibaba IPO fared much better than Facebook\u0027s IPOUSA TODAY Live Updating:Live blog: World\u0027s biggest IPO Alibaba debuts at $92.70 a shareMarketWatch Wikipedia:Alibaba Group See all 2,920 sources » Related Alibaba Group » Alibaba.com » US News \u0026 World Report6 hours ago  -  Google+ Alibaba Group generated so much hype for its initial public offering that Wall Street opened trading of the stock Friday at $92.70, skyrocketing from the China-based company’s proposed price of $68 – …shattering Wall Street records and valuing the company at $230 billion. http://ow.ly/BHmul Alibaba IPO Opens at $93 - US News USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Chase points leader Brad Keselowski wins New Hampshire pole USA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago? LOUDON, N.H. - Brad Keselowski ... catch him if you can. No one has recently. Keselowski was out front again Friday, winning the pole for Sunday\u0027s Sylvania 300 Chase for the Sprint Cup race with a New Hampshire Motor Speedway track-record speed of ... Related Brad Keselowski » NASCAR » Keselowski Wins Pole at New HampshireABC News Keselowski on pole with track record at New HampshireFox News In Depth:Brad Keselowski wins pole for Sylvania 300Boston Globe See all 160 sources » Related Brad Keselowski » NASCAR » BusinessweekSee realtime coverage The People\u0027s Climate March: Join Us on September 21 to Make History Huffington Post  - ?57 minutes ago? An old friend recently got in touch to let me know he\u0027ll be joining me at the People\u0027s Climate March in New York City this weekend. Related Climate change » NESDB considers climateBangkok Post Mercer County residents to join thousands in People\u0027s Climate March in New ...The Times, Trenton - NJ.com Trending on Google+:Could Fighting Global Warming Be Cheap and Free?New York Times Opinion:Hey, Texas: Time for a real climate-change debateDallas Morning News In Depth:User\u0027s Guide to the People\u0027s Climate March This WeekendBloomberg See all 628 sources » Related Climate change » Pamela Zuppo5 hours ago  -  Google+ Get Ready for the Biggest Climate Protest Ever! This coming Tuesday, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will meet with world leaders to discuss the global threat of climate change. Two days earlier,… he\u0027ll be marching in the streets of New York alongside activists hoping to put pressure on the summit\u0027s high-powered attendees. \"I will link arms with those marching for climate action,\" Moon told press on Tuesday. \"We stand w... CBSSports.comSee realtime coverage Report Twolves offer Bledsoe max deal but need Suns help FOXSports.com  - ?15 minutes ago? Eric Bledsoe reportedly has a max offer from the Minnesota Timberwolves. How he ends up there seems a longshot, however. FOX Sports Arizona Randy Hill. Related Eric Bledsoe » Phoenix Suns » Minnesota Timberwolves » Eye on Basketball Podcast: Max offers in the windCBSSports.com Sources: Wolves offer max dealESPN Highly Cited:Sources: Suns have no interest in Eric Bledsoe sign-and-trade with MinnesotaYahoo Sports Opinion:Wolves Offer Max Contract To Eric Bledsoe, Pushing For Sign-And-TradeRealGM.com See all 107 sources » Related Eric Bledsoe » Phoenix Suns » Minnesota Timberwolves » World » euronewsSee realtime coverage France launches initial airstrikes against IS and promises more to come euronews  - ?2 hours ago? French warplanes have struck at Islamic State targets in Iraq. The French President said the Rafale jets had attacked what he called “a logistics depot of the terrorists”: “Further actions will take place in the coming days with the same goals of weakening this ... Related François Hollande » Iraq » France » Middle East Updates / Al-Qaida affiliate in Syria kills captive Lebanese soldierHaaretz France strikes Isil\u0027s depot in Iraqgulfnews.com Trending on Google+:France Joins US Against Islamic State Over IraqABC News Opinion:France Launches First Iraq AirstrikesDaily Beast See all 896 sources » Related François Hollande » Iraq » France » The Christian Science Monitor9 hours ago  -  Google+ France said Rafale jets were used in the strike against the IS base in northeastern Iraq, and a statement from Hollande\u0027s office vowed that \"other operations will follow in the coming days.\u0026q…uot;  In an address to his nation Thursday, Hollande explained his decision by noting that IS had been able to thrive, in part, due to “international inertia.”  Islamic State: France joins US air campaign in Iraq, hitting logistics depot Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage US aims to keep Iran atomic talks separate from Islamic State conflict Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials hope to prevent two diplomatic challenges with Iran from colliding next week: the Iranian nuclear program and the threat posed by the Islamic State militant group. Related United States of America » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » US \u0027communicating\u0027 with Iran over Islamic State but being rebuffedSydney Morning Herald US says Iran can play helpful role in turning back the Islamic StateWashington Post Opinion:Will ISIS try Australian-style plot in America?CNN See all 5,302 sources » Related United States of America » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » ReutersSee realtime coverage Russia: Info \u0027War\u0027 in Malaysian Plane Disaster ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Russia\u0027s U.N. ambassador cast doubt on the Netherlands-led investigation into the downing of a Malaysian Airlines jet over eastern Ukraine\u0027s rebel territory and called Friday for a new probe assisted by the United Nations. Related United Nations » Additional MH17 crash investigators return to NetherlandsZee News Russia critical of MH17 inquiry, wants bigger U.N. roleswissinfo.ch From Malaysia:Malaysia calls for stronger cooperation to improve flight safetyAstro Awani See all 209 sources » Related United Nations » Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Madrid celebrates as Catalonia looks for positives Irish Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Catalan leader Artur Mas said staging of the referendum itself had been a triumph that Spain should let Catalonia emulate. Photograph: David Ramos/Getty Images. Related Catalonia » Scotland » Catalan independence » Spanish leaders relieved as Scottish \u0027no\u0027 deals blow to Catalan separatistsDaily Times Catalan Secessionists, Despite Scotland Independence Loss, Continue Push to ...New York Times From United Kingdom:Madrid opposed to Catalonia independence referendumBBC News In Depth:Spain\u0027s Catalonia region up next after Scottish independence movement strikes ...National Post See all 441 sources » Related Catalonia » Scotland » Catalan independence » CNNSee realtime coverage Polling stations open in New Zealand general election Xinhua  - ?18 minutes ago? WELLINGTON, Sept. 20 (Xinhua) -- New Zealand\u0027s registered voters began the final and most important day of the general election Saturday when polling stations opened at 9 a.m. Related New Zealand » Elections » John Key » New Zealanders Headed to the PollsWall Street Journal Maverick and web tycoon shape as key players in New Zealand electionDaily Times From New Zealand:Coalition talks will be confidential, says CunliffeNew Zealand Herald In Depth:New Zealand election: Polls tip narrow win for John KeyABC Online Wikipedia:New Zealand general election, 2014 See all 150 sources » Related New Zealand » Elections » John Key » More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Obama launches campaign to curb sexual assaults on college campuses WKBT La Crosse  - ?27 minutes ago? In an effort to prevent sexual violence on local college campuses, as well as those around the nation, the Obama Administration is once again joining in the fight. Related Sexual assault » White House: Young men need to stand against violenceWRTV Indianapolis Obama launches campaign against sexual assault on campusesBBC News Trending on Google+:Obama Launches Campaign to Prevent Campus Sexual ViolenceTIME Opinion:Obama\u0027s day: Women\u0027s issuesUSA TODAY In Depth:Obama asks college men to stop sex predator friends: Will they listen?Christian Science Monitor See all 532 sources » Related Sexual assault » The Christian Science Monitor3 hours ago  -  Google+ President #Obama on Friday announced a new campaign called “It’s On Us” as part of the White House’s years-long fight against campus #sexualassault, asking particularly college men to help stop predatory and violent sexu…al tendencies among their buddies. Obama on Friday called on TV actors Kerry Washington and Jon Hamm, rapper #Common, and NBA star #KevinLove to drive home a message that “it’s on all of us to take responsibility for combating and eliminating sexual violence on coll... Obama asks college men to stop sex predator friends: Will they listen? USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Police ID man who left bar with missing U.Va. student USA TODAY  - ?46 minutes ago? CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - Police who searched a car and a condo Friday in connection with the disappearance of a University of Virginia student almost a week ago say they have identified the man who was with Hannah Graham when she was last seen. Related University of Virginia » Police » Charlottesville » Cops: Missing U.Va. student may have been in man\u0027s carCBS News \u0027Major break\u0027 in missing UVA student case as police question person of interest ...New York Daily News Highly Cited:Major break: Police search car, apartment in case of missing Virginia studentCNN Trending on Google+:Missing UVA student seen leaving restaurant with unidentified manFox News See all 282 sources » Related University of Virginia » Police » Charlottesville » Fox News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Police looking for clues in the disappearance of a University of Virginia student found enough evidence in a car to obtain a warrant to search an apartment, and a news conference was scheduled for Fri…day afternoon to discuss the latest developments in the case. #Virginia #College #MissingPerson   Search for clues in missing UVA student\u0027s disappearance moves to apartment... The GuardianSee realtime coverage Kansas ballots go overseas without a Democrat in Senate race Kansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago? Hundreds of Kansas ballots are on their way to overseas voters without the name of a Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate - but with an unusual note from election authorities. Related Kris Kobach » United States Senate » Democratic Party » Kansas Senate race ballots printed without Democratic candidateKSHB Kansas ballots will be mailed without a Democrat in the Senate raceLos Angeles Times In Depth:Some Kansas ballots to have no Democrat for SenateAlbany Times Union Wikipedia:Kris Kobach See all 89 sources » Related Kris Kobach » United States Senate » Democratic Party » SFGateSee realtime coverage FAA to Investigate If Piece of JetBlue Airplane Flew Off During Emergency ... KTLA  - ?1 hour ago? A bicyclist said Friday that authorities planned to investigate if a metal object that fell from the sky and landed about three feet away from her could have been from a JetBlue airplane that made an emergency landing in Long Beach the previous day. Related JetBlue » Emergency landing » JetBlue Airways Flight 292 » Jackson Rathbone Live Tweets JetBlue Flight\u0027s Emergency LandingHollywood Life New Video From Inside the JetBlue Flight That Blew an Engine Is Kinda TerrifyingNew York Magazine Trending on Google+:Passengers cry and pray as smoke-filled plane rattles to emergency landingCNN In Depth:Passenger says JetBlue plane filled with smokeSFGate See all 499 sources » Related JetBlue » Emergency landing » JetBlue Airways Flight 292 » RT America3 hours ago  -  Google+ A JetBlue flight made an emergency landing at Long Beach Airport in California after losing an engine on Thursday morning. One passenger filmed the inside of the aircraft, while a movie star aboard li…ve tweeted the incident. Smoke-filled JetBlue plane makes dramatic emergency landing (VIDEO) Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage California wildfire suspect pleads not guilty The Seattle Times  - ?9 minutes ago? A massive Northern California wildfire is burning so explosively because of the prolonged drought that firefighters are finding normal amounts of retardant aren\u0027t stopping the flames. Related California » October 2007 California wildfires » Weed » Record amount of retardant used on California fire14 News WFIE Evansville Calif. Man Pleads Not Guilty to Setting King Fire That Displaced 2800ABC News (blog) In Depth:King Fire burns structures, threatens UC Berkeley projectSFGate Wikipedia:2014 California wildfires See all 1,997 sources » Related California » October 2007 California wildfires » Weed » Catherine Hall5 hours ago  -  Google+ Last Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014 photo shows fire as it approaches the shore of Bass Lake, Calif. Crews are attempting to get better access to two raging wildfires in California on Monday that have forced …hundreds to evacuate their homes.    Image Credit: AP Photo/YosemiteLandscapes.com, Darvin Atkeson More U.S. stories Business » TIMESee realtime coverage Pabst Sale to Oasis Moves Iconic U.S. Brand to Russia Bloomberg  - ?3 hours ago? Pabst Brewing Co., the closely held 170-year-old American brewer, agreed to be acquired by the Russian company Oasis Beverages in a deal a person familiar with the matter pegged at $700 million to $750 million. Related Pabst Brewing Company » Beer » Brewing » Pabst Blue Ribbon is Being Sold to the Russians, Was So Over AnywaySlate Magazine (blog) Pabst, Schlitz and Colt 45 to get Russian ownerMarketWatch Trending on Google+:Pass the Brewski? Pabst Sold to Russian CompanyNBCNews.com Opinion:Russians Buy Pabst Blue RibbonDaily Beast In Depth:Natty Boh brewer Pabst to be sold to Russian firmBaltimore Sun See all 172 sources » Related Pabst Brewing Company » Beer » Brewing » CNNMoney9 hours ago  -  Google+ A #Russian   #brewer  is taking over American icon   #PabstBlueRibbon . Oasis Beverages, which is based in Russia, said on Friday it\u0027s signed a deal to acquire Pabst Brewing Company, which is headquartered in Los Angeles. Pabs…t traces its roots to 1844 and owns a number of well-known American beer brands, including Pabst Blue Ribbon, ,  and the malt liquor . It recently resurrected one of the most popular beers of the mid twentieth century,  India Pale Ale.  http://cnnmon.ie/YYnc5N ReutersSee realtime coverage Global shares end flat, closing out strong week Reuters  - ?57 minutes ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock markets around the world closed flat on Friday as early gains failed to hold through the session, though the upward trend in equities continued and Alibaba soared in its historic U.S. Related Federal Reserve System » Markets » Don\u0027t Fear the Fed: Dow Industrials Jump 100 Points, Hit All-Time HighBarron\u0027s (blog) Early Stock Gains EvaporateInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:Biz Break: Alibaba, Apple, Ellison play \u0027who wants to make billions?\u0027San Jose Mercury News Live Updating:Stock market live blog: S\u0026P 500, Dow extend record run; awaiting AlibabaMarketWatch (blog) See all 293 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Markets » More Business stories Technology » SFGateSee realtime coverage Review: Larger iPhones eliminate reason to switch SFGate  - ?18 minutes ago? NEW YORK (AP) - It\u0027s easy to dismiss Apple\u0027s new iPhones as merely catching up to Android. After all, phones running Google\u0027s Android system long have had larger screens. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » \u0027True\u0027 Apple fan weeps after being removed from iPhone 6 lineCNET Don\u0027t Want to Wait in Line for iPhone 6? Hire This Guy to Do It for YouABC News Trending on Google+:Apple iPhone 6 Review: Bigger Is BetterForbes Opinion:What iPhone Frenzy Is Like For An Apple Store EmployeeGizmodo Australia In Depth:What drives iPhone 6 shoppers to wait in line for days?Christian Science Monitor See all 1,715 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » NBC Bay Area5 hours ago  -  Google+ 11:15 a.m. – Hundreds of people lined up outside the Apple store at the Stanford University shopping center. They say they iPhone 6 Plus is sold out, but iPhone 6 is still available. Tim Cook was http://nbcbay.com/xJOA3rE (I…n case you were wondering, Apple gave out the umbrellas.) Bidness ETCSee realtime coverage Android Offers Default Data Encryption Bidness ETC  - ?1 hour ago? Google Inc. (GOOG) announced yesterday that its latest version of the Android OS will have a built-in default data encryption. This comes on the back of Apple Inc. (AAPL) targeting its rivals publicly for not giving sufficient importance to data privacy, ... Related Android » Google » Apple Inc. » Google bolsters Android L security with encryption by default strategyTech Times Apple and Google enabling cop-proof encryptionTG Daily (blog) Trending on Google+:Android L\u0027s newest security feature: out-of-the-box encryptionEngadget In Depth:Should You Buy a New iPhone?Wired See all 177 sources » Related Android » Google » Apple Inc. » Rusty Ferguson43 minutes ago  -  Google+ There is a  person on CNN reviewing the iPhone 6. He said it will appeal to all consumers.So Android users, what do you think about this expert\u0027s assessment? haha I guess we have the choice of let…ting Google spy on us or Apple Owning us. LOL  I\u0027m sure Apple also spies on us and locks us in too. I don\u0027t know. #andriod   #iphone6   Graphics Credit: By Yeksancaner (Own work) [CC-BY-SA-4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia Commons More Technology stories Entertainment » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Iggy Azalea Has J. Lo\u0027s Back in Twerk-Filled \u0027Booty\u0027 Video TIME  - ?1 hour ago? Have you heard? It\u0027s the year of the rear. Yep - after Miley Cyrus delivered her twerk-filled performance with Robin Thicke at last year\u0027s MTV Video Music Awards, the booty-shaking bar was set, and accordingly, 2014 has seen rump-filled videos and ... Related Jennifer Lopez » Iggy Azalea » Music video » Two bums are better than one; JLo adds Iggy Azalea to \u0027Booty\u0027 remix videoFox News Latino 15 Times the \"Booty\" Video Proved That Jennifer Lopez Is a Sexy, Ageless Booty ...E! Online Trending on Google+:Jennifer Lopez, Iggy Azalea Work Up A Sweat In Sexy \u0027Booty\u0027 VideoMTV UK Opinion:Jennifer Lopez\u0027s \u0027Booty\u0027 Wardrobe Shows Off Her Best AssetsMTV.com Wikipedia:Booty See all 201 sources » Related Jennifer Lopez » Iggy Azalea » Music video » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage \u0027Fashion Police\u0027 will go on without Joan Rivers Entertainment Weekly  - ?1 hour ago? E! made the announcement on Friday, saying Rivers\u0027 daughter, Melissa, had given the network her blessing. “We are deeply saddened by the loss of Joan Rivers and, for the last two weeks, have turned our attention to honoring her memory on all of our ... Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fashion Police » Fashion Police to return in 2015 despite death of host Joan RiversDaily Mail E!\u0027s THE FASHION POLICE to Continue Without Joan RiversBroadway World Trending on Google+:Melissa Rivers and Fashion Police Co-Hosts Look Back at Joan Rivers\u0027 Best ...E! Online Opinion:Joan Rivers promotes new iPhone 6 from beyond graveSan Jose Mercury News In Depth:\u0027Fashion Police\u0027 Will Continue Without Joan RiversHuffington Post See all 375 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fashion Police » Walt Armour8 hours ago  -  Google+ Joan Rivers Death TRUTH will out The Plot Thickens, Doctors Hide http://joeforamerica.com/2014/09/joan-rivers-death-the-plot-thickens-doctors-hide/ Rodney Lee Conover on Sep 18, 2014 in American Culture,  Joan Rivers is dead because a celebrity hound doctor  got the upper hand over… the facility director. Here’s what I think happened: Dr. Gwen Korovin, Joan’s ear-nose-throat doctor played Rock, Paper, Scissors with Dr. Lawrence Cohen, medical director of Yorkville Endoscopy over allowing Korovin into the operating room. Korovin... Joan Rivers Death: The Plot Thickens, Doctors Hide - Joe For America New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Honey Boo Boo\u0027s parents Mama June, Sugar Bear split up New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? Here comes a breakup! Mama June Shannon and Sugar Bear Thompson, two of the stars of TLC reality show \"Here Comes Honey Boo Boo,\" have gone their separate ways, E! News confirmed. Related Here Comes Honey Boo Boo » Sugar Bear » “Honey Boo Boo” Cancelled After Mama June and Husband Sugar Bear Divorce ...Classicalite Honey Boo Boo\u0027s parents split: Will \u0027Here Come\u0027s Honey Boo Boo\u0027 continue?Examiner.com Highly Cited:Honey Boo Boo\u0027s Mama June and Sugar Bear Break UpE! Online Opinion:Breaking News: Here Comes Honey Boo Boo\u0027s Mama June Separates From ...Inside Pulse See all 82 sources » Related Here Comes Honey Boo Boo » Sugar Bear » AceShowbizSee realtime coverage Angelina Jolie Signs Up to Direct Biopic \u0027Africa\u0027 AceShowbiz  - ?50 minutes ago? The story about paleo-archaeologist Richard Leakey\u0027s battle against elephant poachers is written by Oscar-winner Eric Roth. Tweet. Related Angelina Jolie » Richard Leakey » Angelina Jolie\u0027s next directing job is Richard Leakey drama \u0027Africa\u0027Los Angeles Times Angelina Jolie to Helm Richard Leakey Biopic AFRICABroadway World Highly Cited:Angelina Jolie to Direct \u0027Africa\u0027 for Skydance ProductionsVariety In Depth:Angelina Jolie\u0027s next directing job, and more news to noteCNN (blog) See all 51 sources » Related Angelina Jolie » Richard Leakey » MovieWeb4 hours ago  -  Google+ Angelina Jolie is directing \u0027Africa\u0027, based on the true story of paleo-archaeologist Richard Leakey and his quest to save the elephant. http://wtch.it/a72D2 #Africa #AngelinaJolie #RichardLeakey #Biopic More Entertainment stories Sports » Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Nick Marshall, Auburn shows mettle in another close win Montgomery Advertiser  - ?32 minutes ago? Auburn quarterback Nick Marshall threw a 39-yard pass to D\u0027haquille Williams on third-and-nine with 2:06 to go to seal the 20-14 Tigers win over Kansas State on Thursday. Related Kansas State University » Auburn Tigers football » wise decision could be doubly rewarding for AuburnUSA TODAY No. 5 Auburn holds off No. 20 K-State, 20-14The Denver Post In Depth:Auburn vs. Kansas State final score: 3 things we learned from Tigers\u0027 20-14 winSB Nation See all 932 sources » Related Kansas State University » Auburn Tigers football » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Flyers\u0027 Claude Giroux leaves Day 1 of camp with injury USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? It didn\u0027t take 15 minutes into the first practice of training camp for the Flyers to find hardship. Captain Claude Giroux joined veterans for the first practice of training camp and was also the first to leave. Related Philadelphia Flyers » Flyers training camp: Who will replace Claude Giroux on top line? Pierre ...The Star-Ledger Injury shelves Flyers\u0027 Giroux for rest of campPhilly.com See all 68 sources » Related Philadelphia Flyers » The Hockey News7 hours ago  -  Google+ Uh oh – Flyers captain Claude Giroux left a training camp scrimmage Friday morning with an apparent injury. Do you think Philadelphia can make the playoffs without Giroux in the lineup for a long stre…tch of time? #NHL   #PhiladelphiaFlyers   Claude Giroux leaves practice after 15 minutes with lower-body injury |... USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Broncos\u0027 offense out to prove toughness vs. Seahawks USA TODAY  - ?17 minutes ago? ENGLEWOOD, Colo. - If you really want to irk an NFL player, question his toughness. Say a guy is old, or slow, or tell him he needs to tackle better, and he might glare at you. Related Denver Broncos » NFL Week 3 things that intrigue me: Super revenge, Cousins, Saints\u0027 DCBSSports.com Friday in Hawkville: Marcus Burley to face his biggest test yetSeahawks.com See all 451 sources » Related Denver Broncos » CBSSports.comSee realtime coverage PHOTO: Derek Jeter to receive bronzed Yankees hat CBSSports.com  - ?57 minutes ago? Friday night, the Yankees will play the second game of an eight-game homestand, which also happens to be the final homestand of Derek Jeter\u0027s legendary career. Related Derek Jeter » New York Yankees » Toronto Blue Jays » Blue Jays\u0027 Stroman to start Saturday against YankeesToronto Sun Toronto Blue Jays\u0027 Dalton Pompey gets surprise start against Yankees in New YorkNational Post Opinion:That Stupid Derek Jeter Ad Will Make You Cry For AmericaDeadspin In Depth:Right Up to Retirement, Derek Jeter Is Still Playing the GameNew York Times See all 510 sources » Related Derek Jeter » New York Yankees » Toronto Blue Jays » More Sports stories Science » Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage So what is a supermassive black hole anyway? Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago? Astronomers say they have discovered a supermassive black hole within one of the smallest known dwarf galaxies. By Noelle Swan, Staff writer September 19, 2014. Supermassive Black Hole Discovered Inside Tiny Dwarf GalaxyHuffington Post Astronomers Discovered Supermassive Black Hole Absorbs GalaxyCapital Wired See all 198 sources » Molly Cosa2 hours ago  -  Google+ NGC 4258 (M106) is about 23.5 million light-years away. The Galaxy is smaller than our Milky Way Galaxy as it is about 60,000 light-years across. The data of this composed radio- to X-ray light image… shows energetic matter falling in to the massive black hole at the centre disk of the M106 (purple\u003dradio and blue\u003dX-ray). Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messier_106 ForbesSee realtime coverage Only 5 billion years until The Milky Way gets gobbled up Washington Post  - ?7 hours ago? Scientists already knew that big galaxies like to chow down on smaller ones -- which is just a cute way of saying that when they collide, the larger galaxy gains the mass of the smaller one. Milky Way Galaxy Has 5 Billion Years Until the Andromeda Galaxy Will Eat it AliveUniversity Herald Milky Way To Be Cannibalized By \u0027Monster\u0027 Andromeda In Only 5 Billion Years ...Headlines \u0026 Global News See all 34 sources » NASA8 hours ago  -  Google+ Meanwhile, 300 million light-years away, a huge galaxy in the constellation of Pavo (The Peacock) interacts with the smaller galaxy that can be seen just above. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1r6ZQEd Image is from our + Hubble Space Telescope   More Science stories Health » ReutersSee realtime coverage Ebola lockdown brings Sierra Leone capital to a halt Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? FREETOWN (Reuters) - Streets in the capital of Sierra Leone were deserted on Friday as the West African state began a contested, three-day lockdown in a bid to halt the worst Ebola outbreak on record. Related Ebola » Sierra Leone » Sierra Leone: Where Colin Powell Felt His RootsNPR (blog) Ebola in W/Africa, a major threat to peace —UNNigerian Tribune Trending on Google+:Ebola crisis: Yes, we need to help but is Obama ready to keep Americans safe?Fox News Opinion:Epidemic ProportionsDallas Morning News In Depth:No contact: Life inside the Ebola outbreakCNN See all 1,181 sources » Related Ebola » Sierra Leone » Chicago Tribune3 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola lockdown brings Sierra Leone capital to a halt Streets in the capital of Sierra Leone were deserted on Friday as the West African state began a contested, three-day lockdown in a bid to halt t…he worst Ebola outbreak on record. Capital WiredSee realtime coverage One Dose of Antidepressant Changes Brain Connectivity HCPLive  - ?6 hours ago? THURSDAY, Sept. 18, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Just a single dose of a common antidepressant can quickly alter the way brain cells communicate with one another, according to early research published online Sept. Related Antidepressants » Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors » SSRI\u0027s can change your brain structure immediatelyiStreet Research Antidepressants: One Dose Alters the Brain in Just HoursNews on Wellness In Depth:One dose of antidepressants \u0027alters the brain within hours\u0027Medical News Today See all 66 sources » Related Antidepressants » Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors » Ward Plunet1 hour ago  -  Google+ Single dose of antidepressant changes the brain A single dose of antidepressant is enough to produce dramatic changes in the functional architecture of the human brain. Brain scans taken of people …before and after an acute dose of a commonly prescribed SSRI (serotonin reuptake inhibitor) reveal changes in connectivity within three hours, say researchers who report their observations in the Cell Press journal Current Biology on September 18. ... Single dose of antidepressant changes the brain More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Australia steps up security after reported ISIS plot to attack lawmakers Fox News - 17 minutes ago Driver of stolen van that hit dog gets prison time seattlepi.com - 6 minutes ago A Beltway Battle That\u0027s a Bipartisan Dream: Washington-Baltimore World Series New York Times - 10 minutes ago Weather for New York Today 67° 61° Sat 75° 66° Sun 79° 68° Mon 72° 54° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   COL 1411178400 RSL MLB   NYM 0 0 Bot 2nd ATL WAS 2 1 Bot 3rd MIA CHW 0 2 Top 2nd TB TOR 2 3 Bot 3rd NYY MIL 1 0 Bot 3rd PIT BOS 0 1 Top 3rd BAL LAD 14-5 Final CHC CLE 1411171800 MIN ARI 1411171800 COL DET 1411171800 KC SEA 1411171800 HOU CIN 1411172100 STL PHI 1411176900 OAK TEX 1411178700 LAA SF 1411179000 SD live match MLB   TEX 7-2 Final OAK TOR 2-3 Final NYY BOS 2-3 Final PIT WAS 6-2 Final MIA LAD 8-4 Final CHC CLE 2-1 Final HOU MIL 2-3 Final STL ARI 6-7 Final COL PHI 3-7 Final SD SEA 3-1 Final LAA NFL   TB 14-56 Final ATL New York » Woman, 58, in Critical Condition After Being Struck by Central Park Cyclist New York Times - 6 hours ago Jazz at Lincoln Center Opens Its Season at Rose Theater New York Times - 1 hour ago As Central Park Gondolier, He Helms a Love Boat New York Times - 3 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks NFL Players React to Roger Goodell’s ‘Pointless’ Domestic Violence Press... Joe Coscarelli New Video From Inside the JetBlue Flight That Blew an Engine Is Kinda... Jessica Roy Pope Francis’s Skullcap Is Going for $120,000 (and Rising) on eBay Katie Zavadski Can Sunday’s Climate March Expand the Movement Beyond Wonky White Men? Tim Murphy Jon Hamm, Questlove Join Obama’s Campaign to Combat Campus Sexual Assault Katie Zavadski Learn more Spotlight » Death on a Bike New York Times - Sep 18, 2014 Why Apple Pay could succeed where others have had underwhelming results Ars Technica - Sep 14, 2014 Walmart Workers Complain They Can\u0027t Afford New Dress Code Huffington Post - Sep 10, 2014 U.S. to provide security assistance, but not lethal aid, to Ukraine\u0027s military PBS NewsHour - Sep 18, 2014 India\u0027s Push for Renewable Energy: Is It Enough? National Geographic - 5 hours ago Biden, a Catholic School \u0027Kid,\u0027 Praises Nuns Under Fire From the Vatican New York Times - Sep 17, 2014 Utah archaeological site becomes protest site in federal land dispute PBS NewsHour - 22 hours ago Fortresslike property on Greenwich St. is one of the most expensive mansions ... New York Daily News - Sep 12, 2014 Seventies Showbiz Fixture Paul Williams Talks Sobriety And Remembering ... Vanity Fair - Sep 18, 2014 With NASA Probe\u0027s Arrival, International Mars Invasion Gets Under Way National Geographic - 7 hours ago Iranian official calls jailed Washington Post journalist \u0027good reporter\u0027 but offers ... PBS NewsHour - 1 hour ago Up to a Point: A Free Scotland Would Be a Hilarious Disaster Daily Beast - Sep 13, 2014 Most popular Hannah Graham Search: Student Possibly Got in Car With Person of Interest NBCNews.com - 34 minutes ago The Alex Salmond story BBC News - 14 minutes ago \u0027True\u0027 Apple fan weeps after being removed from iPhone 6 line CNET - 12 minutes ago Kaley Cuoco says she\u0027s ready for kids with Ryan Sweeting and reveals she ... Daily Mail - 1 hour ago Alibaba IPO: Now Comes the Hard Part Wall Street Journal - 10 minutes ago French jets bomb ISIS depot in Iraq Al-Arabiya - 17 minutes ago Anti-depressants can change how the brain works in just hours The Independent - 6 hours ago Analysis: Lack of specifics dooms NFL commissioner Roger Goodell\u0027s message USA TODAY - 10 minutes ago Man kills daughter, six grandchildren in gun rampage Irish Examiner - 38 minutes ago Cyclist who hit CBS executive\u0027s wife in Central Park and \u0027left her brain-dead\u0027 is ... Daily Mail - 12 minutes agoReutersSee realtime coverage UPDATE 4-Goodell tackles NFL domestic abuse crisis with vow to reform Reuters  - ?9 minutes ago? (Adds reaction). By Larry Fine. NEW YORK, Sept 19 (Reuters) - A chastened NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said on Friday that the league\u0027s poor response to its domestic violence crisis will prompt an overhaul of how it deals with player behavior and ... Related National Football League » Roger Goodell » Domestic violence » President Obama talks domestic abuse as Pentagon reviews \u0027relationship\u0027 with ...New York Daily News Roger Goodell outlines NFL\u0027s steps to address domestic violenceNewsday Featured:Roger Goodell at the 50-50 Yard LineBusinessweek Trending on Google+:NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027NBCNews.com Opinion:NFL didn\u0027t hit her, Rice didMiamiHerald.com See all 1,803 sources » Related National Football League » Roger Goodell » Domestic violence » CBS News4 hours ago  -  Google+ NFL commissioner Roger Goodell apologized for mishandling the Ray Rice domestic violence case and pledged Friday that \"now, I will get it right.\" http://cbsn.ws/1yjEf1G Roger Goodell breaks silence on domestic abuse: \"I will get it right\" CNN CNNGoodell: \u0026#39;Everything is on the table\u0026#39; Goodell: \u0027Everything is on the table\u0027 - CNN CNN CNNGoodell promises to \u0026#39;get it right\u0026#39; on abuse Goodell promises to \u0027get it right\u0027 on abuse - CNN Bloomberg BloombergRoger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story Roger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story - Bloomberg Boston.com Boston.com NFL\u0027s Roger Goodell: \u0027We Will Get Our House In Order\u0027 In Handling of Domestic ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com EXCLUSIVE: America Shrugs Off Scandals Plaguing NFL, NBC Poll Reveals NBCNews.com NBCNews.com NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027 ABC News ABC News PepsiCo Boss Decries NFL Problems, Backs Goodell SFGate SFGate Goodell to break silence on domestic abuse and NFL CBSSports.com CBSSports.com White House: NFL needs \u0027to get a handle on\u0027 domestic violence issues New York Times New York Times Roger Goodell Apologizes and Vows Changes in NFL Response to Domestic ... ABC News ABC News NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Admits He \u0027Got It Wrong\u0027 Regarding Ray Rice ... CBSSports.com CBSSports.com Roger Goodell speaking at 3 p.m. press conference Friday WTVC WTVC NFL Joins Forces with Domestic Violence GroupsReuters  - ?9 minutes ago?CNN CNNGoodell: \u0026#39;Everything is on the table\u0026#39; Goodell: \u0027Everything is on the table\u0027 - CNN CNN CNNGoodell promises to \u0026#39;get it right\u0026#39; on abuse Goodell promises to \u0027get it right\u0027 on abuse - CNN Bloomberg BloombergRoger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story Roger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story - Bloomberg Boston.com Boston.com NFL\u0027s Roger Goodell: \u0027We Will Get Our House In Order\u0027 In Handling of Domestic ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com EXCLUSIVE: America Shrugs Off Scandals Plaguing NFL, NBC Poll Reveals NBCNews.com NBCNews.com NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027 ABC News ABC News PepsiCo Boss Decries NFL Problems, Backs Goodell SFGate SFGate Goodell to break silence on domestic abuse and NFL CBSSports.com CBSSports.com White House: NFL needs \u0027to get a handle on\u0027 domestic violence issues New York Times New York Times Roger Goodell Apologizes and Vows Changes in NFL Response to Domestic ... ABC News ABC News NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Admits He \u0027Got It Wrong\u0027 Regarding Ray Rice ... CBSSports.com CBSSports.com Roger Goodell speaking at 3 p.m. press conference Friday WTVC WTVC NFL Joins Forces with Domestic Violence GroupsCNN CNNGoodell: \u0026#39;Everything is on the table\u0026#39; Goodell: \u0027Everything is on the table\u0027 - CNN CNN CNNGoodell promises to \u0026#39;get it right\u0026#39; on abuse Goodell promises to \u0027get it right\u0027 on abuse - CNN Bloomberg BloombergRoger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story Roger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story - Bloomberg Boston.com Boston.com NFL\u0027s Roger Goodell: \u0027We Will Get Our House In Order\u0027 In Handling of Domestic ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com EXCLUSIVE: America Shrugs Off Scandals Plaguing NFL, NBC Poll Reveals NBCNews.com NBCNews.com NFL Chief Roger Goodell After Scandals: \u0027Now, I Will Get It Right\u0027 ABC News ABC News PepsiCo Boss Decries NFL Problems, Backs Goodell SFGate SFGate Goodell to break silence on domestic abuse and NFL CBSSports.com CBSSports.com White House: NFL needs \u0027to get a handle on\u0027 domestic violence issues New York Times New York Times Roger Goodell Apologizes and Vows Changes in NFL Response to Domestic ... ABC News ABC News NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Admits He \u0027Got It Wrong\u0027 Regarding Ray Rice ... CBSSports.com CBSSports.com Roger Goodell speaking at 3 p.m. press conference Friday WTVC WTVC NFL Joins Forces with Domestic Violence GroupsGoodell: \u0027Everything is on the table\u0027 - CNNGoodell promises to \u0027get it right\u0027 on abuse - CNNRoger Goodell: Ray Rice Video Not Consistent With His Story - BloombergThe GuardianSee realtime coverage Scotland referendum: Alex Salmond to quit as leader of Scottish National Party CBC.ca  - ?44 minutes ago? Scottish National Party Leader Alex Salmond said today he will step down as first minister of Scotland and resign as head of the party that led the campaign for independence. Related Scotland » EU relief at Scotland\u0027s \"no\" tinged with fear of nationalismFirstpost Scotland\u0027s First Minister Alex Salmond steps downThe Australian Financial Review From United Kingdom:Scottish independence: Decentralise demand growsScotsman Opinion:DANIEL HANNAN: Now we can give real power to English votersDaily Mail In Depth:Great Britain Sticks Together—Heading Where?Wall Street Journal Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 12,767 sources » Related Scotland » The Globe and Mail3 hours ago  -  Google+ Salmond resigns after Scots vote \u0027No,\u0027 but issue is far from settled: The longtime leader of Scotland’s pro-independence movement resigned following the defeat of the ‘Yes’ side in a hard-foug…ht referendum Salmond resigns after Scots vote \u0027No,\u0027 but issue is far from settledCBC.ca  - ?44 minutes ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Thinking Twice on Alibaba New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? They lined up hundreds deep at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in New York earlier this month to hear Alibaba\u0027s executive chairman, Jack Ma, promote the Chinese Internet retailer\u0027s initial public offering. Related Alibaba Group » Alibaba.com » Alibaba IPO: Now Comes the Hard PartWall Street Journal Alibaba stock soars in public debut as investors seek way to tap into Chinese ...Toledo Blade Trending on Google+:Alibaba Stock Soars in Jubilant Trading DebutABC News Opinion:Why Alibaba IPO fared much better than Facebook\u0027s IPOUSA TODAY Live Updating:Live blog: World\u0027s biggest IPO Alibaba debuts at $92.70 a shareMarketWatch Wikipedia:Alibaba Group See all 2,920 sources » Related Alibaba Group » Alibaba.com » US News \u0026 World Report6 hours ago  -  Google+ Alibaba Group generated so much hype for its initial public offering that Wall Street opened trading of the stock Friday at $92.70, skyrocketing from the China-based company’s proposed price of $68 – …shattering Wall Street records and valuing the company at $230 billion. http://ow.ly/BHmul Alibaba IPO Opens at $93 - US NewsNew York Times  - ?28 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Chase points leader Brad Keselowski wins New Hampshire pole USA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago? LOUDON, N.H. - Brad Keselowski ... catch him if you can. No one has recently. Keselowski was out front again Friday, winning the pole for Sunday\u0027s Sylvania 300 Chase for the Sprint Cup race with a New Hampshire Motor Speedway track-record speed of ... Related Brad Keselowski » NASCAR » Keselowski Wins Pole at New HampshireABC News Keselowski on pole with track record at New HampshireFox News In Depth:Brad Keselowski wins pole for Sylvania 300Boston Globe See all 160 sources » Related Brad Keselowski » NASCAR »USA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago?BusinessweekSee realtime coverage The People\u0027s Climate March: Join Us on September 21 to Make History Huffington Post  - ?57 minutes ago? An old friend recently got in touch to let me know he\u0027ll be joining me at the People\u0027s Climate March in New York City this weekend. Related Climate change » NESDB considers climateBangkok Post Mercer County residents to join thousands in People\u0027s Climate March in New ...The Times, Trenton - NJ.com Trending on Google+:Could Fighting Global Warming Be Cheap and Free?New York Times Opinion:Hey, Texas: Time for a real climate-change debateDallas Morning News In Depth:User\u0027s Guide to the People\u0027s Climate March This WeekendBloomberg See all 628 sources » Related Climate change » Pamela Zuppo5 hours ago  -  Google+ Get Ready for the Biggest Climate Protest Ever! This coming Tuesday, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will meet with world leaders to discuss the global threat of climate change. Two days earlier,… he\u0027ll be marching in the streets of New York alongside activists hoping to put pressure on the summit\u0027s high-powered attendees. \"I will link arms with those marching for climate action,\" Moon told press on Tuesday. \"We stand w...Huffington Post  - ?57 minutes ago?CBSSports.comSee realtime coverage Report Twolves offer Bledsoe max deal but need Suns help FOXSports.com  - ?15 minutes ago? Eric Bledsoe reportedly has a max offer from the Minnesota Timberwolves. How he ends up there seems a longshot, however. FOX Sports Arizona Randy Hill. Related Eric Bledsoe » Phoenix Suns » Minnesota Timberwolves » Eye on Basketball Podcast: Max offers in the windCBSSports.com Sources: Wolves offer max dealESPN Highly Cited:Sources: Suns have no interest in Eric Bledsoe sign-and-trade with MinnesotaYahoo Sports Opinion:Wolves Offer Max Contract To Eric Bledsoe, Pushing For Sign-And-TradeRealGM.com See all 107 sources » Related Eric Bledsoe » Phoenix Suns » Minnesota Timberwolves »FOXSports.com  - ?15 minutes ago?euronewsSee realtime coverage France launches initial airstrikes against IS and promises more to come euronews  - ?2 hours ago? French warplanes have struck at Islamic State targets in Iraq. The French President said the Rafale jets had attacked what he called “a logistics depot of the terrorists”: “Further actions will take place in the coming days with the same goals of weakening this ... Related François Hollande » Iraq » France » Middle East Updates / Al-Qaida affiliate in Syria kills captive Lebanese soldierHaaretz France strikes Isil\u0027s depot in Iraqgulfnews.com Trending on Google+:France Joins US Against Islamic State Over IraqABC News Opinion:France Launches First Iraq AirstrikesDaily Beast See all 896 sources » Related François Hollande » Iraq » France » The Christian Science Monitor9 hours ago  -  Google+ France said Rafale jets were used in the strike against the IS base in northeastern Iraq, and a statement from Hollande\u0027s office vowed that \"other operations will follow in the coming days.\u0026q…uot;  In an address to his nation Thursday, Hollande explained his decision by noting that IS had been able to thrive, in part, due to “international inertia.”  Islamic State: France joins US air campaign in Iraq, hitting logistics depoteuronews  - ?2 hours ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage US aims to keep Iran atomic talks separate from Islamic State conflict Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials hope to prevent two diplomatic challenges with Iran from colliding next week: the Iranian nuclear program and the threat posed by the Islamic State militant group. Related United States of America » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » US \u0027communicating\u0027 with Iran over Islamic State but being rebuffedSydney Morning Herald US says Iran can play helpful role in turning back the Islamic StateWashington Post Opinion:Will ISIS try Australian-style plot in America?CNN See all 5,302 sources » Related United States of America » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria »Reuters  - ?2 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Russia: Info \u0027War\u0027 in Malaysian Plane Disaster ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Russia\u0027s U.N. ambassador cast doubt on the Netherlands-led investigation into the downing of a Malaysian Airlines jet over eastern Ukraine\u0027s rebel territory and called Friday for a new probe assisted by the United Nations. Related United Nations » Additional MH17 crash investigators return to NetherlandsZee News Russia critical of MH17 inquiry, wants bigger U.N. roleswissinfo.ch From Malaysia:Malaysia calls for stronger cooperation to improve flight safetyAstro Awani See all 209 sources » Related United Nations »ABC News  - ?2 hours ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Madrid celebrates as Catalonia looks for positives Irish Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Catalan leader Artur Mas said staging of the referendum itself had been a triumph that Spain should let Catalonia emulate. Photograph: David Ramos/Getty Images. Related Catalonia » Scotland » Catalan independence » Spanish leaders relieved as Scottish \u0027no\u0027 deals blow to Catalan separatistsDaily Times Catalan Secessionists, Despite Scotland Independence Loss, Continue Push to ...New York Times From United Kingdom:Madrid opposed to Catalonia independence referendumBBC News In Depth:Spain\u0027s Catalonia region up next after Scottish independence movement strikes ...National Post See all 441 sources » Related Catalonia » Scotland » Catalan independence »Irish Times  - ?8 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Polling stations open in New Zealand general election Xinhua  - ?18 minutes ago? WELLINGTON, Sept. 20 (Xinhua) -- New Zealand\u0027s registered voters began the final and most important day of the general election Saturday when polling stations opened at 9 a.m. Related New Zealand » Elections » John Key » New Zealanders Headed to the PollsWall Street Journal Maverick and web tycoon shape as key players in New Zealand electionDaily Times From New Zealand:Coalition talks will be confidential, says CunliffeNew Zealand Herald In Depth:New Zealand election: Polls tip narrow win for John KeyABC Online Wikipedia:New Zealand general election, 2014 See all 150 sources » Related New Zealand » Elections » John Key »Xinhua  - ?18 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Obama launches campaign to curb sexual assaults on college campuses WKBT La Crosse  - ?27 minutes ago? In an effort to prevent sexual violence on local college campuses, as well as those around the nation, the Obama Administration is once again joining in the fight. Related Sexual assault » White House: Young men need to stand against violenceWRTV Indianapolis Obama launches campaign against sexual assault on campusesBBC News Trending on Google+:Obama Launches Campaign to Prevent Campus Sexual ViolenceTIME Opinion:Obama\u0027s day: Women\u0027s issuesUSA TODAY In Depth:Obama asks college men to stop sex predator friends: Will they listen?Christian Science Monitor See all 532 sources » Related Sexual assault » The Christian Science Monitor3 hours ago  -  Google+ President #Obama on Friday announced a new campaign called “It’s On Us” as part of the White House’s years-long fight against campus #sexualassault, asking particularly college men to help stop predatory and violent sexu…al tendencies among their buddies. Obama on Friday called on TV actors Kerry Washington and Jon Hamm, rapper #Common, and NBA star #KevinLove to drive home a message that “it’s on all of us to take responsibility for combating and eliminating sexual violence on coll... Obama asks college men to stop sex predator friends: Will they listen?WKBT La Crosse  - ?27 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Police ID man who left bar with missing U.Va. student USA TODAY  - ?46 minutes ago? CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - Police who searched a car and a condo Friday in connection with the disappearance of a University of Virginia student almost a week ago say they have identified the man who was with Hannah Graham when she was last seen. Related University of Virginia » Police » Charlottesville » Cops: Missing U.Va. student may have been in man\u0027s carCBS News \u0027Major break\u0027 in missing UVA student case as police question person of interest ...New York Daily News Highly Cited:Major break: Police search car, apartment in case of missing Virginia studentCNN Trending on Google+:Missing UVA student seen leaving restaurant with unidentified manFox News See all 282 sources » Related University of Virginia » Police » Charlottesville » Fox News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Police looking for clues in the disappearance of a University of Virginia student found enough evidence in a car to obtain a warrant to search an apartment, and a news conference was scheduled for Fri…day afternoon to discuss the latest developments in the case. #Virginia #College #MissingPerson   Search for clues in missing UVA student\u0027s disappearance moves to apartment...USA TODAY  - ?46 minutes ago?The GuardianSee realtime coverage Kansas ballots go overseas without a Democrat in Senate race Kansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago? Hundreds of Kansas ballots are on their way to overseas voters without the name of a Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate - but with an unusual note from election authorities. Related Kris Kobach » United States Senate » Democratic Party » Kansas Senate race ballots printed without Democratic candidateKSHB Kansas ballots will be mailed without a Democrat in the Senate raceLos Angeles Times In Depth:Some Kansas ballots to have no Democrat for SenateAlbany Times Union Wikipedia:Kris Kobach See all 89 sources » Related Kris Kobach » United States Senate » Democratic Party »Kansas City Star  - ?55 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage FAA to Investigate If Piece of JetBlue Airplane Flew Off During Emergency ... KTLA  - ?1 hour ago? A bicyclist said Friday that authorities planned to investigate if a metal object that fell from the sky and landed about three feet away from her could have been from a JetBlue airplane that made an emergency landing in Long Beach the previous day. Related JetBlue » Emergency landing » JetBlue Airways Flight 292 » Jackson Rathbone Live Tweets JetBlue Flight\u0027s Emergency LandingHollywood Life New Video From Inside the JetBlue Flight That Blew an Engine Is Kinda TerrifyingNew York Magazine Trending on Google+:Passengers cry and pray as smoke-filled plane rattles to emergency landingCNN In Depth:Passenger says JetBlue plane filled with smokeSFGate See all 499 sources » Related JetBlue » Emergency landing » JetBlue Airways Flight 292 » RT America3 hours ago  -  Google+ A JetBlue flight made an emergency landing at Long Beach Airport in California after losing an engine on Thursday morning. One passenger filmed the inside of the aircraft, while a movie star aboard li…ve tweeted the incident. Smoke-filled JetBlue plane makes dramatic emergency landing (VIDEO)KTLA  - ?1 hour ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage California wildfire suspect pleads not guilty The Seattle Times  - ?9 minutes ago? A massive Northern California wildfire is burning so explosively because of the prolonged drought that firefighters are finding normal amounts of retardant aren\u0027t stopping the flames. Related California » October 2007 California wildfires » Weed » Record amount of retardant used on California fire14 News WFIE Evansville Calif. Man Pleads Not Guilty to Setting King Fire That Displaced 2800ABC News (blog) In Depth:King Fire burns structures, threatens UC Berkeley projectSFGate Wikipedia:2014 California wildfires See all 1,997 sources » Related California » October 2007 California wildfires » Weed » Catherine Hall5 hours ago  -  Google+ Last Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014 photo shows fire as it approaches the shore of Bass Lake, Calif. Crews are attempting to get better access to two raging wildfires in California on Monday that have forced …hundreds to evacuate their homes.    Image Credit: AP Photo/YosemiteLandscapes.com, Darvin AtkesonThe Seattle Times  - ?9 minutes ago?TIMESee realtime coverage Pabst Sale to Oasis Moves Iconic U.S. Brand to Russia Bloomberg  - ?3 hours ago? Pabst Brewing Co., the closely held 170-year-old American brewer, agreed to be acquired by the Russian company Oasis Beverages in a deal a person familiar with the matter pegged at $700 million to $750 million. Related Pabst Brewing Company » Beer » Brewing » Pabst Blue Ribbon is Being Sold to the Russians, Was So Over AnywaySlate Magazine (blog) Pabst, Schlitz and Colt 45 to get Russian ownerMarketWatch Trending on Google+:Pass the Brewski? Pabst Sold to Russian CompanyNBCNews.com Opinion:Russians Buy Pabst Blue RibbonDaily Beast In Depth:Natty Boh brewer Pabst to be sold to Russian firmBaltimore Sun See all 172 sources » Related Pabst Brewing Company » Beer » Brewing » CNNMoney9 hours ago  -  Google+ A #Russian   #brewer  is taking over American icon   #PabstBlueRibbon . Oasis Beverages, which is based in Russia, said on Friday it\u0027s signed a deal to acquire Pabst Brewing Company, which is headquartered in Los Angeles. Pabs…t traces its roots to 1844 and owns a number of well-known American beer brands, including Pabst Blue Ribbon, ,  and the malt liquor . It recently resurrected one of the most popular beers of the mid twentieth century,  India Pale Ale.  http://cnnmon.ie/YYnc5NBloomberg  - ?3 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Global shares end flat, closing out strong week Reuters  - ?57 minutes ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock markets around the world closed flat on Friday as early gains failed to hold through the session, though the upward trend in equities continued and Alibaba soared in its historic U.S. Related Federal Reserve System » Markets » Don\u0027t Fear the Fed: Dow Industrials Jump 100 Points, Hit All-Time HighBarron\u0027s (blog) Early Stock Gains EvaporateInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:Biz Break: Alibaba, Apple, Ellison play \u0027who wants to make billions?\u0027San Jose Mercury News Live Updating:Stock market live blog: S\u0026P 500, Dow extend record run; awaiting AlibabaMarketWatch (blog) See all 293 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Markets »Reuters  - ?57 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Review: Larger iPhones eliminate reason to switch SFGate  - ?18 minutes ago? NEW YORK (AP) - It\u0027s easy to dismiss Apple\u0027s new iPhones as merely catching up to Android. After all, phones running Google\u0027s Android system long have had larger screens. Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » \u0027True\u0027 Apple fan weeps after being removed from iPhone 6 lineCNET Don\u0027t Want to Wait in Line for iPhone 6? Hire This Guy to Do It for YouABC News Trending on Google+:Apple iPhone 6 Review: Bigger Is BetterForbes Opinion:What iPhone Frenzy Is Like For An Apple Store EmployeeGizmodo Australia In Depth:What drives iPhone 6 shoppers to wait in line for days?Christian Science Monitor See all 1,715 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » NBC Bay Area5 hours ago  -  Google+ 11:15 a.m. – Hundreds of people lined up outside the Apple store at the Stanford University shopping center. They say they iPhone 6 Plus is sold out, but iPhone 6 is still available. Tim Cook was http://nbcbay.com/xJOA3rE (I…n case you were wondering, Apple gave out the umbrellas.)SFGate  - ?18 minutes ago?Bidness ETCSee realtime coverage Android Offers Default Data Encryption Bidness ETC  - ?1 hour ago? Google Inc. (GOOG) announced yesterday that its latest version of the Android OS will have a built-in default data encryption. This comes on the back of Apple Inc. (AAPL) targeting its rivals publicly for not giving sufficient importance to data privacy, ... Related Android » Google » Apple Inc. » Google bolsters Android L security with encryption by default strategyTech Times Apple and Google enabling cop-proof encryptionTG Daily (blog) Trending on Google+:Android L\u0027s newest security feature: out-of-the-box encryptionEngadget In Depth:Should You Buy a New iPhone?Wired See all 177 sources » Related Android » Google » Apple Inc. » Rusty Ferguson43 minutes ago  -  Google+ There is a  person on CNN reviewing the iPhone 6. He said it will appeal to all consumers.So Android users, what do you think about this expert\u0027s assessment? haha I guess we have the choice of let…ting Google spy on us or Apple Owning us. LOL  I\u0027m sure Apple also spies on us and locks us in too. I don\u0027t know. #andriod   #iphone6   Graphics Credit: By Yeksancaner (Own work) [CC-BY-SA-4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia CommonsBidness ETC  - ?1 hour ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Iggy Azalea Has J. Lo\u0027s Back in Twerk-Filled \u0027Booty\u0027 Video TIME  - ?1 hour ago? Have you heard? It\u0027s the year of the rear. Yep - after Miley Cyrus delivered her twerk-filled performance with Robin Thicke at last year\u0027s MTV Video Music Awards, the booty-shaking bar was set, and accordingly, 2014 has seen rump-filled videos and ... Related Jennifer Lopez » Iggy Azalea » Music video » Two bums are better than one; JLo adds Iggy Azalea to \u0027Booty\u0027 remix videoFox News Latino 15 Times the \"Booty\" Video Proved That Jennifer Lopez Is a Sexy, Ageless Booty ...E! Online Trending on Google+:Jennifer Lopez, Iggy Azalea Work Up A Sweat In Sexy \u0027Booty\u0027 VideoMTV UK Opinion:Jennifer Lopez\u0027s \u0027Booty\u0027 Wardrobe Shows Off Her Best AssetsMTV.com Wikipedia:Booty See all 201 sources » Related Jennifer Lopez » Iggy Azalea » Music video »TIME  - ?1 hour ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage \u0027Fashion Police\u0027 will go on without Joan Rivers Entertainment Weekly  - ?1 hour ago? E! made the announcement on Friday, saying Rivers\u0027 daughter, Melissa, had given the network her blessing. “We are deeply saddened by the loss of Joan Rivers and, for the last two weeks, have turned our attention to honoring her memory on all of our ... Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fashion Police » Fashion Police to return in 2015 despite death of host Joan RiversDaily Mail E!\u0027s THE FASHION POLICE to Continue Without Joan RiversBroadway World Trending on Google+:Melissa Rivers and Fashion Police Co-Hosts Look Back at Joan Rivers\u0027 Best ...E! Online Opinion:Joan Rivers promotes new iPhone 6 from beyond graveSan Jose Mercury News In Depth:\u0027Fashion Police\u0027 Will Continue Without Joan RiversHuffington Post See all 375 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fashion Police » Walt Armour8 hours ago  -  Google+ Joan Rivers Death TRUTH will out The Plot Thickens, Doctors Hide http://joeforamerica.com/2014/09/joan-rivers-death-the-plot-thickens-doctors-hide/ Rodney Lee Conover on Sep 18, 2014 in American Culture,  Joan Rivers is dead because a celebrity hound doctor  got the upper hand over… the facility director. Here’s what I think happened: Dr. Gwen Korovin, Joan’s ear-nose-throat doctor played Rock, Paper, Scissors with Dr. Lawrence Cohen, medical director of Yorkville Endoscopy over allowing Korovin into the operating room. Korovin... Joan Rivers Death: The Plot Thickens, Doctors Hide - Joe For AmericaEntertainment Weekly  - ?1 hour ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Honey Boo Boo\u0027s parents Mama June, Sugar Bear split up New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? Here comes a breakup! Mama June Shannon and Sugar Bear Thompson, two of the stars of TLC reality show \"Here Comes Honey Boo Boo,\" have gone their separate ways, E! News confirmed. Related Here Comes Honey Boo Boo » Sugar Bear » “Honey Boo Boo” Cancelled After Mama June and Husband Sugar Bear Divorce ...Classicalite Honey Boo Boo\u0027s parents split: Will \u0027Here Come\u0027s Honey Boo Boo\u0027 continue?Examiner.com Highly Cited:Honey Boo Boo\u0027s Mama June and Sugar Bear Break UpE! Online Opinion:Breaking News: Here Comes Honey Boo Boo\u0027s Mama June Separates From ...Inside Pulse See all 82 sources » Related Here Comes Honey Boo Boo » Sugar Bear »New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago?AceShowbizSee realtime coverage Angelina Jolie Signs Up to Direct Biopic \u0027Africa\u0027 AceShowbiz  - ?50 minutes ago? The story about paleo-archaeologist Richard Leakey\u0027s battle against elephant poachers is written by Oscar-winner Eric Roth. Tweet. Related Angelina Jolie » Richard Leakey » Angelina Jolie\u0027s next directing job is Richard Leakey drama \u0027Africa\u0027Los Angeles Times Angelina Jolie to Helm Richard Leakey Biopic AFRICABroadway World Highly Cited:Angelina Jolie to Direct \u0027Africa\u0027 for Skydance ProductionsVariety In Depth:Angelina Jolie\u0027s next directing job, and more news to noteCNN (blog) See all 51 sources » Related Angelina Jolie » Richard Leakey » MovieWeb4 hours ago  -  Google+ Angelina Jolie is directing \u0027Africa\u0027, based on the true story of paleo-archaeologist Richard Leakey and his quest to save the elephant. http://wtch.it/a72D2 #Africa #AngelinaJolie #RichardLeakey #BiopicAceShowbiz  - ?50 minutes ago?Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Nick Marshall, Auburn shows mettle in another close win Montgomery Advertiser  - ?32 minutes ago? Auburn quarterback Nick Marshall threw a 39-yard pass to D\u0027haquille Williams on third-and-nine with 2:06 to go to seal the 20-14 Tigers win over Kansas State on Thursday. Related Kansas State University » Auburn Tigers football » wise decision could be doubly rewarding for AuburnUSA TODAY No. 5 Auburn holds off No. 20 K-State, 20-14The Denver Post In Depth:Auburn vs. Kansas State final score: 3 things we learned from Tigers\u0027 20-14 winSB Nation See all 932 sources » Related Kansas State University » Auburn Tigers football »Montgomery Advertiser  - ?32 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Flyers\u0027 Claude Giroux leaves Day 1 of camp with injury USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? It didn\u0027t take 15 minutes into the first practice of training camp for the Flyers to find hardship. Captain Claude Giroux joined veterans for the first practice of training camp and was also the first to leave. Related Philadelphia Flyers » Flyers training camp: Who will replace Claude Giroux on top line? Pierre ...The Star-Ledger Injury shelves Flyers\u0027 Giroux for rest of campPhilly.com See all 68 sources » Related Philadelphia Flyers » The Hockey News7 hours ago  -  Google+ Uh oh – Flyers captain Claude Giroux left a training camp scrimmage Friday morning with an apparent injury. Do you think Philadelphia can make the playoffs without Giroux in the lineup for a long stre…tch of time? #NHL   #PhiladelphiaFlyers   Claude Giroux leaves practice after 15 minutes with lower-body injury |...USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Broncos\u0027 offense out to prove toughness vs. Seahawks USA TODAY  - ?17 minutes ago? ENGLEWOOD, Colo. - If you really want to irk an NFL player, question his toughness. Say a guy is old, or slow, or tell him he needs to tackle better, and he might glare at you. Related Denver Broncos » NFL Week 3 things that intrigue me: Super revenge, Cousins, Saints\u0027 DCBSSports.com Friday in Hawkville: Marcus Burley to face his biggest test yetSeahawks.com See all 451 sources » Related Denver Broncos »USA TODAY  - ?17 minutes ago?CBSSports.comSee realtime coverage PHOTO: Derek Jeter to receive bronzed Yankees hat CBSSports.com  - ?57 minutes ago? Friday night, the Yankees will play the second game of an eight-game homestand, which also happens to be the final homestand of Derek Jeter\u0027s legendary career. Related Derek Jeter » New York Yankees » Toronto Blue Jays » Blue Jays\u0027 Stroman to start Saturday against YankeesToronto Sun Toronto Blue Jays\u0027 Dalton Pompey gets surprise start against Yankees in New YorkNational Post Opinion:That Stupid Derek Jeter Ad Will Make You Cry For AmericaDeadspin In Depth:Right Up to Retirement, Derek Jeter Is Still Playing the GameNew York Times See all 510 sources » Related Derek Jeter » New York Yankees » Toronto Blue Jays »CBSSports.com  - ?57 minutes ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage So what is a supermassive black hole anyway? Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago? Astronomers say they have discovered a supermassive black hole within one of the smallest known dwarf galaxies. By Noelle Swan, Staff writer September 19, 2014. Supermassive Black Hole Discovered Inside Tiny Dwarf GalaxyHuffington Post Astronomers Discovered Supermassive Black Hole Absorbs GalaxyCapital Wired See all 198 sources » Molly Cosa2 hours ago  -  Google+ NGC 4258 (M106) is about 23.5 million light-years away. The Galaxy is smaller than our Milky Way Galaxy as it is about 60,000 light-years across. The data of this composed radio- to X-ray light image… shows energetic matter falling in to the massive black hole at the centre disk of the M106 (purple\u003dradio and blue\u003dX-ray). Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messier_106Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago?ForbesSee realtime coverage Only 5 billion years until The Milky Way gets gobbled up Washington Post  - ?7 hours ago? Scientists already knew that big galaxies like to chow down on smaller ones -- which is just a cute way of saying that when they collide, the larger galaxy gains the mass of the smaller one. Milky Way Galaxy Has 5 Billion Years Until the Andromeda Galaxy Will Eat it AliveUniversity Herald Milky Way To Be Cannibalized By \u0027Monster\u0027 Andromeda In Only 5 Billion Years ...Headlines \u0026 Global News See all 34 sources » NASA8 hours ago  -  Google+ Meanwhile, 300 million light-years away, a huge galaxy in the constellation of Pavo (The Peacock) interacts with the smaller galaxy that can be seen just above. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1r6ZQEd Image is from our + Hubble Space Telescope  Washington Post  - ?7 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Ebola lockdown brings Sierra Leone capital to a halt Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? FREETOWN (Reuters) - Streets in the capital of Sierra Leone were deserted on Friday as the West African state began a contested, three-day lockdown in a bid to halt the worst Ebola outbreak on record. Related Ebola » Sierra Leone » Sierra Leone: Where Colin Powell Felt His RootsNPR (blog) Ebola in W/Africa, a major threat to peace —UNNigerian Tribune Trending on Google+:Ebola crisis: Yes, we need to help but is Obama ready to keep Americans safe?Fox News Opinion:Epidemic ProportionsDallas Morning News In Depth:No contact: Life inside the Ebola outbreakCNN See all 1,181 sources » Related Ebola » Sierra Leone » Chicago Tribune3 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola lockdown brings Sierra Leone capital to a halt Streets in the capital of Sierra Leone were deserted on Friday as the West African state began a contested, three-day lockdown in a bid to halt t…he worst Ebola outbreak on record.Reuters  - ?1 hour ago?Capital WiredSee realtime coverage One Dose of Antidepressant Changes Brain Connectivity HCPLive  - ?6 hours ago? THURSDAY, Sept. 18, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Just a single dose of a common antidepressant can quickly alter the way brain cells communicate with one another, according to early research published online Sept. Related Antidepressants » Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors » SSRI\u0027s can change your brain structure immediatelyiStreet Research Antidepressants: One Dose Alters the Brain in Just HoursNews on Wellness In Depth:One dose of antidepressants \u0027alters the brain within hours\u0027Medical News Today See all 66 sources » Related Antidepressants » Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors » Ward Plunet1 hour ago  -  Google+ Single dose of antidepressant changes the brain A single dose of antidepressant is enough to produce dramatic changes in the functional architecture of the human brain. Brain scans taken of people …before and after an acute dose of a commonly prescribed SSRI (serotonin reuptake inhibitor) reveal changes in connectivity within three hours, say researchers who report their observations in the Cell Press journal Current Biology on September 18. ... Single dose of antidepressant changes the brainHCPLive  - ?6 hours ago?Today 67° 61° Sat 75° 66° Sun 79° 68° Mon 72° 54°Today YesterdayMLS  COL 1411178400 RSLMLB  NYM 0 0 Bot 2nd ATLWAS 2 1 Bot 3rd MIACHW 0 2 Top 2nd TBTOR 2 3 Bot 3rd NYYMIL 1 0 Bot 3rd PITBOS 0 1 Top 3rd BALLAD 14-5 Final CHCCLE 1411171800 MINARI 1411171800 COLDET 1411171800 KCSEA 1411171800 HOUCIN 1411172100 STLPHI 1411176900 OAKTEX 1411178700 LAASF 1411179000 SDMLB  TEX 7-2 Final OAKTOR 2-3 Final NYYBOS 2-3 Final PITWAS 6-2 Final MIALAD 8-4 Final CHCCLE 2-1 Final HOUMIL 2-3 Final STLARI 6-7 Final COLPHI 3-7 Final SDSEA 3-1 Final LAANFL  TB 14-56 Final ATL -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":25,"second":38},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
