{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentVeterans of Elite Israeli Unit Refuse Reserve Duty, Citing Treatment of PalestiniansTour Egypt\u0027s Pyramids and the Sphinx With Google MapsNATIONS TRYING TO STOP CITIZENS FROM AIDING ISISMLS  MLB  MLB  NFL  Modesto, California »Modesto drill simulates bomb explosion at baseball gameCentral Catholic-St. Mary\u0027s leads off exciting night of high school footballModesto News: Don\u0027t fear the red light camerasEditors\u0027 PicksIT Salary Guide 2014How to Choose a Big Data SolutionApple Dives into Phablets and Wearables with iPhone 6 and Apple WatchTop Linux Myths DispelledTech Comics: How to Use WearablesSpotlight »Stephen Hawking: \u0027God particle\u0027 could destroy the universePewDiePie Is the Most Popular YouTube Star in the World. Why?Who\u0027s behind the Chinese takeover of world\u0027s biggest pork producer?Dogs Prefer Petting Way More Than You ThoughtSouthwest FloodingIs the Cold War Back?Automakers recall 14 million cars for exploding airbags10 Popular Things You Didn\u0027t Know \u0027The Simpsons\u0027 Totally InspiredObama expected to move forward in Syria with or without Congress\u0027 supportCramer: Nobody noticed the elephant in this market?Chipotle\u0027s wrong -- fast food isn\u0027t going away (not yet, at least)Men Say Women \u0027Not As Hot\u0027 After Age 21Most popularPalin family brawl under investigation by Anchorage policeNotorious High School Shooter TJ Lane in Custody After Prison EscapeVikings\u0027 Adrian Peterson accused of child abuseLarger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record ordersOscar Pistorius \u0027a free man for now\u0027US Rep Sanford calls off engagement to \u0027soul mate\u0027Doctor Who Worked on Rivers Steps Down From Post at Medical ClinicCharges in dead babies case; neighbors soul-searchEarth Bombarded By Twin Solar FlaresCongress Likely to Debate Obama War Plan Against Islamic State Group","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesMark Sanford breaks up with fiance, blames ex-wifeNotorious High School Shooter TJ Lane in Custody After Prison EscapePistorius released on bail after verdict of culpable homicideNFL\u0027s Adrian Peterson charged with child abuse, will miss Sunday\u0027s gameDoctor Who Worked on Rivers Steps Down From Post at Medical ClinicNFL players vote to approve new drug policyWorld »Rob Ford withdraws from mayor\u0027s race, Doug files to take his placeThe fight against ISIS: That which we call a \u0027war\u0027 ...Kerry opposes Iran role in anti-Islamic State coalitionScottish independence: \u0027Leak\u0027 row marks weekend\u0027s campaignU.S. »Palins Said to Be Involved In Brawl at Party in AlaskaTwo F/A-18 Hornets crash in the Pacific OceanBusiness »HSBC pays $550M over risky mortgage bondsOlive Garden chefs urged to salt the pasta waterFederal Reserve Creates Financial Stability CommitteeTechnology »UPDATE 2-Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record ordersEnd of an era: Apple stops sales of the iPod ClassicTim Cook: TV Is Stuck Back in the 1970sCan the Apple Watch take off as a fashion accessory?Entertainment »Chris Brown: You Were Brave To Speak Out About Ray RiceBig Sean Slams \"Crazy Bitch\" in New Single: Is He Dissing Naya Rivera?!\u0027No Good Deed\u0027: movie reviewClooney marriage rumor draws crowds - but not ClooneySports »Nightengale: Chris Davis\u0027 biggest offense is stupidityThe most embarrassing week in NFL historyScience »New Bones Discovery Unearths Spinosaurus— Bigger Than T.Rex, Known To ...Scientists Capture The Sound Of A Single Atom, And Apparently It\u0027s A \u0027D-Note\u0027Solar Storms Are Bombarding Earth Now, Amped-up Auroras PossibleHealth »Ebola surging beyond control, WHO\u0027s Margaret Chan warns3 in 10 former NFL players to develop brain problems according to dataRecentModesto, California »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 13 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 13 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT132013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories CNNSee realtime coverage Mark Sanford breaks up with fiance, blames ex-wife MiamiHerald.com  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON -- Rep. Mark Sanford, R-S.C., announced Friday that he broke off his engagement to Argentine fiancee Maria Belen Chapur, saying on Facebook that he was forced to end the relationship because his ex-wife had filed a new legal complaint ... Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken upCNN Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ...New York Daily News Opinion:Mark Sanfords Epic Facebook OvershareDaily Beast See all 93 sources » Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Yahoo News2 hours ago  -  Google+ The former South Carolina governor who resigned after disappearing for a romantic getaway with his Argentinian girlfriend has announced that he and his fiancee are calling off their engagement in a 2,…346-word Facebook post, writing that \"no relationship can stand forever this tension.\" Read more: http://yhoo.it/X9fzYT Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement to Argentinian Fianc?e ABC News ABC News US Rep Sanford Calls off Engagement to \u0027Soul Mate\u0027 New York Daily News New York Daily News Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ... Wall Street Journal (blog) Wall Street Journal (blog) Mark Sanford Breaks Off Engagement With Argentine Fiancée Daily Beast Daily Beast Mark Sanford Ends Engagement Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Mark Sanford breaks up with fiancee, blames ex-wife WYFF Greenville WYFF Greenville Full text of u.s. Rep. Sanford\u0027s Facebook post WLTX.com WLTX.com Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement CNN CNN Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken up The State The State Sanford Letter: \u0027You sign my paycheck ... I think I owe you my thinking\u0027 The State The State Rep. Mark Sanford blames divorce battle for ending his engagement Mic Mic Mark Sanford Just Posted the Most Bizarre Message on His Facebook Page The Wire The Wire Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook The Hill (blog) The Hill (blog) Sanford on Facebook: the wedding\u0027s off! Daily Mail Daily Mail Mark Sanford reveals he\u0027s called off engagement to Argentinian \u0027soulmate ... Raw Story Raw Story South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford calls off engagement in bizarre Facebook post Techsonia Techsonia Mark Sanford Announces Split to Argentinian Fiancé Over Facebook USA TODAY USA TODAY \u0027Agony of divorce\u0027: Rep. Sanford talks broken engagement on Facebook MSNBC MSNBC Mark Sanford breaks off engagement in rambling Facebook post Daily Caller Daily Caller Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Wedding Engagement To Argentinian Hotty ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Notorious High School Shooter TJ Lane in Custody After Prison Escape ABC News  - ?17 minutes ago? T.J. Lane, who was serving three life sentences for a notorious high school shooting spree, escaped from an Ohio prison but was later taken back into custody, authorities said. Related Chardon High School shooting » Ohio » Prison escape » Mom of shooting victim recounts fear at killer\u0027s escapeCBS News Escaped School Shooter TJ Lane Had \u0027Highest Level of Security\u0027wgowam Trending on Google+:Chardon High School shooter T.J. Lane has been captured after escape from ...NewsNet5.com Opinion:Union: Jail Knew TJ Lane Planned EscapeDaily Beast In Depth:Investigations underway in escape of Ohio prison inmates including convicted ...Minneapolis Star Tribune Wikipedia:Chardon High School shooting See all 1,251 sources » Related Chardon High School shooting » Ohio » Prison escape » Times LIVESee realtime coverage Pistorius released on bail after verdict of culpable homicide Irish Times  - ?46 minutes ago? Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria, South Africa, yesterday. Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images. Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius verdict: Steenkamp family protestBBC News Oscar Pistorius verdict shocks Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s familyThe Australian From South Africa:South Africa: Pistorius Guilty of Culpable HomicideAllAfrica.com Wikipedia:Trial of Oscar Pistorius See all 5,347 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s parents \u0027shocked\u0027 at Pistorius verdict - Johannesburg AFP - The parents of Reeva Steenkamp, who was shot and killed by Oscar Pistorius, reacted on Friday with shock and d…isbelief at a judges decision to acquit the star athlete of murder charges.We were shocked. Shocked. Disappointed, June Steenkamp told British ITV News. You know your heart drops because you just want the truth, she said.Judge Thokozile Masipa found ... Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s parents \u0027shocked\u0027 at Pistorius verdict ReutersSee realtime coverage NFL\u0027s Adrian Peterson charged with child abuse, will miss Sunday\u0027s game Reuters  - ?28 minutes ago? (Reuters) - Police were seeking on Friday to arrest Minnesota Vikings star running back Adrian Peterson on a charge of injury to a child, a Texas sheriff\u0027s office said, while Peterson\u0027s attorney said the incident resulted from him \"using a switch to spank his son. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Vikings\u0027 Peterson indicted for negligent injury of child, won\u0027t play SundayUSA TODAY Vikings\u0027 Adrian Peterson indicted on injury to child charge in Montgomery CountyKPRC Houston Featured:Warrant issued for arrest of Vikings\u0027 PetersonMinneapolis Star Tribune Highly Cited:EXCLUSIVE Details On Adrian Peterson Indictment ChargesCBS Local Opinion:Warrant Issued For Adrian Peterson\u0027s Arrest In Child Injury CaseDeadspin In Depth:Adrian Peterson indicted on child abuse charges; deactivated for gameLos Angeles Times See all 522 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Dori Longino42 minutes ago  -  Google+ + Minnesota Vikings Adrian #Peterson Out vs. Patriots After Indictment for Negligent Injury to Child Adrian Peterson has been deactivated heading into the Minnesota #Vikings\u0027 Week 2 matchup with the New England Patriots. The Vi…kings star was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child, per Mark Berman of Fox 26 in Houston: ESPN\u0027s Adam Schefter announced the move by Minnesota: According to NFL.com\u0027s Ian Rapoport, authorities in Montgomery County... Team Stream by Bleacher Report USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Doctor Who Worked on Rivers Steps Down From Post at Medical Clinic New York Times  - ?32 minutes ago? The doctor who performed an endoscopy on Joan Rivers before she went into cardiac arrest has stepped down as medical director of the Manhattan clinic where she was treated and he is no longer doing procedures there, the clinic announced on Friday. Related Joan Rivers » Clinic » Joan Rivers\u0027 doctor steps downStuff.co.nz Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor Steps Down in Wake of Star\u0027s Deathseattlepi.com Highly Cited:Joan Rivers Doctor Out at Clinic After Her DeathTheWrap Trending on Google+:Joan Rivers -- Doctor Who Performed Throat Procedure FiredTMZ.com Opinion:The Doctor Who Operated On Joan Rivers Has Stepped DownMTV.com In Depth:One doctor is out at Manhattan clinic that treated Joan RiversLos Angeles Times See all 211 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Clinic » Eyewitness News ABC7NY8 hours ago  -  Google+ JOAN RIVERS: The medical director of the clinic, Yorkville Endoscopy, where Joan Rivers went into cardiac arrest has stepped down. FULL STORY: http://7ny.tv/1uLyPa6 USA TODAYSee realtime coverage NFL players vote to approve new drug policy USA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago? The NFL Players Association\u0027s board of representatives unanimously approved a term sheet on a new comprehensive drug policy Friday night. Related National Football League » Wes Welker » NFL to implement HGH testing, increase threshold for positive marijuana tests in ...New York Daily News NFLPA agrees to new drug policy, suspensions reducedKansas City Star In Depth:NFL players ratify HGH testing, other changes to sport\u0027s drug policiesWashington Post See all 228 sources » Related National Football League » Wes Welker » Dori Longino9 hours ago  -  Google+ With the #NFL and the union trying to hammer out an agreement on a new drug-testing policy, and with players reportedly set to think about voting on it on Friday, we\u0027ve wondered what will happen to th…e suspensions that players like #Browns receiver Josh #Gordon and + Denver Broncos wideout Wes #Welker currently are serving. There\u0027s been talk that Welker\u0027s suspension would be overturned completely, and now ESPN\u0027s Adam Schefter is reporting that Gordon\u0027s year-lon... World » Toronto StarSee realtime coverage Rob Ford withdraws from mayor\u0027s race, Doug files to take his place Toronto Star  - ?39 minutes ago? The Rob Ford era ended Friday as dramatically as it unfolded: Ford, the mayor whose scandals roiled city hall and captured global attention, withdrew from the race because of a tumour - and blessed the new candidacy of his brother and former campaign ... Related Rob Ford » Toronto » Rob Ford pulls out of mayoral race, Doug Ford steps inCBC.ca Rob Ford quits Toronto mayor\u0027s race with \u0027heavy heart\u0027Los Angeles Times Highly Cited:Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford withdraws from raceCNN In Depth:New and significant twist in long-running Ford sagaCP24 Toronto\u0027s Breaking News See all 908 sources » Related Rob Ford » Toronto » Michael Bennett1 hour ago  -  Google+ Toronto Free From Ford More Years... as Mayor Rob Ford has dropped out of Toronto\u0027s 2014 mayoral election, and is running instead as a city councillor.  I suspect Ford will win his council seat b…ack  With any luck Rob Ford does not have cancer, he was a horrible mayor, but I don\u0027t want to see him dead. #RobFord   #topoli   Rob Ford drops out of Toronto mayor’s race, Doug Ford to run in his stead |... New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage The fight against ISIS: That which we call a \u0027war\u0027 ... CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington\u0027s impending military action against the jihadist group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, but others in the Obama administration aren\u0027t shying away from the word. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » NATIONS TRYING TO STOP CITIZENS FROM AIDING ISISNew York Times White House makes it official : US \"at war\" with ISChannel News Asia Opinion:The US plan leaves lingering doubtsThe Daily Star In Depth:White House declares America IS \u0027at war\u0027 with ISISDaily Mail See all 617 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » ReutersSee realtime coverage Kerry opposes Iran role in anti-Islamic State coalition Daily Mail  - ?23 minutes ago? ANKARA, Sept 12 (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday it would be \"inappropriate\" for Iran to join talks on confronting Islamic State militants, as he appeared to play down how fast countries can commit to force or other steps in an ... Related John Kerry » Turkey » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Turkish qualms highlight difficulty building US alliance against Islamic StateJerusalem Post UPDATE 3-Kerry opposes Iran role in anti-Islamic State coalitionReuters Africa From Turkey:Historic option ahead of TurkeyHurriyet Daily News Opinion:Kerry plays down hopes of imminent anti-Islamic State coalitionReuters UK Wikipedia:Timeline of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant events in 2014 See all 479 sources » Related John Kerry » Turkey » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Scottish independence: \u0027Leak\u0027 row marks weekend\u0027s campaign BBC News  - ?14 minutes ago? Campaigners in the Scottish independence referendum are gearing up for a final weekend of activity. First Minister Alex Salmond will continue his helicopter tour of the country. Related Scotland » Scottish independence » Scottish vote up in the airMontreal Gazette Two friends with differing views on Scottish independence travel BritainIrish Examiner From United Kingdom:Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon tour ScotlandScotsman Opinion:Scottish independence: Whatever the result of next week\u0027s referendum, a looser ...The Independent In Depth:After Scotland\u0027s Vote, the Rocky Road AheadWall Street Journal Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 2,282 sources » Related Scotland » Scottish independence » RT9 hours ago  -  Google+ The BBC faces accusations of anti-independence bias after its political editor, Nick Robinson, produced a report that wrongly claimed Alex Salmond had ignored his question during a heated press confer…ence. BBC accused of anti-independence bias after editing out Salmond’s reply to... More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Palins Said to Be Involved In Brawl at Party in Alaska New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? ANCHORAGE - It began as a birthday party that drew local snowmobile racers, construction workers and other longtime Alaskans last Saturday night. Related Sarah Palin » More details emerge in fight that witnesses say involved Palin familyAlaska Dispatch Sarah Palin and family involved in house party brawlExaminer.com Highly Cited:Palin family attended party, where fight broke outCNN Trending on Google+:Sarah Palin\u0027s Family Allegedly in Alaska House Party BrawlABC News See all 247 sources » Related Sarah Palin » Richard Wooding3 hours ago  -  Google+ The Palin family keeps it classy in Alaska Sarah Palin and her family were reportedly involved in a mass brawl at a snowmobile party (what on earth is a snowmobile party?) which had to be broke…n up by police. The former governor\u0027s son and daughter both threw punches while Mrs Palin herself shouted: \"Don\u0027t you know who I am?\" as the scene descended into chaos. Alcohol was believed to be a factor in the incident http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/sarah-palin/11091080/Sarah-Palin-and-family-caught-up-in-Alaska-mass-brawl.html Sarah Palin and family \u0027caught up in Alaska mass brawl\u0027 The Virginian-PilotSee realtime coverage Two F/A-18 Hornets crash in the Pacific Ocean The Virginian-Pilot  - ?1 hour ago? An F/A-18C Hornet from the Mighty Shrikes of Strike Fighter Squadron 94 launches from the flight deck of the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson on Aug. 30, 2014. Related United States Navy » F/A-18 Hornets » Search continues for missing pilot after collision over oceanCBS 8 San Diego Report: F/A-18 fighter jets collided near Navy aircraft carrierWashington Post From Guam:Search continues for missing FA-18 pilotPacific Daily News See all 377 sources » Related United States Navy » F/A-18 Hornets » More U.S. stories Business » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage HSBC pays $550M over risky mortgage bonds USA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago? WASHINGTON - Big British bank HSBC has agreed to pay $550 million to resolve U.S. claims that it misled U.S. mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac about risky mortgage securities it sold them before the housing market collapsed in 2007. Related HSBC » Mortgage loans » HSBC settles mortgage case for $550 millionFortune HSBC to Pay $550 Million to End Mortgage-Related SuitNew York Times In Depth:Industry, consumer groups tell Fannie, Freddie regulator not to raise mortgage feesMarketWatch (blog) See all 70 sources » Related HSBC » Mortgage loans » MarketWatchSee realtime coverage Olive Garden chefs urged to salt the pasta water MarketWatch  - ?2 hours ago? NEW YORK (MarketWatch) - There\u0027s something to be said about a company that manages close to $2 billion in quarterly revenue selling breadsticks and fatty pasta dishes. Related Olive Garden » Darden Restaurants » Is Olive Garden serving you too many breadsticks?Arizona Daily Star Darden earnings top estimatesInvestor\u0027s Business Daily Opinion:Hedge Fund Manager Publishes Dizzying 294-Slide Presentation Exposing How ...Business Insider In Depth:Olive Garden investor: Back off on the breadsticksSFGate See all 367 sources » Related Olive Garden » Darden Restaurants » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Federal Reserve Creates Financial Stability Committee Wall Street Journal  - ?47 minutes ago? The Federal Reserve is elevating its post-crisis efforts to monitor potential threats to financial stability, creating a high-level committee led by the central bank\u0027s No. Related Federal Reserve System » Finances » US Federal Reserve taps Stanley Fischer to lead new financial stability committeeEconomic Times Fed Creates Stability PanelInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:UPDATE 2-With eye on market stability, Fischer carves out Fed roleReuters See all 33 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Finances » More Business stories Technology » Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage UPDATE 2-Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record orders Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? (Adds iPhone global demand, paragraphs 12-15). By Soham Chatterjee and Sam N. Adams. Sept 12 (Reuters) - Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc\u0027s iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company\u0027s ... Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders set overnight recordTrustedReviews How to Get an iPhone 6 From the Big 4 Wireless CarrierseWeek Highly Cited:Larger iPhone 6 Plus Sells Out, “Record Number” of iPhone Pre-ordersRe/code Trending on Google+:iPhone 6 presales begin -- with US Apple Store caught nappingCNET Opinion:After high demand, iPhone 6 Plus ship times slip to OctoberArs Technica In Depth:Apple\u0027s Huge New iPhone Is Already BackorderedHuffington Post See all 895 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » MacRumors12 hours ago  -  Google+ Approximately four hours after Apple began taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Store shipping estimates for new orders of the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus have now slipped beyond the…ir original September 19 delivery date in the United States. The larger 5.5-inch model now shows... Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 Plus Pre-Order Shipping Estimates Slip to 3-4 Weeks Tampabay.comSee realtime coverage End of an era: Apple stops sales of the iPod Classic Tampabay.com  - ?3 hours ago? It came in with a simple promise, a hefty price tag and a man with something white sticking in his ears bopping around his apartment. Related iPod classic » Apple Inc. » iPod » iPod Classic Sales Halt by Apple Halts Bring an End to an EraCapital OTC Apple Pulls iPod Classic From Website, Says Goodbye to Fan-FavoriteHeadlines \u0026 Global News Trending on Google+:On Death and iPods: A RequiemWired In Depth:The iPod Classic: Thanks and goodbyeZDNet See all 20 sources » Related iPod classic » Apple Inc. » iPod » Times of India Technology7 hours ago  -  Google+ While everyone talks about the new #iPhones and #AppleWatch, no one seems to have noticed that Apple killed off this gadget http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/more-gadgets/Apple-quietly-kills-off-iconic-iPod-Classic/articleshow/42362642.cms NPRSee realtime coverage Tim Cook: TV Is Stuck Back in the 1970s Mashable  - ?1 hour ago? Just days after Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phablet and revealed the Apple Watch, the company\u0027s first new product category entry in years, he\u0027s back on TV talking about Apple\u0027s continuing interest in yet another key consumer ... Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Apple working on products no one has guessed at, says Tim CookTelegraph.co.uk The Next Great Gold Rush: Apps and Accessories for the Apple WatchBlack Press USA Opinion:How Steve Jobs Convinced Tim Cook To Work For AppleBusiness Insider In Depth:Apple Watch Features: 10 Really Useful Apps Worth Waiting ForInternational Business Times See all 10,494 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » SlashGear2 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple TV is a pretty neat concept, and like others in its category, does its job well. Until recently, Apple has left Apple TV as a back-burner technology, which could have to do with the fact they we…re hard at work on a new iPhone and Apple Watch.… Tim Cook teases possible Apple TV improvements CNNSee realtime coverage Can the Apple Watch take off as a fashion accessory? CNN  - ?4 hours ago? (CNN) -- Ariel Adams loves watches. He owns more than a hundred of them, sometimes changing into a different watch multiple times a day. Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Can the Apple Watch Woo Traditional Watch Fans?New York Times Even before the Apple Watch, timepieces were having a momentNational Post In Depth:Watch those wrists: Apple move may spur salesUSA TODAY See all 295 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Eli Fennell4 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple Watch Impressions + Marques Brownlee  is one of those voices in tech reviews that I listen to, so of course I was curious about his initial impressions of the Apple Watch.  By his own admission he hasn\u0027…t used it yet, so this is more of a reflection on how Apple itself presents their vision of the smartwatch than a hands-on review. His conclusion?  It doesn\u0027t look all that great, in terms of the software and how the user interacts with it, thou... More Technology stories Entertainment » seattlepi.comSee realtime coverage Chris Brown: You Were Brave To Speak Out About Ray Rice Hollywood Life  - ?49 minutes ago? Chris, no one expected you to get anywhere near the Ray Rice issue, with your own history of domestic abuse with Rihanna. That\u0027s why it was courageous of you to talk openly about your experience and give Ray advice. Related Chris Brown » Ray Rice » Chris Brown: \u0027I see a therapist twice a week for anger management\u0027SFGate (blog) ?Chris Brown Gives Advice To Ray Rice… About Learning To Control His Anger!PerezHilton.com Highly Cited:Chris Brown\u0027s Advice For Ray Rice: It\u0027s How You Control Your AngerMTV.com In Depth:Chris Brown to Ray Rice: \u0027I\u0027ve Been Down That Road\u0027RollingStone.com Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 86 sources » Related Chris Brown » Ray Rice » Jonathan Langdale6 hours ago  -  Google+ Ironically, Chris Brown\u0027s response on Ray Rice is the most productive/intelligent of all media references to subject. . Chris Brown -- Advises Ray Rice ... Control Yourself and Don\u0027t F-Up | TMZ.com E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Big Sean Slams \"Crazy Bitch\" in New Single: Is He Dissing Naya Rivera?! E! Online  - ?2 hours ago? Well, if this song is about Naya Rivera, then it\u0027s safe to say Big Sean isn\u0027t holding back. Following the announcement that the 26-year-old hip hop star has signed with Roc Nation, although he will also continue to work with Kanye West\u0027s G.O. Related Big Sean » Roc Nation » [Listen] Big Sean Releases Angry Break-Up Song, \"I Don\u0027t F*ck With You\"Madame Noire Big Sean \u0027Dodged Bullet From Crazy Bitch\u0027 Naya Rivera In New Song?Popdust Opinion:Big Sean Says \u0027I Was With My Ex\u0027 When He Wrote \u0027I Don\u0027t F--k With You\u0027MTV.com See all 42 sources » Related Big Sean » Roc Nation » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027No Good Deed\u0027: movie review New York Daily News  - ?2 hours ago? “No Good Deed” is an example of the worst kind of exploitative thriller - and it\u0027s being released during the worst possible week. Related No Good Deed » Taraji P. Henson » \u0027No Good Deed\u0027 review: Idris Elba\u0027s talents wasted in plodding thrillerNewsday Review: \u0027No Good Deed\u0027 1/2Chicago Tribune In Depth:\u0027No Good Deed\u0027 movie review: A violent film hits theaters at the worst timeWashington Post See all 117 sources » Related No Good Deed » Taraji P. Henson » ReutersSee realtime coverage Clooney marriage rumor draws crowds - but not Clooney Reuters  - ?5 hours ago? LONDON (Reuters) - Tabloid reports that George Clooney and his fiance Amal Alamuddin would perform their civil marriage ceremony at a London town hall drew small crowds on Friday, but no sign of the happy couple. Related George Clooney » Crowd Gathers for George Clooney\u0027s Civil Ceremony but Cheers Another ...People Magazine George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Not Getting Married in London Today ...E! Online See all 206 sources » Related George Clooney » More Entertainment stories Sports » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Nightengale: Chris Davis\u0027 biggest offense is stupidity USA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago? You couldn\u0027t help but feel sorry for Baltimore Orioles slugger Chris Davis last year. He had the mother of all breakout seasons, hitting a major-league leading 53 home runs, and all of the while, fending off the insinuation and constant questions that he must be ... Related Baltimore Orioles » Chris Davis » Major League Baseball » Orioles Lose Davis, But Does It Really Matter?Wall Street Journal Baseball notes: Orioles\u0027 Chris Davis suspended 25 gamesLos Angeles Times In Depth:What you need to know about Chris Davis\u0027 suspensionBaltimore Sun Wikipedia:Chris Davis See all 266 sources » Related Baltimore Orioles » Chris Davis » Major League Baseball » Circa7 hours ago  -  Google+ Baltimore Orioles first baseman Chris Davis was suspended by MLB on Sept. 12 for 25 games after testing positive for amphetamines. The suspension begins immediately and includes the postseason. The pu…nishment for amphetamine use is separate from baseball\u0027s performance-enhancing drug (PED) policy. MLB slugger Chris Davis suspended 25 games for positive drug test ESPNSee realtime coverage The most embarrassing week in NFL history SI.com  - ?25 minutes ago? This week is likely one the National Football League and commissioner Roger Goodell would like to forget. Ray Rice. On Monday, video surfaced of Ray Rice striking his then-fiancée, now wife, Janay Palmer in an Atlantic City casino on Feb. 15. Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » Did Ray Rice get off too easily with anger management counseling?CBS News Commish Condi? Drumbeat grows for former Secretary Rice to heal reeling NFL.Christian Science Monitor Opinion:How to tackle society\u0027s problem of domestic abuseChicago Sun-Times In Depth:Football\u0027s uncivilized: beyond the Rice eye-openerNew York Post Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 11,490 sources » Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » The Diane Rehm Show7 hours ago  -  Google+ What exactly NFL Commissioner Ray Goodell knew about the domestic abuse incident between Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice and his then-fiancee, and when he knew it, could impact not only league rules,… but also how the organization is funded and who serves as its leader. Could Condoleezza Rice take Goddell\u0027s place? Could Congress cut off the NFL\u0027s non-profit status? Our panel discussed the issues during our Sept. 12 news roundup. For the... More Sports stories Science » CBS LocalSee realtime coverage New Bones Discovery Unearths Spinosaurus— Bigger Than T.Rex, Known To ... CBS Local  - ?2 hours ago? A model of the Cretaceous predator Spinosaurus gets rock star treatment at a photo shoot. Related Tags: Bones, Dinosaur, Discovery, Ernst Freiherr Stromer von Reichenbach, Fossils, Germany, Morocco, National Geographic Society, Nizar Ibrahim, ... Related Dinosaurs » Humongous dinosaur was \u0027half duck, half crocodile\u0027Christian Science Monitor First Swimming Dinosaur DiscoveredForbes Trending on Google+:Spinosaurus fossil: \u0027Giant swimming dinosaur\u0027 unearthedBBC News In Depth:Bizarre dinosaur with jaws like a crocodile, feet like a duck unveiledCBS News See all 468 sources » Related Dinosaurs » Rich Pollett6 hours ago  -  Google+ Spinosaurus aegyptiacus: Semiaquatic adaptations in a giant predatory dinosaur An unusual fossil whose parts were flung across two continents appears to be the first known semi-aquatic dinosaur, acc…ording to a report published Thursday by the journal Science. The differences between this Spinosaurus and other theropods are apparent from head to toe. Most theropods, like T. rex, ran on two powerful legs and had small, spindly arms. By contrast, ... Headlines \u0026 Global NewsSee realtime coverage Scientists Capture The Sound Of A Single Atom, And Apparently It\u0027s A \u0027D-Note\u0027 Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago? That\u0027s according to scientists at Chalmers University of Technology in Göteborg, Sweden, who have revealed in a new study that they\u0027ve captured the sound of a single atom. Related Quantum mechanics » Atoms \u0027Sing\u0027 A D Note, Researchers Listen For The First TimeHeadlines \u0026 Global News Swedish Scientists Capture The Sound Of Atom For The First Time EverValueWalk Highly Cited:The sound of atoms: Scientists communicate with matter at its smallest scalesTech Times Opinion:Scientists Have Recorded the Sound of a Single AtomGizmodo In Depth:Scientists capture the sound of an atomFinancial Express See all 50 sources » Related Quantum mechanics » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Researchers capture sound from atoms, opening new doors to quantum research http://b4in.org/h8ZX On the right, an artificial atom generates sound waves consisting of ripples on the surface of a solid. The sound, known a…s a surface acoustic wave (SAW) is picked up on the left by a “microphone” composed of interlaced metal fingers. According to theory, the sound consists of a stream of quantum particles, the weakest whisper physically possible. The illustration is ... Scientific AmericanSee realtime coverage Solar Storms Are Bombarding Earth Now, Amped-up Auroras Possible Scientific American  - ?22 minutes ago? A massive solar eruption, called a coronal mass ejection, can be seen blasting out from the sun\u0027s surface after powerful X1.6-class solar flare on September 10, 2014. Related Sun » Earth Bombarded By Twin Solar FlaresForbes Sleepy spotless summer Sun\u0027s shock solar storm surge stuns scientistsRegister In Depth:Solar storm\u0027s impacts to spacecraft should be limitedSpaceflight Now See all 620 sources » Related Sun » RT America27 minutes ago  -  Google+ Another extreme solar storm has struck Earth after two solar flares took place on an Earth-facing part of the sun. The two powerful blasts from the sun took place Wednesday, with the first storm hitti…ng late Thursday. ?Anticipate auroras: Second solar storm sweeps Earth after ‘extreme’ sun flare More Science stories Health » CBC.caSee realtime coverage Ebola surging beyond control, WHO\u0027s Margaret Chan warns CBC.ca  - ?1 hour ago? Ebola virus cases in West Africa are rising faster than the ability to contain them, the World Health Organization says, as experts warn that the exponential rise could become a worldwide disaster. Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ebola toll hits 2400, Cuba pledges medics9news.com.au Pentagon May Expand Its Involvement in Ebola OutbreakWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Chilling Photos From the Front Lines of the Ebola OutbreakWired Opinion:How not to handle EbolaCNN In Depth:\u0027It doesn\u0027t make sense\u0027: Concerns over enlisting DOD in Ebola responseFox News See all 971 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » FanSidedSee realtime coverage 3 in 10 former NFL players to develop brain problems according to data FanSided  - ?1 hour ago? According to a data report, three in 10 former NFL players are expected to develop neurocognitive problems in their lifetime and receive payments under the proposed $765 million concussion settlement. Related National Football League » Alzheimer\u0027s disease » NFL players have 30 percent chance of developing Alzheimer\u0027s or dementiaUPI.com Key findings in reports on NFL concussion dealWashington Post In Depth:NFL: 3 in 10 ex-players face Alzheimer\u0027s, dementiaWashington Times See all 110 sources » Related National Football League » Alzheimer\u0027s disease » RT6 hours ago  -  Google+ Scientists have learned to “reset” human stem cells to their earliest state. This breakthrough gives hope for millions of people suffering from incurable conditions, like Parkinson’s Disease, as scien…tists hope their success would lead to cures. Second life: Scientists ‘reset’ human stem cells to ‘blank state’ More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Veterans of Elite Israeli Unit Refuse Reserve Duty, Citing Treatment of Palestinians New York Times - 10 minutes ago Tour Egypt\u0027s Pyramids and the Sphinx With Google Maps NBCNews.com - 15 minutes ago NATIONS TRYING TO STOP CITIZENS FROM AIDING ISIS New York Times - 7 minutes ago Weather for Modesto, California Today 99° 64° Sat 97° 68° Sun 95° 64° Mon 93° 64° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   RSL 1410575400 SEA KC 1410575400 CHV MLB   COL 0 3 Top 1st STL CIN 1 0 Top 2nd MIL BOS 1 0 Top 3rd KC ATL 1 0 Top 3rd TEX WAS 3 3 Top 5th NYM CLE 1 3 Bot 5th DET TB 1 0 Top 5th TOR MIA 0 0 Top 5th PHI CHC 2 3 Bot 5th PIT NYY 0 2 Bot 5th BAL NYY 1-2 Final BAL MIN - Final CHW SD 1410572400 ARI HOU 1410573900 LAA OAK 1410574200 SEA LAD 1410574500 SF live match MLB   MIN 2-8 Final CLE STL 0-1 Final CIN OAK 0-1 Final CHW MIN 0-2 Final CLE ARI 2-6 Final SF PIT 4-1 Final PHI TB 4-5 Final NYY WAS 6-2 Final NYM LAA 7-3 Final TEX BOS 6-3 Final KC MIA 2-4 Final MIL NFL   PIT 6-26 Final BAL Modesto, California » Modesto drill simulates bomb explosion at baseball game Merced Sun-Star - 4 hours ago Central Catholic-St. Mary\u0027s leads off exciting night of high school football Modesto Bee - 21 hours ago Modesto News: Don\u0027t fear the red light cameras Modesto Bee - 20 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks IT Salary Guide 2014 James Maguire How to Choose a Big Data Solution James Maguire Apple Dives into Phablets and Wearables with iPhone 6 and Apple Watch Pedro Hernandez Top Linux Myths Dispelled Matt Hartley Tech Comics: How to Use Wearables Oliver Widder Learn more Spotlight » Stephen Hawking: \u0027God particle\u0027 could destroy the universe Fox News - Sep 8, 2014 PewDiePie Is the Most Popular YouTube Star in the World. Why? Yahoo News - Sep 3, 2014 Who\u0027s behind the Chinese takeover of world\u0027s biggest pork producer? PBS NewsHour - 14 minutes ago Dogs Prefer Petting Way More Than You Thought Huffington Post - Sep 7, 2014 Southwest Flooding ABC News - Sep 8, 2014 Is the Cold War Back? National Geographic - 8 hours ago Automakers recall 14 million cars for exploding airbags PBS NewsHour - 28 minutes ago 10 Popular Things You Didn\u0027t Know \u0027The Simpsons\u0027 Totally Inspired Huffington Post - Sep 8, 2014 Obama expected to move forward in Syria with or without Congress\u0027 support PBS NewsHour - Sep 10, 2014 Cramer: Nobody noticed the elephant in this market? CNBC - Sep 5, 2014 Chipotle\u0027s wrong -- fast food isn\u0027t going away (not yet, at least) Yahoo Finance (blog) - Sep 8, 2014 Men Say Women \u0027Not As Hot\u0027 After Age 21 Discovery News - 4 hours ago Most popular Palin family brawl under investigation by Anchorage police Chicago Tribune - 39 minutes ago Notorious High School Shooter TJ Lane in Custody After Prison Escape ABC News - 17 minutes ago Vikings\u0027 Adrian Peterson accused of child abuse Philly.com - 8 minutes ago Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record orders Times of India - 27 minutes ago Oscar Pistorius \u0027a free man for now\u0027 BBC News - 13 minutes ago US Rep Sanford calls off engagement to \u0027soul mate\u0027 Chron.com - 16 minutes ago Doctor Who Worked on Rivers Steps Down From Post at Medical Clinic New York Times - 32 minutes ago Charges in dead babies case; neighbors soul-search Washington Post - 11 minutes ago Earth Bombarded By Twin Solar Flares Forbes - 58 minutes ago Congress Likely to Debate Obama War Plan Against Islamic State Group Wall Street Journal - 23 minutes agoCNNSee realtime coverage Mark Sanford breaks up with fiance, blames ex-wife MiamiHerald.com  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON -- Rep. Mark Sanford, R-S.C., announced Friday that he broke off his engagement to Argentine fiancee Maria Belen Chapur, saying on Facebook that he was forced to end the relationship because his ex-wife had filed a new legal complaint ... Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken upCNN Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ...New York Daily News Opinion:Mark Sanfords Epic Facebook OvershareDaily Beast See all 93 sources » Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Yahoo News2 hours ago  -  Google+ The former South Carolina governor who resigned after disappearing for a romantic getaway with his Argentinian girlfriend has announced that he and his fiancee are calling off their engagement in a 2,…346-word Facebook post, writing that \"no relationship can stand forever this tension.\" Read more: http://yhoo.it/X9fzYT Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement to Argentinian Fianc?e ABC News ABC News US Rep Sanford Calls off Engagement to \u0027Soul Mate\u0027 New York Daily News New York Daily News Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ... Wall Street Journal (blog) Wall Street Journal (blog) Mark Sanford Breaks Off Engagement With Argentine Fiancée Daily Beast Daily Beast Mark Sanford Ends Engagement Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Mark Sanford breaks up with fiancee, blames ex-wife WYFF Greenville WYFF Greenville Full text of u.s. Rep. Sanford\u0027s Facebook post WLTX.com WLTX.com Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement CNN CNN Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken up The State The State Sanford Letter: \u0027You sign my paycheck ... I think I owe you my thinking\u0027 The State The State Rep. Mark Sanford blames divorce battle for ending his engagement Mic Mic Mark Sanford Just Posted the Most Bizarre Message on His Facebook Page The Wire The Wire Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook The Hill (blog) The Hill (blog) Sanford on Facebook: the wedding\u0027s off! Daily Mail Daily Mail Mark Sanford reveals he\u0027s called off engagement to Argentinian \u0027soulmate ... Raw Story Raw Story South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford calls off engagement in bizarre Facebook post Techsonia Techsonia Mark Sanford Announces Split to Argentinian Fiancé Over Facebook USA TODAY USA TODAY \u0027Agony of divorce\u0027: Rep. Sanford talks broken engagement on Facebook MSNBC MSNBC Mark Sanford breaks off engagement in rambling Facebook post Daily Caller Daily Caller Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Wedding Engagement To Argentinian HottyMiamiHerald.com  - ?1 hour ago?NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement to Argentinian Fianc?e ABC News ABC News US Rep Sanford Calls off Engagement to \u0027Soul Mate\u0027 New York Daily News New York Daily News Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ... Wall Street Journal (blog) Wall Street Journal (blog) Mark Sanford Breaks Off Engagement With Argentine Fiancée Daily Beast Daily Beast Mark Sanford Ends Engagement Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Mark Sanford breaks up with fiancee, blames ex-wife WYFF Greenville WYFF Greenville Full text of u.s. Rep. Sanford\u0027s Facebook post WLTX.com WLTX.com Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement CNN CNN Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken up The State The State Sanford Letter: \u0027You sign my paycheck ... I think I owe you my thinking\u0027 The State The State Rep. Mark Sanford blames divorce battle for ending his engagement Mic Mic Mark Sanford Just Posted the Most Bizarre Message on His Facebook Page The Wire The Wire Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook The Hill (blog) The Hill (blog) Sanford on Facebook: the wedding\u0027s off! Daily Mail Daily Mail Mark Sanford reveals he\u0027s called off engagement to Argentinian \u0027soulmate ... Raw Story Raw Story South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford calls off engagement in bizarre Facebook post Techsonia Techsonia Mark Sanford Announces Split to Argentinian Fiancé Over Facebook USA TODAY USA TODAY \u0027Agony of divorce\u0027: Rep. Sanford talks broken engagement on Facebook MSNBC MSNBC Mark Sanford breaks off engagement in rambling Facebook post Daily Caller Daily Caller Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Wedding Engagement To Argentinian HottyNBCNews.com NBCNews.com Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement to Argentinian Fianc?e ABC News ABC News US Rep Sanford Calls off Engagement to \u0027Soul Mate\u0027 New York Daily News New York Daily News Mark Sanford calls off engagement, says he was forced to choose between ... Wall Street Journal (blog) Wall Street Journal (blog) Mark Sanford Breaks Off Engagement With Argentine Fiancée Daily Beast Daily Beast Mark Sanford Ends Engagement Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Mark Sanford breaks up with fiancee, blames ex-wife WYFF Greenville WYFF Greenville Full text of u.s. Rep. Sanford\u0027s Facebook post WLTX.com WLTX.com Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Engagement CNN CNN Mark Sanford says he and fiancée have broken up The State The State Sanford Letter: \u0027You sign my paycheck ... I think I owe you my thinking\u0027 The State The State Rep. Mark Sanford blames divorce battle for ending his engagement Mic Mic Mark Sanford Just Posted the Most Bizarre Message on His Facebook Page The Wire The Wire Grownup Congressman Mark Sanford Announces Breakup on Facebook The Hill (blog) The Hill (blog) Sanford on Facebook: the wedding\u0027s off! Daily Mail Daily Mail Mark Sanford reveals he\u0027s called off engagement to Argentinian \u0027soulmate ... Raw Story Raw Story South Carolina Rep. Mark Sanford calls off engagement in bizarre Facebook post Techsonia Techsonia Mark Sanford Announces Split to Argentinian Fiancé Over Facebook USA TODAY USA TODAY \u0027Agony of divorce\u0027: Rep. Sanford talks broken engagement on Facebook MSNBC MSNBC Mark Sanford breaks off engagement in rambling Facebook post Daily Caller Daily Caller Rep. Mark Sanford Calls Off Wedding Engagement To Argentinian HottyABC NewsSee realtime coverage Notorious High School Shooter TJ Lane in Custody After Prison Escape ABC News  - ?17 minutes ago? T.J. Lane, who was serving three life sentences for a notorious high school shooting spree, escaped from an Ohio prison but was later taken back into custody, authorities said. Related Chardon High School shooting » Ohio » Prison escape » Mom of shooting victim recounts fear at killer\u0027s escapeCBS News Escaped School Shooter TJ Lane Had \u0027Highest Level of Security\u0027wgowam Trending on Google+:Chardon High School shooter T.J. Lane has been captured after escape from ...NewsNet5.com Opinion:Union: Jail Knew TJ Lane Planned EscapeDaily Beast In Depth:Investigations underway in escape of Ohio prison inmates including convicted ...Minneapolis Star Tribune Wikipedia:Chardon High School shooting See all 1,251 sources » Related Chardon High School shooting » Ohio » Prison escape »ABC News  - ?17 minutes ago?Times LIVESee realtime coverage Pistorius released on bail after verdict of culpable homicide Irish Times  - ?46 minutes ago? Oscar Pistorius leaves North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria, South Africa, yesterday. Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images. Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » Oscar Pistorius verdict: Steenkamp family protestBBC News Oscar Pistorius verdict shocks Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s familyThe Australian From South Africa:South Africa: Pistorius Guilty of Culpable HomicideAllAfrica.com Wikipedia:Trial of Oscar Pistorius See all 5,347 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Murder » Reeva Steenkamp » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s parents \u0027shocked\u0027 at Pistorius verdict - Johannesburg AFP - The parents of Reeva Steenkamp, who was shot and killed by Oscar Pistorius, reacted on Friday with shock and d…isbelief at a judges decision to acquit the star athlete of murder charges.We were shocked. Shocked. Disappointed, June Steenkamp told British ITV News. You know your heart drops because you just want the truth, she said.Judge Thokozile Masipa found ... Reeva Steenkamp\u0027s parents \u0027shocked\u0027 at Pistorius verdictIrish Times  - ?46 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage NFL\u0027s Adrian Peterson charged with child abuse, will miss Sunday\u0027s game Reuters  - ?28 minutes ago? (Reuters) - Police were seeking on Friday to arrest Minnesota Vikings star running back Adrian Peterson on a charge of injury to a child, a Texas sheriff\u0027s office said, while Peterson\u0027s attorney said the incident resulted from him \"using a switch to spank his son. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Vikings\u0027 Peterson indicted for negligent injury of child, won\u0027t play SundayUSA TODAY Vikings\u0027 Adrian Peterson indicted on injury to child charge in Montgomery CountyKPRC Houston Featured:Warrant issued for arrest of Vikings\u0027 PetersonMinneapolis Star Tribune Highly Cited:EXCLUSIVE Details On Adrian Peterson Indictment ChargesCBS Local Opinion:Warrant Issued For Adrian Peterson\u0027s Arrest In Child Injury CaseDeadspin In Depth:Adrian Peterson indicted on child abuse charges; deactivated for gameLos Angeles Times See all 522 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » Dori Longino42 minutes ago  -  Google+ + Minnesota Vikings Adrian #Peterson Out vs. Patriots After Indictment for Negligent Injury to Child Adrian Peterson has been deactivated heading into the Minnesota #Vikings\u0027 Week 2 matchup with the New England Patriots. The Vi…kings star was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child, per Mark Berman of Fox 26 in Houston: ESPN\u0027s Adam Schefter announced the move by Minnesota: According to NFL.com\u0027s Ian Rapoport, authorities in Montgomery County... Team Stream by Bleacher ReportReuters  - ?28 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Doctor Who Worked on Rivers Steps Down From Post at Medical Clinic New York Times  - ?32 minutes ago? The doctor who performed an endoscopy on Joan Rivers before she went into cardiac arrest has stepped down as medical director of the Manhattan clinic where she was treated and he is no longer doing procedures there, the clinic announced on Friday. Related Joan Rivers » Clinic » Joan Rivers\u0027 doctor steps downStuff.co.nz Joan Rivers\u0027 Doctor Steps Down in Wake of Star\u0027s Deathseattlepi.com Highly Cited:Joan Rivers Doctor Out at Clinic After Her DeathTheWrap Trending on Google+:Joan Rivers -- Doctor Who Performed Throat Procedure FiredTMZ.com Opinion:The Doctor Who Operated On Joan Rivers Has Stepped DownMTV.com In Depth:One doctor is out at Manhattan clinic that treated Joan RiversLos Angeles Times See all 211 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Clinic » Eyewitness News ABC7NY8 hours ago  -  Google+ JOAN RIVERS: The medical director of the clinic, Yorkville Endoscopy, where Joan Rivers went into cardiac arrest has stepped down. FULL STORY: http://7ny.tv/1uLyPa6New York Times  - ?32 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage NFL players vote to approve new drug policy USA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago? The NFL Players Association\u0027s board of representatives unanimously approved a term sheet on a new comprehensive drug policy Friday night. Related National Football League » Wes Welker » NFL to implement HGH testing, increase threshold for positive marijuana tests in ...New York Daily News NFLPA agrees to new drug policy, suspensions reducedKansas City Star In Depth:NFL players ratify HGH testing, other changes to sport\u0027s drug policiesWashington Post See all 228 sources » Related National Football League » Wes Welker » Dori Longino9 hours ago  -  Google+ With the #NFL and the union trying to hammer out an agreement on a new drug-testing policy, and with players reportedly set to think about voting on it on Friday, we\u0027ve wondered what will happen to th…e suspensions that players like #Browns receiver Josh #Gordon and + Denver Broncos wideout Wes #Welker currently are serving. There\u0027s been talk that Welker\u0027s suspension would be overturned completely, and now ESPN\u0027s Adam Schefter is reporting that Gordon\u0027s year-lon...USA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago?Toronto StarSee realtime coverage Rob Ford withdraws from mayor\u0027s race, Doug files to take his place Toronto Star  - ?39 minutes ago? The Rob Ford era ended Friday as dramatically as it unfolded: Ford, the mayor whose scandals roiled city hall and captured global attention, withdrew from the race because of a tumour - and blessed the new candidacy of his brother and former campaign ... Related Rob Ford » Toronto » Rob Ford pulls out of mayoral race, Doug Ford steps inCBC.ca Rob Ford quits Toronto mayor\u0027s race with \u0027heavy heart\u0027Los Angeles Times Highly Cited:Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford withdraws from raceCNN In Depth:New and significant twist in long-running Ford sagaCP24 Toronto\u0027s Breaking News See all 908 sources » Related Rob Ford » Toronto » Michael Bennett1 hour ago  -  Google+ Toronto Free From Ford More Years... as Mayor Rob Ford has dropped out of Toronto\u0027s 2014 mayoral election, and is running instead as a city councillor.  I suspect Ford will win his council seat b…ack  With any luck Rob Ford does not have cancer, he was a horrible mayor, but I don\u0027t want to see him dead. #RobFord   #topoli   Rob Ford drops out of Toronto mayor’s race, Doug Ford to run in his stead |...Toronto Star  - ?39 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage The fight against ISIS: That which we call a \u0027war\u0027 ... CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington\u0027s impending military action against the jihadist group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, but others in the Obama administration aren\u0027t shying away from the word. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » NATIONS TRYING TO STOP CITIZENS FROM AIDING ISISNew York Times White House makes it official : US \"at war\" with ISChannel News Asia Opinion:The US plan leaves lingering doubtsThe Daily Star In Depth:White House declares America IS \u0027at war\u0027 with ISISDaily Mail See all 617 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria »CNN  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Kerry opposes Iran role in anti-Islamic State coalition Daily Mail  - ?23 minutes ago? ANKARA, Sept 12 (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday it would be \"inappropriate\" for Iran to join talks on confronting Islamic State militants, as he appeared to play down how fast countries can commit to force or other steps in an ... Related John Kerry » Turkey » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Turkish qualms highlight difficulty building US alliance against Islamic StateJerusalem Post UPDATE 3-Kerry opposes Iran role in anti-Islamic State coalitionReuters Africa From Turkey:Historic option ahead of TurkeyHurriyet Daily News Opinion:Kerry plays down hopes of imminent anti-Islamic State coalitionReuters UK Wikipedia:Timeline of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant events in 2014 See all 479 sources » Related John Kerry » Turkey » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria »Daily Mail  - ?23 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Scottish independence: \u0027Leak\u0027 row marks weekend\u0027s campaign BBC News  - ?14 minutes ago? Campaigners in the Scottish independence referendum are gearing up for a final weekend of activity. First Minister Alex Salmond will continue his helicopter tour of the country. Related Scotland » Scottish independence » Scottish vote up in the airMontreal Gazette Two friends with differing views on Scottish independence travel BritainIrish Examiner From United Kingdom:Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon tour ScotlandScotsman Opinion:Scottish independence: Whatever the result of next week\u0027s referendum, a looser ...The Independent In Depth:After Scotland\u0027s Vote, the Rocky Road AheadWall Street Journal Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 2,282 sources » Related Scotland » Scottish independence » RT9 hours ago  -  Google+ The BBC faces accusations of anti-independence bias after its political editor, Nick Robinson, produced a report that wrongly claimed Alex Salmond had ignored his question during a heated press confer…ence. BBC accused of anti-independence bias after editing out Salmond’s reply to...BBC News  - ?14 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Palins Said to Be Involved In Brawl at Party in Alaska New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? ANCHORAGE - It began as a birthday party that drew local snowmobile racers, construction workers and other longtime Alaskans last Saturday night. Related Sarah Palin » More details emerge in fight that witnesses say involved Palin familyAlaska Dispatch Sarah Palin and family involved in house party brawlExaminer.com Highly Cited:Palin family attended party, where fight broke outCNN Trending on Google+:Sarah Palin\u0027s Family Allegedly in Alaska House Party BrawlABC News See all 247 sources » Related Sarah Palin » Richard Wooding3 hours ago  -  Google+ The Palin family keeps it classy in Alaska Sarah Palin and her family were reportedly involved in a mass brawl at a snowmobile party (what on earth is a snowmobile party?) which had to be broke…n up by police. The former governor\u0027s son and daughter both threw punches while Mrs Palin herself shouted: \"Don\u0027t you know who I am?\" as the scene descended into chaos. Alcohol was believed to be a factor in the incident http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/sarah-palin/11091080/Sarah-Palin-and-family-caught-up-in-Alaska-mass-brawl.html Sarah Palin and family \u0027caught up in Alaska mass brawl\u0027New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?The Virginian-PilotSee realtime coverage Two F/A-18 Hornets crash in the Pacific Ocean The Virginian-Pilot  - ?1 hour ago? An F/A-18C Hornet from the Mighty Shrikes of Strike Fighter Squadron 94 launches from the flight deck of the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson on Aug. 30, 2014. Related United States Navy » F/A-18 Hornets » Search continues for missing pilot after collision over oceanCBS 8 San Diego Report: F/A-18 fighter jets collided near Navy aircraft carrierWashington Post From Guam:Search continues for missing FA-18 pilotPacific Daily News See all 377 sources » Related United States Navy » F/A-18 Hornets »The Virginian-Pilot  - ?1 hour ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage HSBC pays $550M over risky mortgage bonds USA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago? WASHINGTON - Big British bank HSBC has agreed to pay $550 million to resolve U.S. claims that it misled U.S. mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac about risky mortgage securities it sold them before the housing market collapsed in 2007. Related HSBC » Mortgage loans » HSBC settles mortgage case for $550 millionFortune HSBC to Pay $550 Million to End Mortgage-Related SuitNew York Times In Depth:Industry, consumer groups tell Fannie, Freddie regulator not to raise mortgage feesMarketWatch (blog) See all 70 sources » Related HSBC » Mortgage loans »USA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago?MarketWatchSee realtime coverage Olive Garden chefs urged to salt the pasta water MarketWatch  - ?2 hours ago? NEW YORK (MarketWatch) - There\u0027s something to be said about a company that manages close to $2 billion in quarterly revenue selling breadsticks and fatty pasta dishes. Related Olive Garden » Darden Restaurants » Is Olive Garden serving you too many breadsticks?Arizona Daily Star Darden earnings top estimatesInvestor\u0027s Business Daily Opinion:Hedge Fund Manager Publishes Dizzying 294-Slide Presentation Exposing How ...Business Insider In Depth:Olive Garden investor: Back off on the breadsticksSFGate See all 367 sources » Related Olive Garden » Darden Restaurants »MarketWatch  - ?2 hours ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Federal Reserve Creates Financial Stability Committee Wall Street Journal  - ?47 minutes ago? The Federal Reserve is elevating its post-crisis efforts to monitor potential threats to financial stability, creating a high-level committee led by the central bank\u0027s No. Related Federal Reserve System » Finances » US Federal Reserve taps Stanley Fischer to lead new financial stability committeeEconomic Times Fed Creates Stability PanelInvestor\u0027s Business Daily In Depth:UPDATE 2-With eye on market stability, Fischer carves out Fed roleReuters See all 33 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Finances »Wall Street Journal  - ?47 minutes ago?Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage UPDATE 2-Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record orders Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? (Adds iPhone global demand, paragraphs 12-15). By Soham Chatterjee and Sam N. Adams. Sept 12 (Reuters) - Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc\u0027s iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company\u0027s ... Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders set overnight recordTrustedReviews How to Get an iPhone 6 From the Big 4 Wireless CarrierseWeek Highly Cited:Larger iPhone 6 Plus Sells Out, “Record Number” of iPhone Pre-ordersRe/code Trending on Google+:iPhone 6 presales begin -- with US Apple Store caught nappingCNET Opinion:After high demand, iPhone 6 Plus ship times slip to OctoberArs Technica In Depth:Apple\u0027s Huge New iPhone Is Already BackorderedHuffington Post See all 895 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » MacRumors12 hours ago  -  Google+ Approximately four hours after Apple began taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Store shipping estimates for new orders of the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus have now slipped beyond the…ir original September 19 delivery date in the United States. The larger 5.5-inch model now shows... Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 Plus Pre-Order Shipping Estimates Slip to 3-4 WeeksReuters  - ?2 hours ago?Tampabay.comSee realtime coverage End of an era: Apple stops sales of the iPod Classic Tampabay.com  - ?3 hours ago? It came in with a simple promise, a hefty price tag and a man with something white sticking in his ears bopping around his apartment. Related iPod classic » Apple Inc. » iPod » iPod Classic Sales Halt by Apple Halts Bring an End to an EraCapital OTC Apple Pulls iPod Classic From Website, Says Goodbye to Fan-FavoriteHeadlines \u0026 Global News Trending on Google+:On Death and iPods: A RequiemWired In Depth:The iPod Classic: Thanks and goodbyeZDNet See all 20 sources » Related iPod classic » Apple Inc. » iPod » Times of India Technology7 hours ago  -  Google+ While everyone talks about the new #iPhones and #AppleWatch, no one seems to have noticed that Apple killed off this gadget http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/more-gadgets/Apple-quietly-kills-off-iconic-iPod-Classic/articleshow/42362642.cmsTampabay.com  - ?3 hours ago?NPRSee realtime coverage Tim Cook: TV Is Stuck Back in the 1970s Mashable  - ?1 hour ago? Just days after Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phablet and revealed the Apple Watch, the company\u0027s first new product category entry in years, he\u0027s back on TV talking about Apple\u0027s continuing interest in yet another key consumer ... Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » Apple working on products no one has guessed at, says Tim CookTelegraph.co.uk The Next Great Gold Rush: Apps and Accessories for the Apple WatchBlack Press USA Opinion:How Steve Jobs Convinced Tim Cook To Work For AppleBusiness Insider In Depth:Apple Watch Features: 10 Really Useful Apps Worth Waiting ForInternational Business Times See all 10,494 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPhone » SlashGear2 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple TV is a pretty neat concept, and like others in its category, does its job well. Until recently, Apple has left Apple TV as a back-burner technology, which could have to do with the fact they we…re hard at work on a new iPhone and Apple Watch.… Tim Cook teases possible Apple TV improvementsMashable  - ?1 hour ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Can the Apple Watch take off as a fashion accessory? CNN  - ?4 hours ago? (CNN) -- Ariel Adams loves watches. He owns more than a hundred of them, sometimes changing into a different watch multiple times a day. Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Can the Apple Watch Woo Traditional Watch Fans?New York Times Even before the Apple Watch, timepieces were having a momentNational Post In Depth:Watch those wrists: Apple move may spur salesUSA TODAY See all 295 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Eli Fennell4 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple Watch Impressions + Marques Brownlee  is one of those voices in tech reviews that I listen to, so of course I was curious about his initial impressions of the Apple Watch.  By his own admission he hasn\u0027…t used it yet, so this is more of a reflection on how Apple itself presents their vision of the smartwatch than a hands-on review. His conclusion?  It doesn\u0027t look all that great, in terms of the software and how the user interacts with it, thou...CNN  - ?4 hours ago?seattlepi.comSee realtime coverage Chris Brown: You Were Brave To Speak Out About Ray Rice Hollywood Life  - ?49 minutes ago? Chris, no one expected you to get anywhere near the Ray Rice issue, with your own history of domestic abuse with Rihanna. That\u0027s why it was courageous of you to talk openly about your experience and give Ray advice. Related Chris Brown » Ray Rice » Chris Brown: \u0027I see a therapist twice a week for anger management\u0027SFGate (blog) ?Chris Brown Gives Advice To Ray Rice… About Learning To Control His Anger!PerezHilton.com Highly Cited:Chris Brown\u0027s Advice For Ray Rice: It\u0027s How You Control Your AngerMTV.com In Depth:Chris Brown to Ray Rice: \u0027I\u0027ve Been Down That Road\u0027RollingStone.com Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 86 sources » Related Chris Brown » Ray Rice » Jonathan Langdale6 hours ago  -  Google+ Ironically, Chris Brown\u0027s response on Ray Rice is the most productive/intelligent of all media references to subject. . Chris Brown -- Advises Ray Rice ... Control Yourself and Don\u0027t F-Up | TMZ.comHollywood Life  - ?49 minutes ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Big Sean Slams \"Crazy Bitch\" in New Single: Is He Dissing Naya Rivera?! E! Online  - ?2 hours ago? Well, if this song is about Naya Rivera, then it\u0027s safe to say Big Sean isn\u0027t holding back. Following the announcement that the 26-year-old hip hop star has signed with Roc Nation, although he will also continue to work with Kanye West\u0027s G.O. Related Big Sean » Roc Nation » [Listen] Big Sean Releases Angry Break-Up Song, \"I Don\u0027t F*ck With You\"Madame Noire Big Sean \u0027Dodged Bullet From Crazy Bitch\u0027 Naya Rivera In New Song?Popdust Opinion:Big Sean Says \u0027I Was With My Ex\u0027 When He Wrote \u0027I Don\u0027t F--k With You\u0027MTV.com See all 42 sources » Related Big Sean » Roc Nation »E! Online  - ?2 hours ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027No Good Deed\u0027: movie review New York Daily News  - ?2 hours ago? “No Good Deed” is an example of the worst kind of exploitative thriller - and it\u0027s being released during the worst possible week. Related No Good Deed » Taraji P. Henson » \u0027No Good Deed\u0027 review: Idris Elba\u0027s talents wasted in plodding thrillerNewsday Review: \u0027No Good Deed\u0027 1/2Chicago Tribune In Depth:\u0027No Good Deed\u0027 movie review: A violent film hits theaters at the worst timeWashington Post See all 117 sources » Related No Good Deed » Taraji P. Henson »New York Daily News  - ?2 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Clooney marriage rumor draws crowds - but not Clooney Reuters  - ?5 hours ago? LONDON (Reuters) - Tabloid reports that George Clooney and his fiance Amal Alamuddin would perform their civil marriage ceremony at a London town hall drew small crowds on Friday, but no sign of the happy couple. Related George Clooney » Crowd Gathers for George Clooney\u0027s Civil Ceremony but Cheers Another ...People Magazine George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Not Getting Married in London Today ...E! Online See all 206 sources » Related George Clooney »Reuters  - ?5 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Nightengale: Chris Davis\u0027 biggest offense is stupidity USA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago? You couldn\u0027t help but feel sorry for Baltimore Orioles slugger Chris Davis last year. He had the mother of all breakout seasons, hitting a major-league leading 53 home runs, and all of the while, fending off the insinuation and constant questions that he must be ... Related Baltimore Orioles » Chris Davis » Major League Baseball » Orioles Lose Davis, But Does It Really Matter?Wall Street Journal Baseball notes: Orioles\u0027 Chris Davis suspended 25 gamesLos Angeles Times In Depth:What you need to know about Chris Davis\u0027 suspensionBaltimore Sun Wikipedia:Chris Davis See all 266 sources » Related Baltimore Orioles » Chris Davis » Major League Baseball » Circa7 hours ago  -  Google+ Baltimore Orioles first baseman Chris Davis was suspended by MLB on Sept. 12 for 25 games after testing positive for amphetamines. The suspension begins immediately and includes the postseason. The pu…nishment for amphetamine use is separate from baseball\u0027s performance-enhancing drug (PED) policy. MLB slugger Chris Davis suspended 25 games for positive drug testUSA TODAY  - ?25 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage The most embarrassing week in NFL history SI.com  - ?25 minutes ago? This week is likely one the National Football League and commissioner Roger Goodell would like to forget. Ray Rice. On Monday, video surfaced of Ray Rice striking his then-fiancée, now wife, Janay Palmer in an Atlantic City casino on Feb. 15. Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » Did Ray Rice get off too easily with anger management counseling?CBS News Commish Condi? Drumbeat grows for former Secretary Rice to heal reeling NFL.Christian Science Monitor Opinion:How to tackle society\u0027s problem of domestic abuseChicago Sun-Times In Depth:Football\u0027s uncivilized: beyond the Rice eye-openerNew York Post Wikipedia:Ray Rice See all 11,490 sources » Related Ray Rice » National Football League » Baltimore Ravens » The Diane Rehm Show7 hours ago  -  Google+ What exactly NFL Commissioner Ray Goodell knew about the domestic abuse incident between Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice and his then-fiancee, and when he knew it, could impact not only league rules,… but also how the organization is funded and who serves as its leader. Could Condoleezza Rice take Goddell\u0027s place? Could Congress cut off the NFL\u0027s non-profit status? Our panel discussed the issues during our Sept. 12 news roundup. For the...SI.com  - ?25 minutes ago?CBS LocalSee realtime coverage New Bones Discovery Unearths Spinosaurus— Bigger Than T.Rex, Known To ... CBS Local  - ?2 hours ago? A model of the Cretaceous predator Spinosaurus gets rock star treatment at a photo shoot. Related Tags: Bones, Dinosaur, Discovery, Ernst Freiherr Stromer von Reichenbach, Fossils, Germany, Morocco, National Geographic Society, Nizar Ibrahim, ... Related Dinosaurs » Humongous dinosaur was \u0027half duck, half crocodile\u0027Christian Science Monitor First Swimming Dinosaur DiscoveredForbes Trending on Google+:Spinosaurus fossil: \u0027Giant swimming dinosaur\u0027 unearthedBBC News In Depth:Bizarre dinosaur with jaws like a crocodile, feet like a duck unveiledCBS News See all 468 sources » Related Dinosaurs » Rich Pollett6 hours ago  -  Google+ Spinosaurus aegyptiacus: Semiaquatic adaptations in a giant predatory dinosaur An unusual fossil whose parts were flung across two continents appears to be the first known semi-aquatic dinosaur, acc…ording to a report published Thursday by the journal Science. The differences between this Spinosaurus and other theropods are apparent from head to toe. Most theropods, like T. rex, ran on two powerful legs and had small, spindly arms. By contrast, ...CBS Local  - ?2 hours ago?Headlines \u0026 Global NewsSee realtime coverage Scientists Capture The Sound Of A Single Atom, And Apparently It\u0027s A \u0027D-Note\u0027 Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago? That\u0027s according to scientists at Chalmers University of Technology in Göteborg, Sweden, who have revealed in a new study that they\u0027ve captured the sound of a single atom. Related Quantum mechanics » Atoms \u0027Sing\u0027 A D Note, Researchers Listen For The First TimeHeadlines \u0026 Global News Swedish Scientists Capture The Sound Of Atom For The First Time EverValueWalk Highly Cited:The sound of atoms: Scientists communicate with matter at its smallest scalesTech Times Opinion:Scientists Have Recorded the Sound of a Single AtomGizmodo In Depth:Scientists capture the sound of an atomFinancial Express See all 50 sources » Related Quantum mechanics » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Researchers capture sound from atoms, opening new doors to quantum research http://b4in.org/h8ZX On the right, an artificial atom generates sound waves consisting of ripples on the surface of a solid. The sound, known a…s a surface acoustic wave (SAW) is picked up on the left by a “microphone” composed of interlaced metal fingers. According to theory, the sound consists of a stream of quantum particles, the weakest whisper physically possible. The illustration is ...Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago?Scientific AmericanSee realtime coverage Solar Storms Are Bombarding Earth Now, Amped-up Auroras Possible Scientific American  - ?22 minutes ago? A massive solar eruption, called a coronal mass ejection, can be seen blasting out from the sun\u0027s surface after powerful X1.6-class solar flare on September 10, 2014. Related Sun » Earth Bombarded By Twin Solar FlaresForbes Sleepy spotless summer Sun\u0027s shock solar storm surge stuns scientistsRegister In Depth:Solar storm\u0027s impacts to spacecraft should be limitedSpaceflight Now See all 620 sources » Related Sun » RT America27 minutes ago  -  Google+ Another extreme solar storm has struck Earth after two solar flares took place on an Earth-facing part of the sun. The two powerful blasts from the sun took place Wednesday, with the first storm hitti…ng late Thursday. ?Anticipate auroras: Second solar storm sweeps Earth after ‘extreme’ sun flareScientific American  - ?22 minutes ago?CBC.caSee realtime coverage Ebola surging beyond control, WHO\u0027s Margaret Chan warns CBC.ca  - ?1 hour ago? Ebola virus cases in West Africa are rising faster than the ability to contain them, the World Health Organization says, as experts warn that the exponential rise could become a worldwide disaster. Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ebola toll hits 2400, Cuba pledges medics9news.com.au Pentagon May Expand Its Involvement in Ebola OutbreakWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Chilling Photos From the Front Lines of the Ebola OutbreakWired Opinion:How not to handle EbolaCNN In Depth:\u0027It doesn\u0027t make sense\u0027: Concerns over enlisting DOD in Ebola responseFox News See all 971 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak »CBC.ca  - ?1 hour ago?FanSidedSee realtime coverage 3 in 10 former NFL players to develop brain problems according to data FanSided  - ?1 hour ago? According to a data report, three in 10 former NFL players are expected to develop neurocognitive problems in their lifetime and receive payments under the proposed $765 million concussion settlement. Related National Football League » Alzheimer\u0027s disease » NFL players have 30 percent chance of developing Alzheimer\u0027s or dementiaUPI.com Key findings in reports on NFL concussion dealWashington Post In Depth:NFL: 3 in 10 ex-players face Alzheimer\u0027s, dementiaWashington Times See all 110 sources » Related National Football League » Alzheimer\u0027s disease » RT6 hours ago  -  Google+ Scientists have learned to “reset” human stem cells to their earliest state. This breakthrough gives hope for millions of people suffering from incurable conditions, like Parkinson’s Disease, as scien…tists hope their success would lead to cures. Second life: Scientists ‘reset’ human stem cells to ‘blank state’FanSided  - ?1 hour ago?Today 99° 64° Sat 97° 68° Sun 95° 64° Mon 93° 64°Today YesterdayMLS  RSL 1410575400 SEAKC 1410575400 CHVMLB  COL 0 3 Top 1st STLCIN 1 0 Top 2nd MILBOS 1 0 Top 3rd KCATL 1 0 Top 3rd TEXWAS 3 3 Top 5th NYMCLE 1 3 Bot 5th DETTB 1 0 Top 5th TORMIA 0 0 Top 5th PHICHC 2 3 Bot 5th PITNYY 0 2 Bot 5th BALNYY 1-2 Final BALMIN - Final CHWSD 1410572400 ARIHOU 1410573900 LAAOAK 1410574200 SEALAD 1410574500 SFMLB  MIN 2-8 Final CLESTL 0-1 Final CINOAK 0-1 Final CHWMIN 0-2 Final CLEARI 2-6 Final SFPIT 4-1 Final PHITB 4-5 Final NYYWAS 6-2 Final NYMLAA 7-3 Final TEXBOS 6-3 Final KCMIA 2-4 Final MILNFL  PIT 6-26 Final BAL -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":10,"second":20},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
