{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentComedian Robin Williams Found Dead at 63Family of Missouri Teen Michael Brown Calls for Calm and JusticeUS Finds Bond Fraud in KansasMLB  MLS  MLB  New York »To Binge at the FringeNew York police officer to attend wedding of baby he saved 20 years agoUS regulators approve Canada-NYC power lineEditors\u0027 PicksRobin Williams Dead in Apparent SuicideRatings: Outlander Premiere Numbers Are Nae BadEmma Stone in Talks to Make Broadway DebutRatings: The Knick Is Off to a Solid StartSee the Adorable New Kids From Downton AbbeySpotlight »The Liquid BiopsyHit the Reset Button in Your BrainTurkey to select new prime minister at end of AugustUS and Indian Spacecraft Rapidly Approach MarsBeyond Iraq, what\u0027s next for the Islamic State?Swimming Against the Rising Tide\u0027True Blood\u0027 postmortem: Inside the twists of \u0027Almost Home\u0027Here\u0027s The Difference Between Working At Facebook, Google, And Microsoft ...The One Question That Can Identify A NarcissistDon\u0027t Let Your Children Grow Up to Be FarmersHurricane Julio: Hawaii Spared a Second Storm (FORECAST)Don\u0027t get credit cards from these 5 storesMost popularSheriff: No Criminal Charges Yet in Kevin Ward Racing DeathA Look at Town Where Police Shot Unarmed TeenagerActor Robin Williams Is Dead at 63Jets ready for combat against Islamic State jihadistsObama says Iraq took promising step with new PM-designateLeaders OK plan for Russia aid delivery to eastern UkraineBishop doesn\u0027t expect Aust troops in IraqGeorge RR Martin in quotes: \u0027I love writing about bastards\u0027Colorado woman accused of aiding Islamist rebels reaches plea dealIntel says Broadwell chips to be in devices by holidays","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesObama Praises Selection of Iraqi PM DesignateRobin Williams has died at 63Dirt-track racer hit by Tony Stewart died of \u0027massive blunt trauma\u0027Dad of Slain Unarmed Missouri Teen Michael Brown: \u0027We Need Justice for Our ...School system CIOs are sold on ChromebooksStocks End Higher on Easing Geopolitical TensionsWorld »Russia sending aid convoy to Ukraine despite Western warnings of \u0027invasion ...US sending weapons directly to Kurdish forces, officials sayLIVE UPDATES: Cease-fire close as Israel relaxes positionsCanadian leading Gaza war-crimes probe rejects anti-Israel chargesNATO chief says will have to decide on Afghan pullout soonU.S. »Stockton bank robbery hostage killed by police gunfire, officials sayRauner leads in Sun-Times poll, Quinn calls for debate confirmationDenver woman in terrorism case plans to plead guiltyFlorida Legislature OKs new voting map for Congress; judge ruled current ...Business »Acquisition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. by Kinder Morgan, Inc. May Not Be ...Market Basket Independent Board Members: All it Takes is \u0027Yes\u0027 to Get People ...Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Warns on BitcoinsTop 10 New York Stock Exchange-traded stocks posting largest volume increasesUS Finds Bond Fraud in KansasTechnology »Apple University trains employees to emulate Steve Jobs, boost skill setsIntel, Moore\u0027s Law Still Ticking With 14nm Broadwell ChipsEntertainment »She Can Sing, She Can Dance! Meet Broadway\u0027s Next Sally Bowles - Emma ...Tracy Morgan Is \"Still Struggling\" Two months After Car Crash, Attorney Confirms\u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 first teaser trailer released\u0027Sons of Guns\u0027 star Will Hayden accused of child molestationKim Kardashian and Kanye West Share a Kiss in an Elevator—See the PDA ...Sports »OU suspends LB Shannon for 1 yearFormer No. 1 pick Oden formally charged with batteryScience »Stargazers treated to \u0027supermoon\u0027Toxic algae bloom bigger than Rhode Island headed to FloridaHealth »Heart Med Digoxin Tied to Higher Death Risk in Some\u0027Ebola vaccine could be rushed through for 2015\u0027Nurse Is Nigeria\u0027s 10th Case of EbolaRecentNew York »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 11 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 11 2013 2014 2015JUL AUG SEP112013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Obama Praises Selection of Iraqi PM Designate Voice of America  - ?35 minutes ago? U.S. President Barack Obama praised Monday\u0027s selection of Iraqi lawmaker Haider al-Abadi as the next prime minister, calling it \"a promising step in this critical effort\" to build an inclusive new government and to battle insurgents of the Islamic State that ... Related Nouri al-Maliki » Iraq » Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in IraqABC News Obama welcomes new Iraqi leaders as \u0027step forward\u0027Chron.com Highly Cited:US Welcomes Important Step in Iraq\u0027s Government Formation ProcessUS Department of State (press release) Opinion:Al-Maliki must go, and he must go nowThe Globe and Mail In Depth:Barack Obama endorses new Iraqi PM, calls for new governmentThe Australian See all 1,151 sources » Related Nouri al-Maliki » Iraq » The Times of India3 hours ago  -  Google+ Iraq\u0027s new president snubbed powerful incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and nominated the deputy parliament speaker to form the new government http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Iraq-president-names-deputy-speaker-new-PM/articleshow/40067709.cms CNN CNNIraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM Iraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM - CNN CNN CNNAmid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad Amid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad - CNN euronews euronewsIraq\u0026#39;s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad Iraq\u0027s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad - euronews Fox News Fox News Political crisis deepens as Iraqi president names new prime minister NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Hails \u0027Promising Step Forward\u0027 for Iraqi Government Stars and Stripes Stars and Stripes Iraq crisis deepens; US directly arms Kurds NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Al-Maliki\u0027s Special Forces Deploy in Baghdad: Reuters Sources NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Prime Minister al-Maliki to File Complaint Against President Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Nouri al-Maliki has lost his job, but it doesn\u0027t really matter WTAE Pittsburgh WTAE Pittsburgh Iraqi troops surge into Baghdad\u0027s Green Zone KCCI Des Moines KCCI Des Moines Iraqi president nominates new prime minister Fox News Fox News Kerry urges Iraqis to remain calm amid political crisis, backs president over PM New York Times New York Times Kerry Issues Warning to Iraqi Leader Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Iraq\u0027s new PM Abadi calls for unity Sky News Australia Sky News Australia Maliki spurned in government formation Business Insider Business Insider The 10 Most Important Things In The World Right Now Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Maliki denounces Iraqi president, deploys troops around Baghdad (+video) NPR (blog) NPR (blog) The Man Who Might Be Iraq\u0027s Next Prime Minister Times of Oman Times of Oman Maliki defiant as Abadi nominated for Iraq PM ABC News ABC News Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in Iraq USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Robin Williams has died at 63 USA TODAY  - ?15 minutes ago? The Marin County Sheriff\u0027s Office is investigating the death of actor/comedian Robin Williams in Tiburon, Calif., north of San Francisco. Related Robin Williams » Death » Comedian Robin Williams dead, sheriff saysCNN Actor Robin Williams Is Dead at 63ABC News Trending on Google+:Robin Williams Dead: Beloved Actor Dies In Apparent SuicideHuffington Post See all 116 sources » Related Robin Williams » Death » Dori Longino21 minutes ago  -  Google+ Robin Williams dead of apparent suicide! Oscar winner was 63 BREAKINGAug 11, 2014 7:00 PM ET CBC News Robin Williams was found dead of an apparent suicide, the Marin County, Calif., Sheriff\u0027s Dep…artment said Monday. More to come CNNSee realtime coverage Dirt-track racer hit by Tony Stewart died of \u0027massive blunt trauma\u0027 CNN  - ?45 minutes ago? (CNN) -- Kevin Ward Jr., a New York sprint car driver who was killed Saturday night after an on-track incident with NASCAR driver Tony Stewart, died of \"massive blunt trauma,\" authorities said Monday. Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Driver on Tony Stewart Crash That Killed Kevin Ward: \u0027It Didn\u0027t Seem Real\u0027NBCNews.com - by Erin McClam Autopsy: Kevin Ward Jr. died of massive blunt traumaUSA TODAY - by Jeff Gluck Featured:As probe begins, Stewart steps away from the trackWinston-Salem Journal Opinion:Column: Stewart found his roots on sprint tracksPhilly.com In Depth:Driver struck by Stewart\u0027s car dies of massive blunt trauma; had reputation as a ...Minneapolis Star Tribune See all 3,035 sources » Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Chicago Tribune1 hour ago  -  Google+ \u0027All options open\u0027 on possible charges against Tony Stewart The sheriff investigating the death of a race car driver in New York state said on Monday that while no criminal charges are pendi…ng against NASCAR star Tony Stewart, \"all options\" are open and that authorities are seeking any additional video of the incident. ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Dad of Slain Unarmed Missouri Teen Michael Brown: \u0027We Need Justice for Our ... ABC News 27 minutes ago Written byColleen Curry The mother and father of the unarmed Missouri teen Michael Brown, who was gunned down by a police officer over the weekend, called today for justice for their son. \"We need justice for our son,\" cries father of slain Mo. teenCBS News After night of looting in St. Louis suburb, merchants begin repairsLos Angeles Times - by Matt Pearce Trending on Google+:Protest over black Missouri teenager\u0027s shooting by police turns to looting ...Fox News Opinion:Counter shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown with facts, not rageKansas City Star In Depth:What you need to know about the death of an unarmed black teenager in MissouriWashington Post - by Mark Berman Wikipedia:List of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States, August 2014 See all 1,767 sources » Related: Police » Missouri » RT America9 hours ago  -  Google+ Riots, looting in Ferguson, Missouri after police kill unarmed man  Supermarkets and local stores were looted in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson on Sunday after a vigil was held outside the Ferguson… Police Department in honour of African-American teenager Michael Brown who was shot dead by police on Saturday. Ferguson tensions started escalating after the vigil where protesters began performing gestures such as the ‘black power’ salute or chan... TIMESee realtime coverage School system CIOs are sold on Chromebooks Computerworld 1 hour ago Written byPatrick Thibodeau Computerworld - David Andrade, the CIO of Bridgeport Public Schools in Connecticut, has deployed 11,000 Chromebooks over the past year and plans to add another 5,000 in the next 12 months. Acer unveils new Chromebook 13 with NVIDIA\u0027s Tegra K1 processorThe Next Digit - by Wayne Murphy Acer\u0027s new Chromebook 13 offers 1080p screen and all-day battery lifeTechSpot - by José Vilches Trending on Google+:Gartner Study: Chromebook Sales to Nearly Triple by 2017!Android Headlines - Android News - by Cory McNutt Opinion:Acer\u0027s Chromebook 13 adds a Tegra K1 chip and optional 1080p displayArs Technica In Depth:Chromebook sales set to nearly triple by 2017, Gartner saysCNET - by Roger Cheng See all 108 sources » Related: Chromebooks » Acer Inc. » Tegra » OMG! Chrome!11 hours ago  -  Google+ With a 13 hour battery life and an Nvidia Tegra K1 processor, the new Acer Chromebook 13 is hard to beat. The 13.3-inch Acer Chromebook 13 is the first to be powered by an Nvidia Tegra K1 processor …and features an impressive 13 hour battery life – all starting at $279 . #Chromebook   #Acer   This is the Chromebook That Changes Everything SFGateSee realtime coverage Stocks End Higher on Easing Geopolitical Tensions Fox Business  - ?24 minutes ago? U.S. stocks ended higher on Monday, extending the rally from Friday as investors hoped that Russia\u0027s move to send humanitarian aid to Ukraine would ease tensions between the two countries. Related Ukraine » REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St ends up for second day on hopes for Russia reliefReuters Stocks end day with slight gainsNewsday Opinion:US stocks edge higher as tensions ease in Ukraine; Investors focus on corporate ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Asian Morning Briefing: US Stocks Climb HigherWall Street Journal See all 191 sources » Related Ukraine » RTTNews11 hours ago  -  Google+ Wall Street Seeks To Build On Momentum - With efforts on to ameliorate the situation in strife torn areas from Ukraine to Iraq to the Gaza, sentiment seems to be looking up in the global equity market…s. The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a higher opening on Monday after Asian stocks closed higher. The European markets are also seen rebounding from multi-month lows. With Russia suggesting that it might be completing its exercises along t... Wall Street Seeks To Build On Momentum World » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Russia sending aid convoy to Ukraine despite Western warnings of \u0027invasion ... Reuters  - ?39 minutes ago? BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Monday Russia is sending an aid convoy to eastern Ukraine despite urgent Western warnings against using humanitarian help as a pretext for an invasion. Related Ukraine » Donetsk » Barroso underlines EU\u0027s regret over Russia\u0027s import banXinhua Putin to send convoy to Ukraine; West uneasyThe Daily Star From Ukraine:Ukraine, Red Cross to lead humanitarian effort to Luhansk OblastKyiv Post Trending on Google+:German TV show ridicules \u0027evidence\u0027 of Russian involvement in Ukraine crisisRT (blog) Opinion:NATO: High Chance of Russian InvasionDaily Beast In Depth:Russian Intervention in Ukraine Is Likely, NATO SaysNew York Times See all 1,573 sources » Related Ukraine » Donetsk » Michael Schobel7 hours ago  -  Google+ #ukraine   #russia . (Reuters) - Ukrainian government forces are preparing for the final stage of recapturing the city of Donetsk from pro-Russian separatist rebels after making significant gains that have div…ided rebel forces, a military spokesman said on Monday. Ukraine\u0027s forces say close to taking rebel-held Donetsk NDTVSee realtime coverage US sending weapons directly to Kurdish forces, officials say Washington Post  - ?30 minutes ago? The U.S. government has begun to funnel weapons directly to Kurdish forces fighting Islamist militants in northern Iraq, U.S. officials said Monday, deepening American involvement in a conflict that the Obama administration had long sought to avoid. Related Iraq » United States of America » Barack Obama endorses new Iraqi PM, calls for new governmentThe Australian Iraq crisis: US weighs risky mission to rescue Yazidis; Obama welcomes ...ABC Online Featured:Obama Pushed for Regime Change in IraqDaily Beast Opinion:Reflections on IraqNew York Times See all 10,483 sources » Related Iraq » United States of America » Peter Clifford1 hour ago  -  Google+ #IRAQ and SYRIA NEWS: Kurdish Forces both gain and Lose After US Airstrikes: After 3 days of US airstrikes on the Islamic State Jihadists, the Kurdish Peshmerga regained 2 towns and lost another further… south. While the Yezidi rescue continues, the Iraqi administration is in complete turmoil with no effective government. In #Syria the Islamic State has violently suppressed tribal opposition and Assad has shut down the \"allowed opposition\" ahe... HaaretzSee realtime coverage LIVE UPDATES: Cease-fire close as Israel relaxes positions Haaretz  - ?40 minutes ago? British attorney Amal Alamuddin declines to serve on UN Human Rights Commission into the war in Gaza. By Haaretz | Aug. 12, 2014 | 1:45 AM. Related Gaza Strip » Ceasefire » Israel » Mid-East crisis: Gazans hope for \u0027open seas and borders\u0027BBC News First wounded Palestinians arrive in TurkeyThe Daily Star From Israel:Hamas: We\u0027ll let the PA monitor Rafah crossingJerusalem Post Opinion:Tunnel mapping could have neutralized Hamas threat without fatalitiesWashington Post In Depth:Israel looking to technology to counter Gaza tunnels - armyReuters India Wikipedia:2014 Israel–Gaza conflict See all 1,635 sources » Related Gaza Strip » Ceasefire » Israel » Bloomberg News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Israel wants Gaza demilitarized while Hamas is pressing to end a blockade Israel imposed in 2006. With the U.S. working to help achieve a long-term agreement, the world looks on. Israel, Palestinians Observe New Truce as Accord Sought National PostSee realtime coverage Canadian leading Gaza war-crimes probe rejects anti-Israel charges The Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago? A Canadian law professor chosen to helm a United Nations commission examining possible war crimes in Gaza scoffed Monday at charges he\u0027s biased against Israel, while Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird scoffed at the UN. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » United Nations » George Clooney\u0027s fiancee Amal Alamuddin to join UN Gaza inquiryThe Australian Amal Alamuddin turns down Gaza investigation roleTelegraph.co.uk From Israel:UN names Gaza probe panel, headed by harsh Israel criticHaaretz Opinion:UN panel probing Israel to include George Clooney\u0027s fianceeJewish Telegraphic Agency See all 154 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » United Nations » Al Arabiya News - English4 hours ago  -  Google+ Amal Alamuddin, the British-Lebanese lawyer engaged to be married to Hollywood actor George Clooney was named by the United Nations to be one of three experts on an international commission of inquiry… into possible human rights violations and war crimes committed by both sides during the Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip. Clooney fiancee named to U.N. commission on Gaza ReutersSee realtime coverage NATO chief says will have to decide on Afghan pullout soon Reuters  - ?4 hours ago? BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO will soon be forced to take a decision on a total pullout from Afghanistan unless a deadlock over the country\u0027s election ends and a new president signs an agreement allowing foreign forces to stay, the head of the alliance said on ... Related Afghanistan » What\u0027s News—Wall Street Journal US Special Forces killed pregnant women, tampered with evidence, report allegesWashington Post See all 330 sources » Related Afghanistan » More World stories U.S. » SFGateSee realtime coverage Stockton bank robbery hostage killed by police gunfire, officials say Los Angeles Times 1 hour ago Written byKate Mather Officials Monday said a Stockton woman taken hostage and used as a human shield during a bank robbery turned police chase last month was killed by gunfire from officers, not the suspects. Victim in Violent Stockton Bank Robbery Was Killed by Officers\u0027 Gunfire: Police ...KTLA Chief: Police killed California robbery hostageBloomington Pantagraph See all 47 sources » Related: Police » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area1 hour ago  -  Google+ STOCKTON SHOOTOUT: Authorities have announced that the hostage who died during a bank robbery and shootout in Stockton was killed by police, not the suspects. http://abc7ne.ws/1kXvd4O Share this latest development with othe…rs who have been following this story. Chicago Sun-TimesSee realtime coverage Rauner leads in Sun-Times poll, Quinn calls for debate confirmation WLS-TV  - ?52 minutes ago? The latest polls show Republican Bruce Rauner has an edge right now over Governor Pat Quinn in the race for Illinois governor. Embed. Related Pat Quinn » Bruce Rauner » Quinn and Rauner look forward to debatesPeoria Public Radio Election 2014: Gov. Pat Quinn, Bruce Rauner clash over investmentsFreeport Journal-Standard In Depth:Is Bruce Rauner More of a Reformer Than Gov. Pat Quinn?Huffington Post See all 140 sources » Related Pat Quinn » Bruce Rauner » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Denver woman in terrorism case plans to plead guilty New York Daily News  - ?4 hours ago? DENVER - A 19-year-old suburban Denver woman accused of trying to go to Syria to help ISIS plans to plead guilty in the case. Federal documents filed Friday say an agreement has been reached in the case against Shannon Conley, who was arrested at ... Related Woman » Teen arrested on jihad accusations may plead guiltyUSA TODAY Plea deal appears likely for Colorado teen accused of trying to aid terroristskdvr.com See all 48 sources » Related Woman » WJXT JacksonvilleSee realtime coverage Florida Legislature OKs new voting map for Congress; judge ruled current ... Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Florida Legislature OKs new voting map for Congress; judge ruled current districts illegal . Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. Related United States Congress » Florida Legislature » Legislature\u0027s new district map draws Dem protestsBradenton Herald Meet the New Florida Gerrymander, Same as the Old Florida GerrymanderSlate Magazine (blog) In Depth:Florida Senate passes \u0027nonpartisan\u0027 congressional map over Democratic ...Orlando Sentinel (blog) See all 42 sources » Related United States Congress » Florida Legislature » Roll Call15 minutes ago  -  Google+ Florida Legislature Approves New Congressional Map - The Florida state legislature approved a new congressional map Monday evening and sent it to the governor\u0027s desk, although it\u0027s still uncle…ar whether the new House district boundaries will past muster or take effect for the 2014 elections. The newly passed map only makes minor changes to the congressional districts and is not expected to [...]The post Florida Legislature Approves New Co... Florida Redistricting: Legislature Approves New Congressional Map More U.S. stories Business » ReutersSee realtime coverage Acquisition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. by Kinder Morgan, Inc. May Not Be ... MarketWatch  - ?16 minutes ago? SAN DIEGO and HOUSTON, Aug. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating the proposed acquisition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. Related Kinder Morgan » Richard Kinder » Kinder Morgan Energy Partners » Kinder Morgan Deal May Not Be the Game Changer You Think It IsTheStreet.com US Treasury looking at increase in master limited partnershipsReuters Opinion:Rich Kinder Just Made $1.5 Billion In A Morning By Outsmarting All Of Wall StreetBusiness Insider In Depth:Kinder Morgan Deal Risks Big Tax Bills for InvestorsWall Street Journal See all 296 sources » Related Kinder Morgan » Richard Kinder » Kinder Morgan Energy Partners » Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage Market Basket Independent Board Members: All it Takes is \u0027Yes\u0027 to Get People ... Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? Protesters hold signs and taunt a car entering the site of a Market Basket Supermarket job fair in Andover, Mass., Wednesday, Aug. 6. Elise Amendola/AP. Related Markets » Market Basket\u0027s independent directors issue call for employees, shoppers to returnBoston Globe - by Bennie DiNardo Market Basket directors issue new statementWMUR Manchester - by Shelley Walcott In Depth:Market Basket protests a victory for capitalism for all, not someChristian Science Monitor See all 164 sources » Related Markets » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Warns on Bitcoins New York Times  - ?14 minutes ago? Photo. Richard Cordray, the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, urged consumers to beware of hackers and scams involving Bitcoin. Related Bitcoin » Consumer Financial Protection Bureau » Bitcoin Snubbed By Consumer Financial Protection BureauBidness Etc Federal agency issues warning about Bitcoin, other virtual currenciesThe Times-Picayune - NOLA.com - by Mark Waller In Depth:Digital currencies such as bitcoin carry \u0027significant risks,\u0027 Feds warnMiamiHerald.com See all 90 sources » Related Bitcoin » Consumer Financial Protection Bureau » Top 10 New York Stock Exchange-traded stocks posting largest volume increases Fox Business  - ?51 minutes ago? Cal Dive International Inc. : Approximately 4,780,800 shares changed hands, a 504.7 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. Nasdaq stocks posting largest volume increasesBusinessweek See realtime coverageSee all 4 sources » Related: NYSE » NASDAQ » ReutersSee realtime coverage US Finds Bond Fraud in Kansas New York Times  - ?6 minutes ago? Federal regulators said Monday that Kansas had defrauded investors by bringing $273 million of bonds to market in 2009 and 2010 without disclosing that its pension system was deeply under water and that the investors ran a risk of not being fully repaid. Related U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission » US settles with Kansas over alleged pension fraudTopeka Capital Journal Kansas runs afoul of the SEC over pensionsCNNMoney See all 46 sources » Related U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission » More Business stories Technology » Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Apple University trains employees to emulate Steve Jobs, boost skill sets Tech Times  - ?3 hours ago? A news report offers a glimpse into the secretive world of Apple University. The company apparently aims to teach employees to follow in the steps of the late Steve Jobs. Related Apple Inc. » Apple\u0027s Indoctrination Program Goes Further Than MostValueWalk - by Michelle Jones Apple University Teaches Employees How To Embody Steve Jobs\u0027 PhilosophyInternational Business Times - by Luke Villapaz See all 37 sources » Related Apple Inc. » VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Intel, Moore\u0027s Law Still Ticking With 14nm Broadwell Chips PC Magazine 2 hours ago Written byDamon Poeter Intel\u0027s latest batch of \"Core M\" computer chips are designed for fanless tablets and 2-in-1s. 0shares. Intel 14nm Package (codenamed \u0027Broadwell\u0027). Intel admits: Latest Broadwell Core M chips have no fans at allRegister - by Neil McAllister Intel releases new details on the 14-nm tablet focused Core M Broadwell ...TechSpot Highly Cited:Intel Broadwell Architecture Preview: A Glimpse into Core MAnandTech - by Ryan Smith Opinion:Intel Broadwell processors could slim MacBook Air to just 9mm thickCult of Mac - by Buster Heine See all 68 sources » Related: Intel Corporation » Intel Core » MacRumors5 hours ago  -  Google+ Intel\u0027s released new details on its Broadwell architecture and its first Broadwell chip, the Core M, designed for two-in-one computer/tablet hybrids. Broadwell is expected to bring slight CPU gain…s and impressive GPU gains.  http://www.macrumors.com/2014/08/11/intel-core-m-broadwell-processors/ Intel Shares New Details on Low-Power Core M Broadwell Processors More Technology stories Entertainment » New York TimesSee realtime coverage She Can Sing, She Can Dance! Meet Broadway\u0027s Next Sally Bowles - Emma ... Broadway World  - ?49 minutes ago? As BroadwayWorld reported earlier this evening, Emma Stone is in final talks to take over for Michelle Williams as \u0027Sally Bowles\u0027 this fall in Roundabout Theatre\u0027s CABARET revival on Broadway. Related Emma Stone » Cabaret » Emma Stone in talks to replace Michelle Williams in Broadway\u0027s \u0027Cabaret\u0027Entertainment Weekly Emma Stone in talks to enter \u0027Cabaret\u0027 as SallySFGate Highly Cited:Emma Stone in Talks to Join \u0027Cabaret\u0027 CastNew York Times (blog) See all 47 sources » Related Emma Stone » Cabaret » Contactmusic.comSee realtime coverage Tracy Morgan Is \"Still Struggling\" Two months After Car Crash, Attorney Confirms Contactmusic.com 58 minutes ago Written byNick Hill The comedian\u0027s attorney, Benedict Morelli, appeared on NBC\u0027s \u0027Today Show\u0027 to give an update on his client\u0027s recovery. Tracy Morgan\u0027s Lawyer Says Comedian Is \u0027Still Struggling\u0027First Coast News Tracy Morgan better but \u0027still struggling\u0027 after crash, attorney saysLos Angeles Times - by Christie D\u0027Zurilla Highly Cited:Tracy Morgan \u0027struggling\u0027 to recover after car crash, lawyer saysNew York Daily News In Depth:Tracy Morgan\u0027s Attorney: \u0027He\u0027s Still Struggling, but He\u0027s a Fighter\u0027RollingStone.com - by Ryan Reed See all 128 sources » Related: Tracy Morgan » JET Magazine6 hours ago  -  Google+ Tracy Morgan\u0027s attorney says the comedian is still fighting hard after June 7th motor crash and injuries: http://ow.ly/AccWY New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 first teaser trailer released New York Daily News  - ?40 minutes ago? Saul is back! The first teaser for \"Better Call Saul\" was released Monday, showing attorney Saul Goodman, played by Bob Odenkirk, soliciting a potential client. Related Better Call Saul » Saul Goodman » \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Teaser Touts February PremiereVariety First Teaser Clip of \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Going ViralABC News In Depth:Wisecracking Bad: The First \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Teaser Is HereRollingStone.com - by Ryan Reed See all 178 sources » Related Better Call Saul » Saul Goodman » The Wrap6 hours ago  -  Google+ VIDEO: ‘Better Call Saul’ Open for Business in First Teaser http://bit.ly/1q5gtN8 #BreakingBad   Bob Odenkirk\u0027s criminal lawyer looks slicker than ever The first teaser for AMC\u0027s “Better Call Saul” finds Bob Odenkirk as th…e attorney who will become Saul Goodman, explaining why everyone needs a lawyer. The “Breaking Bad” prequel, debuting in February, finds Goodman in the days before he adopts his fake name and meets a nascent criminal mastermind named Walter White. T... New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Sons of Guns\u0027 star Will Hayden accused of child molestation Fox News  - ?3 hours ago? Will Hayden, star of Discovery Channel\u0027s hit series “Sons of Guns” was arrested for child molestation last Friday night by East Baton Rouge Sheriff\u0027s deputies, FOX411 has confirmed. Ebola: Questions, answers about an unproven drugWIS See all 25 sources » Related: Sons of Guns » Child sexual abuse » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Share a Kiss in an Elevator—See the PDA ... E! Online 2 hours ago Written byLily Harrison Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are most definitely still in the honeymoon phase! The E! reality star snapped a picture of her kissing her rapper love earlier today in an elevator with the cute caption, \"#elevatorkiss. Kim Kardashian worries daughter will be cyber-bulliedTV3.ie A Whole New World of Kim and Kanye! Celebrity newlyweds get re-imagined as ...Daily Mail See all 711 sources » Related: Kim Kardashian » 360nobs.com24 minutes ago  -  Google+ Kim Kardashian \u0026 Kanye West are showing the Carters and Knowles how to use an elevator. In an Instagram photo posted by Kim, she’s all cozied to hubby Ye, and they share a kiss while wearing match…ing outfits. Safe to say, the love between the couple still… Kiss, Not Throw Punches: Kanye West \u0026 Kim Kardashian Make Out In... More Entertainment stories Sports » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage OU suspends LB Shannon for 1 year Fox News  - ?36 minutes ago? Norman, OK (SportsNetwork.com) - The University of Oklahoma said Monday it has decided to suspend Sooners linebacker Frank Shannon for one year following an internal disciplinary process that began after a newspaper reported in April that Shannon ... Related University of Oklahoma » David L. Boren » OU fighting to enforce punishment to ShannonNorman Transcript Top Oklahoma LB Frank Shannon suspended after assault investigationSB Nation In Depth:Oklahoma football: OU asks state Supreme Court to uphold Frank Shannon ...NewsOK.com - by Jason Kersey See all 34 sources » Related University of Oklahoma » David L. Boren » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Former No. 1 pick Oden formally charged with battery NBA.com  - ?2 hours ago? INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Prosecutors in Indiana have formally charged former NBA No. 1 draft pick Greg Oden with battery for allegedly punching his ex-girlfriend in the face during a fight. Related Greg Oden » Greg Oden -- Blasted Ex-Gf with THREE Shots to the Face ... According to Police ...TMZ.com Clippers free agent target Greg Oden faces felony chargesFully Clips See all 67 sources » Related Greg Oden » More Sports stories Science » SFGateSee realtime coverage Stargazers treated to \u0027supermoon\u0027 Gallipolis Daily Tribune  - ?37 minutes ago? OHIO VALLEY - People across the Ohio Valley were no different than people around the world as they looked up to the night sky on Sunday to view a lunar phenomenon: the supermoon. Related Moon » Perseid meteor shower visible this weekBlouin News Blogs Use your iPhone camera to grab Perseids meteor photostuaw.com Opinion:Earth\u0027s gravitational pull may partly melt a bit of the MoonArs Technica In Depth:Is Sunday\u0027s Supermoon Full Moon Really That Super?Space.com See all 1,124 sources » Related Moon » Ken Webster4 hours ago  -  Google+ Super Moon, Perseid Meteor Shower To Light Up Night Skies PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – If you’re scared of the dark, you can fear a little less tonight. Aug. 10 marks a super moon, making the moon appear… much larger and brighter in the sky tonight. According to NASA, the moon will be 30 percent brighter because it will actually be 14 percent closer to the Earth. It will be the brightest full moon of the year. Stargazers can continue to delight... Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Toxic algae bloom bigger than Rhode Island headed to Florida Daily Digest  - ?Aug 10, 2014? A toxic algae bloom one-and-a-half times the size of the Rhode Island is drifting through the Gulf of Mexico, wreaking havoc on the ecosystem, and heading straight for Florida\u0027s west coast. Related Florida » Florida red-tide bloom biggest since \u002706Columbus Dispatch Toledo\u0027s Not Alone: Red Algae Blooming in Florida PanhandleThe Hoops News See all 44 sources » Related Florida » More Science stories Health » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Heart Med Digoxin Tied to Higher Death Risk in Some WebMD  - ?1 hour ago? MONDAY, Aug. 11, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Digoxin, a drug that\u0027s been used to treat heart problems for about 200 years, might increase the risk of dying in certain patients. Related Digoxin » Atrial fibrillation » Digoxin tied to increased risk of death in patients with atrial fibrillationStanford Medical Center Report New Concerns About an Old Heart DrugNew York Times (blog) In Depth:Study: Digoxin Risky for New AfibMedPage Today See all 13 sources » Related Digoxin » Atrial fibrillation » The Nation NewspaperSee realtime coverage \u0027Ebola vaccine could be rushed through for 2015\u0027 The Nation Newspaper  - ?13 minutes ago? Hospitals in Europe are preparing for the possible spread of Ebola out of Africa as the World Health Organisation said a vaccine could be \u0027rushed through\u0027 by early next year. Related Ebola » Vaccines » GSK\u0027s Ebola vaccine trial soonFinancial Express FACTBOX-Developers of potential Ebola vaccines and treatmentsReuters Opinion:Ebola Vaccine Trials Set to Begin in SeptemberU.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Ebola: WHO says vaccine could be ready 2015 •Europe gets ready for Ebola ...Nigerian Tribune Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 172 sources » Related Ebola » Vaccines » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Nurse Is Nigeria\u0027s 10th Case of Ebola Voice of America  - ?33 minutes ago? ABUJA/DAKAR—. Nigerian officials on Monday said one new Ebola case was diagnosed over the weekend, raising the country\u0027s total to 10 confirmed cases, while Ivory Coast banned air travel from West African nations heavily hit by the virus. Related Ebola » West African Ebola outbreak death toll reaches 1013 : WHOReuters Ethics test: Who gets experimental Ebola drug?The Seattle Times Opinion:Spain gets rare Ebola drug to treat stricken priestDetroit Free Press In Depth:Ebola drugs raise ethical dilemmasCBS News Live Updating:Live chat: Ask an expert about EbolaStuff.co.nz Wikipedia:2014 West Africa Ebola virus outbreak See all 2,262 sources » Related Ebola » FOX 9 News | KMSP-TV Minneapolis-St. Paul2 hours ago  -  Google+ The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is a crisis that can inflict pain from half a world away, and that is especially true in the Twin Cities because thousands of African immigrants who live here are los…ing loved ones. Cynthia Sangbai-Kwennah of Brooklyn Center, Minn. has lost 9 family members since the deadly Ebola outbreak erupted in her home country of Liberia. More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Comedian Robin Williams Found Dead at 63 NBCNews.com - 11 minutes ago Family of Missouri Teen Michael Brown Calls for Calm and Justice NBCNews.com - 16 minutes ago US Finds Bond Fraud in Kansas New York Times - 6 minutes ago Weather for New York Today 85° 72° Tue 79° 72° Wed 84° 64° Thu 79° 64° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB   STL 0 0 Bot 1st MIA LAD 0 0 Bot 1st ATL DET 1 0 Bot 1st PIT NYY 1 0 Bot 1st BAL NYM 5-3 Final PHI MIL 1407801900 CHC TB 1407801900 TEX MIN 1407802200 HOU OAK 1407802200 KC COL 1407809400 SD TOR 1407809400 SEA live match MLS   NY 0-1 Final CHI KC 0-2 Final VAN HOU 0-2 Final SEA MLB   CLE 4-1 Final NYY DET 5-6 Final TOR MIA 2-7 Final CIN STL 8-3 Final BAL NYM 6-7 Final PHI SD 8-2 Final PIT LAD 5-1 Final MIL SF 4-7 Final KC TEX 6-2 Final HOU TB 2-3 Final CHC BOS 3-1 Final LAA MIN 6-1 Final OAK CHW 2-4 Final SEA COL 5-3 Final ARI WAS 1-3 Final ATL New York » To Binge at the Fringe New York Times - 2 hours ago New York police officer to attend wedding of baby he saved 20 years ago New York Daily News - 53 minutes ago US regulators approve Canada-NYC power line Newsday - 5 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Robin Williams Dead in Apparent Suicide Vulture Editors Ratings: Outlander Premiere Numbers Are Nae Bad Josef Adalian Emma Stone in Talks to Make Broadway Debut Jesse David Fox Ratings: The Knick Is Off to a Solid Start Joe Adalian See the Adorable New Kids From Downton Abbey Lindsey Weber Learn more Spotlight » The Liquid Biopsy MIT Technology Review - 6 hours ago Hit the Reset Button in Your Brain New York Times - Aug 9, 2014 Turkey to select new prime minister at end of August PBS NewsHour - 1 hour ago US and Indian Spacecraft Rapidly Approach Mars Discovery News - 6 hours ago Beyond Iraq, what\u0027s next for the Islamic State? PBS NewsHour - Aug 10, 2014 Swimming Against the Rising Tide New York Times - Aug 9, 2014 \u0027True Blood\u0027 postmortem: Inside the twists of \u0027Almost Home\u0027 Entertainment Weekly (blog) - 19 hours ago Here\u0027s The Difference Between Working At Facebook, Google, And Microsoft ... Business Insider - Aug 7, 2014 The One Question That Can Identify A Narcissist Huffington Post - Aug 6, 2014 Don\u0027t Let Your Children Grow Up to Be Farmers New York Times - Aug 9, 2014 Hurricane Julio: Hawaii Spared a Second Storm (FORECAST) The Weather Channel - Aug 6, 2014 Don\u0027t get credit cards from these 5 stores MarketWatch - Aug 7, 2014 Most popular Sheriff: No Criminal Charges Yet in Kevin Ward Racing Death NBCNews.com - 8 minutes ago A Look at Town Where Police Shot Unarmed Teenager ABC News - 8 minutes ago Actor Robin Williams Is Dead at 63 ABC News - 7 minutes ago Jets ready for combat against Islamic State jihadists The Times (subscription) - 2 minutes ago Obama says Iraq took promising step with new PM-designate Firstpost - 11 minutes ago Leaders OK plan for Russia aid delivery to eastern Ukraine Los Angeles Times - 22 minutes ago Bishop doesn\u0027t expect Aust troops in Iraq Sydney Morning Herald - 17 minutes ago George RR Martin in quotes: \u0027I love writing about bastards\u0027 The Guardian - 17 minutes ago Colorado woman accused of aiding Islamist rebels reaches plea deal Reuters - 3 hours ago Intel says Broadwell chips to be in devices by holidays Sydney Morning Herald - 36 minutes agoVoice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Obama Praises Selection of Iraqi PM Designate Voice of America  - ?35 minutes ago? U.S. President Barack Obama praised Monday\u0027s selection of Iraqi lawmaker Haider al-Abadi as the next prime minister, calling it \"a promising step in this critical effort\" to build an inclusive new government and to battle insurgents of the Islamic State that ... Related Nouri al-Maliki » Iraq » Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in IraqABC News Obama welcomes new Iraqi leaders as \u0027step forward\u0027Chron.com Highly Cited:US Welcomes Important Step in Iraq\u0027s Government Formation ProcessUS Department of State (press release) Opinion:Al-Maliki must go, and he must go nowThe Globe and Mail In Depth:Barack Obama endorses new Iraqi PM, calls for new governmentThe Australian See all 1,151 sources » Related Nouri al-Maliki » Iraq » The Times of India3 hours ago  -  Google+ Iraq\u0027s new president snubbed powerful incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and nominated the deputy parliament speaker to form the new government http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Iraq-president-names-deputy-speaker-new-PM/articleshow/40067709.cms CNN CNNIraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM Iraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM - CNN CNN CNNAmid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad Amid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad - CNN euronews euronewsIraq\u0026#39;s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad Iraq\u0027s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad - euronews Fox News Fox News Political crisis deepens as Iraqi president names new prime minister NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Hails \u0027Promising Step Forward\u0027 for Iraqi Government Stars and Stripes Stars and Stripes Iraq crisis deepens; US directly arms Kurds NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Al-Maliki\u0027s Special Forces Deploy in Baghdad: Reuters Sources NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Prime Minister al-Maliki to File Complaint Against President Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Nouri al-Maliki has lost his job, but it doesn\u0027t really matter WTAE Pittsburgh WTAE Pittsburgh Iraqi troops surge into Baghdad\u0027s Green Zone KCCI Des Moines KCCI Des Moines Iraqi president nominates new prime minister Fox News Fox News Kerry urges Iraqis to remain calm amid political crisis, backs president over PM New York Times New York Times Kerry Issues Warning to Iraqi Leader Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Iraq\u0027s new PM Abadi calls for unity Sky News Australia Sky News Australia Maliki spurned in government formation Business Insider Business Insider The 10 Most Important Things In The World Right Now Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Maliki denounces Iraqi president, deploys troops around Baghdad (+video) NPR (blog) NPR (blog) The Man Who Might Be Iraq\u0027s Next Prime Minister Times of Oman Times of Oman Maliki defiant as Abadi nominated for Iraq PM ABC News ABC News Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in IraqVoice of America  - ?35 minutes ago?CNN CNNIraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM Iraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM - CNN CNN CNNAmid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad Amid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad - CNN euronews euronewsIraq\u0026#39;s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad Iraq\u0027s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad - euronews Fox News Fox News Political crisis deepens as Iraqi president names new prime minister NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Hails \u0027Promising Step Forward\u0027 for Iraqi Government Stars and Stripes Stars and Stripes Iraq crisis deepens; US directly arms Kurds NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Al-Maliki\u0027s Special Forces Deploy in Baghdad: Reuters Sources NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Prime Minister al-Maliki to File Complaint Against President Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Nouri al-Maliki has lost his job, but it doesn\u0027t really matter WTAE Pittsburgh WTAE Pittsburgh Iraqi troops surge into Baghdad\u0027s Green Zone KCCI Des Moines KCCI Des Moines Iraqi president nominates new prime minister Fox News Fox News Kerry urges Iraqis to remain calm amid political crisis, backs president over PM New York Times New York Times Kerry Issues Warning to Iraqi Leader Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Iraq\u0027s new PM Abadi calls for unity Sky News Australia Sky News Australia Maliki spurned in government formation Business Insider Business Insider The 10 Most Important Things In The World Right Now Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Maliki denounces Iraqi president, deploys troops around Baghdad (+video) NPR (blog) NPR (blog) The Man Who Might Be Iraq\u0027s Next Prime Minister Times of Oman Times of Oman Maliki defiant as Abadi nominated for Iraq PM ABC News ABC News Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in IraqCNN CNNIraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM Iraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM - CNN CNN CNNAmid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad Amid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad - CNN euronews euronewsIraq\u0026#39;s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad Iraq\u0027s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad - euronews Fox News Fox News Political crisis deepens as Iraqi president names new prime minister NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Hails \u0027Promising Step Forward\u0027 for Iraqi Government Stars and Stripes Stars and Stripes Iraq crisis deepens; US directly arms Kurds NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Al-Maliki\u0027s Special Forces Deploy in Baghdad: Reuters Sources NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Iraq Prime Minister al-Maliki to File Complaint Against President Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Nouri al-Maliki has lost his job, but it doesn\u0027t really matter WTAE Pittsburgh WTAE Pittsburgh Iraqi troops surge into Baghdad\u0027s Green Zone KCCI Des Moines KCCI Des Moines Iraqi president nominates new prime minister Fox News Fox News Kerry urges Iraqis to remain calm amid political crisis, backs president over PM New York Times New York Times Kerry Issues Warning to Iraqi Leader Sydney Morning Herald Sydney Morning Herald Iraq\u0027s new PM Abadi calls for unity Sky News Australia Sky News Australia Maliki spurned in government formation Business Insider Business Insider The 10 Most Important Things In The World Right Now Christian Science Monitor Christian Science Monitor Maliki denounces Iraqi president, deploys troops around Baghdad (+video) NPR (blog) NPR (blog) The Man Who Might Be Iraq\u0027s Next Prime Minister Times of Oman Times of Oman Maliki defiant as Abadi nominated for Iraq PM ABC News ABC News Obama Applauds Naming of New Prime Minister Designate in IraqIraqi president to push out al-Maliki, names new PM - CNNAmid ISIS fears, Iraq steps up security in Baghdad - CNNIraq\u0027s PM refuses to step down and deploys troops around Baghdad - euronewsUSA TODAYSee realtime coverage Robin Williams has died at 63 USA TODAY  - ?15 minutes ago? The Marin County Sheriff\u0027s Office is investigating the death of actor/comedian Robin Williams in Tiburon, Calif., north of San Francisco. Related Robin Williams » Death » Comedian Robin Williams dead, sheriff saysCNN Actor Robin Williams Is Dead at 63ABC News Trending on Google+:Robin Williams Dead: Beloved Actor Dies In Apparent SuicideHuffington Post See all 116 sources » Related Robin Williams » Death » Dori Longino21 minutes ago  -  Google+ Robin Williams dead of apparent suicide! Oscar winner was 63 BREAKINGAug 11, 2014 7:00 PM ET CBC News Robin Williams was found dead of an apparent suicide, the Marin County, Calif., Sheriff\u0027s Dep…artment said Monday. More to comeUSA TODAY  - ?15 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Dirt-track racer hit by Tony Stewart died of \u0027massive blunt trauma\u0027 CNN  - ?45 minutes ago? (CNN) -- Kevin Ward Jr., a New York sprint car driver who was killed Saturday night after an on-track incident with NASCAR driver Tony Stewart, died of \"massive blunt trauma,\" authorities said Monday. Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Driver on Tony Stewart Crash That Killed Kevin Ward: \u0027It Didn\u0027t Seem Real\u0027NBCNews.com - by Erin McClam Autopsy: Kevin Ward Jr. died of massive blunt traumaUSA TODAY - by Jeff Gluck Featured:As probe begins, Stewart steps away from the trackWinston-Salem Journal Opinion:Column: Stewart found his roots on sprint tracksPhilly.com In Depth:Driver struck by Stewart\u0027s car dies of massive blunt trauma; had reputation as a ...Minneapolis Star Tribune See all 3,035 sources » Related Tony Stewart » NASCAR » Chicago Tribune1 hour ago  -  Google+ \u0027All options open\u0027 on possible charges against Tony Stewart The sheriff investigating the death of a race car driver in New York state said on Monday that while no criminal charges are pendi…ng against NASCAR star Tony Stewart, \"all options\" are open and that authorities are seeking any additional video of the incident.CNN  - ?45 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Dad of Slain Unarmed Missouri Teen Michael Brown: \u0027We Need Justice for Our ... ABC News 27 minutes ago Written byColleen Curry The mother and father of the unarmed Missouri teen Michael Brown, who was gunned down by a police officer over the weekend, called today for justice for their son. \"We need justice for our son,\" cries father of slain Mo. teenCBS News After night of looting in St. Louis suburb, merchants begin repairsLos Angeles Times - by Matt Pearce Trending on Google+:Protest over black Missouri teenager\u0027s shooting by police turns to looting ...Fox News Opinion:Counter shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown with facts, not rageKansas City Star In Depth:What you need to know about the death of an unarmed black teenager in MissouriWashington Post - by Mark Berman Wikipedia:List of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States, August 2014 See all 1,767 sources » Related: Police » Missouri » RT America9 hours ago  -  Google+ Riots, looting in Ferguson, Missouri after police kill unarmed man  Supermarkets and local stores were looted in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson on Sunday after a vigil was held outside the Ferguson… Police Department in honour of African-American teenager Michael Brown who was shot dead by police on Saturday. Ferguson tensions started escalating after the vigil where protesters began performing gestures such as the ‘black power’ salute or chan...ABC News 27 minutes ago Written byColleen CurryWritten byColleen CurryTIMESee realtime coverage School system CIOs are sold on Chromebooks Computerworld 1 hour ago Written byPatrick Thibodeau Computerworld - David Andrade, the CIO of Bridgeport Public Schools in Connecticut, has deployed 11,000 Chromebooks over the past year and plans to add another 5,000 in the next 12 months. Acer unveils new Chromebook 13 with NVIDIA\u0027s Tegra K1 processorThe Next Digit - by Wayne Murphy Acer\u0027s new Chromebook 13 offers 1080p screen and all-day battery lifeTechSpot - by José Vilches Trending on Google+:Gartner Study: Chromebook Sales to Nearly Triple by 2017!Android Headlines - Android News - by Cory McNutt Opinion:Acer\u0027s Chromebook 13 adds a Tegra K1 chip and optional 1080p displayArs Technica In Depth:Chromebook sales set to nearly triple by 2017, Gartner saysCNET - by Roger Cheng See all 108 sources » Related: Chromebooks » Acer Inc. » Tegra » OMG! Chrome!11 hours ago  -  Google+ With a 13 hour battery life and an Nvidia Tegra K1 processor, the new Acer Chromebook 13 is hard to beat. The 13.3-inch Acer Chromebook 13 is the first to be powered by an Nvidia Tegra K1 processor …and features an impressive 13 hour battery life – all starting at $279 . #Chromebook   #Acer   This is the Chromebook That Changes EverythingComputerworld 1 hour ago Written byPatrick ThibodeauWritten byPatrick ThibodeauSFGateSee realtime coverage Stocks End Higher on Easing Geopolitical Tensions Fox Business  - ?24 minutes ago? U.S. stocks ended higher on Monday, extending the rally from Friday as investors hoped that Russia\u0027s move to send humanitarian aid to Ukraine would ease tensions between the two countries. Related Ukraine » REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St ends up for second day on hopes for Russia reliefReuters Stocks end day with slight gainsNewsday Opinion:US stocks edge higher as tensions ease in Ukraine; Investors focus on corporate ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Asian Morning Briefing: US Stocks Climb HigherWall Street Journal See all 191 sources » Related Ukraine » RTTNews11 hours ago  -  Google+ Wall Street Seeks To Build On Momentum - With efforts on to ameliorate the situation in strife torn areas from Ukraine to Iraq to the Gaza, sentiment seems to be looking up in the global equity market…s. The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a higher opening on Monday after Asian stocks closed higher. The European markets are also seen rebounding from multi-month lows. With Russia suggesting that it might be completing its exercises along t... Wall Street Seeks To Build On MomentumFox Business  - ?24 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Russia sending aid convoy to Ukraine despite Western warnings of \u0027invasion ... Reuters  - ?39 minutes ago? BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Monday Russia is sending an aid convoy to eastern Ukraine despite urgent Western warnings against using humanitarian help as a pretext for an invasion. Related Ukraine » Donetsk » Barroso underlines EU\u0027s regret over Russia\u0027s import banXinhua Putin to send convoy to Ukraine; West uneasyThe Daily Star From Ukraine:Ukraine, Red Cross to lead humanitarian effort to Luhansk OblastKyiv Post Trending on Google+:German TV show ridicules \u0027evidence\u0027 of Russian involvement in Ukraine crisisRT (blog) Opinion:NATO: High Chance of Russian InvasionDaily Beast In Depth:Russian Intervention in Ukraine Is Likely, NATO SaysNew York Times See all 1,573 sources » Related Ukraine » Donetsk » Michael Schobel7 hours ago  -  Google+ #ukraine   #russia . (Reuters) - Ukrainian government forces are preparing for the final stage of recapturing the city of Donetsk from pro-Russian separatist rebels after making significant gains that have div…ided rebel forces, a military spokesman said on Monday. Ukraine\u0027s forces say close to taking rebel-held DonetskReuters  - ?39 minutes ago?NDTVSee realtime coverage US sending weapons directly to Kurdish forces, officials say Washington Post  - ?30 minutes ago? The U.S. government has begun to funnel weapons directly to Kurdish forces fighting Islamist militants in northern Iraq, U.S. officials said Monday, deepening American involvement in a conflict that the Obama administration had long sought to avoid. Related Iraq » United States of America » Barack Obama endorses new Iraqi PM, calls for new governmentThe Australian Iraq crisis: US weighs risky mission to rescue Yazidis; Obama welcomes ...ABC Online Featured:Obama Pushed for Regime Change in IraqDaily Beast Opinion:Reflections on IraqNew York Times See all 10,483 sources » Related Iraq » United States of America » Peter Clifford1 hour ago  -  Google+ #IRAQ and SYRIA NEWS: Kurdish Forces both gain and Lose After US Airstrikes: After 3 days of US airstrikes on the Islamic State Jihadists, the Kurdish Peshmerga regained 2 towns and lost another further… south. While the Yezidi rescue continues, the Iraqi administration is in complete turmoil with no effective government. In #Syria the Islamic State has violently suppressed tribal opposition and Assad has shut down the \"allowed opposition\" ahe...Washington Post  - ?30 minutes ago?HaaretzSee realtime coverage LIVE UPDATES: Cease-fire close as Israel relaxes positions Haaretz  - ?40 minutes ago? British attorney Amal Alamuddin declines to serve on UN Human Rights Commission into the war in Gaza. By Haaretz | Aug. 12, 2014 | 1:45 AM. Related Gaza Strip » Ceasefire » Israel » Mid-East crisis: Gazans hope for \u0027open seas and borders\u0027BBC News First wounded Palestinians arrive in TurkeyThe Daily Star From Israel:Hamas: We\u0027ll let the PA monitor Rafah crossingJerusalem Post Opinion:Tunnel mapping could have neutralized Hamas threat without fatalitiesWashington Post In Depth:Israel looking to technology to counter Gaza tunnels - armyReuters India Wikipedia:2014 Israel–Gaza conflict See all 1,635 sources » Related Gaza Strip » Ceasefire » Israel » Bloomberg News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Israel wants Gaza demilitarized while Hamas is pressing to end a blockade Israel imposed in 2006. With the U.S. working to help achieve a long-term agreement, the world looks on. Israel, Palestinians Observe New Truce as Accord SoughtHaaretz  - ?40 minutes ago?National PostSee realtime coverage Canadian leading Gaza war-crimes probe rejects anti-Israel charges The Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago? A Canadian law professor chosen to helm a United Nations commission examining possible war crimes in Gaza scoffed Monday at charges he\u0027s biased against Israel, while Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird scoffed at the UN. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » United Nations » George Clooney\u0027s fiancee Amal Alamuddin to join UN Gaza inquiryThe Australian Amal Alamuddin turns down Gaza investigation roleTelegraph.co.uk From Israel:UN names Gaza probe panel, headed by harsh Israel criticHaaretz Opinion:UN panel probing Israel to include George Clooney\u0027s fianceeJewish Telegraphic Agency See all 154 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » United Nations » Al Arabiya News - English4 hours ago  -  Google+ Amal Alamuddin, the British-Lebanese lawyer engaged to be married to Hollywood actor George Clooney was named by the United Nations to be one of three experts on an international commission of inquiry… into possible human rights violations and war crimes committed by both sides during the Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip. Clooney fiancee named to U.N. commission on GazaThe Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage NATO chief says will have to decide on Afghan pullout soon Reuters  - ?4 hours ago? BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO will soon be forced to take a decision on a total pullout from Afghanistan unless a deadlock over the country\u0027s election ends and a new president signs an agreement allowing foreign forces to stay, the head of the alliance said on ... Related Afghanistan » What\u0027s News—Wall Street Journal US Special Forces killed pregnant women, tampered with evidence, report allegesWashington Post See all 330 sources » Related Afghanistan »Reuters  - ?4 hours ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Stockton bank robbery hostage killed by police gunfire, officials say Los Angeles Times 1 hour ago Written byKate Mather Officials Monday said a Stockton woman taken hostage and used as a human shield during a bank robbery turned police chase last month was killed by gunfire from officers, not the suspects. Victim in Violent Stockton Bank Robbery Was Killed by Officers\u0027 Gunfire: Police ...KTLA Chief: Police killed California robbery hostageBloomington Pantagraph See all 47 sources » Related: Police » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area1 hour ago  -  Google+ STOCKTON SHOOTOUT: Authorities have announced that the hostage who died during a bank robbery and shootout in Stockton was killed by police, not the suspects. http://abc7ne.ws/1kXvd4O Share this latest development with othe…rs who have been following this story.Los Angeles Times 1 hour ago Written byKate MatherWritten byKate MatherChicago Sun-TimesSee realtime coverage Rauner leads in Sun-Times poll, Quinn calls for debate confirmation WLS-TV  - ?52 minutes ago? The latest polls show Republican Bruce Rauner has an edge right now over Governor Pat Quinn in the race for Illinois governor. Embed. Related Pat Quinn » Bruce Rauner » Quinn and Rauner look forward to debatesPeoria Public Radio Election 2014: Gov. Pat Quinn, Bruce Rauner clash over investmentsFreeport Journal-Standard In Depth:Is Bruce Rauner More of a Reformer Than Gov. Pat Quinn?Huffington Post See all 140 sources » Related Pat Quinn » Bruce Rauner »WLS-TV  - ?52 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Denver woman in terrorism case plans to plead guilty New York Daily News  - ?4 hours ago? DENVER - A 19-year-old suburban Denver woman accused of trying to go to Syria to help ISIS plans to plead guilty in the case. Federal documents filed Friday say an agreement has been reached in the case against Shannon Conley, who was arrested at ... Related Woman » Teen arrested on jihad accusations may plead guiltyUSA TODAY Plea deal appears likely for Colorado teen accused of trying to aid terroristskdvr.com See all 48 sources » Related Woman »New York Daily News  - ?4 hours ago?WJXT JacksonvilleSee realtime coverage Florida Legislature OKs new voting map for Congress; judge ruled current ... Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Florida Legislature OKs new voting map for Congress; judge ruled current districts illegal . Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. Related United States Congress » Florida Legislature » Legislature\u0027s new district map draws Dem protestsBradenton Herald Meet the New Florida Gerrymander, Same as the Old Florida GerrymanderSlate Magazine (blog) In Depth:Florida Senate passes \u0027nonpartisan\u0027 congressional map over Democratic ...Orlando Sentinel (blog) See all 42 sources » Related United States Congress » Florida Legislature » Roll Call15 minutes ago  -  Google+ Florida Legislature Approves New Congressional Map - The Florida state legislature approved a new congressional map Monday evening and sent it to the governor\u0027s desk, although it\u0027s still uncle…ar whether the new House district boundaries will past muster or take effect for the 2014 elections. The newly passed map only makes minor changes to the congressional districts and is not expected to [...]The post Florida Legislature Approves New Co... Florida Redistricting: Legislature Approves New Congressional MapWashington Post  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Acquisition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. by Kinder Morgan, Inc. May Not Be ... MarketWatch  - ?16 minutes ago? SAN DIEGO and HOUSTON, Aug. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating the proposed acquisition of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. Related Kinder Morgan » Richard Kinder » Kinder Morgan Energy Partners » Kinder Morgan Deal May Not Be the Game Changer You Think It IsTheStreet.com US Treasury looking at increase in master limited partnershipsReuters Opinion:Rich Kinder Just Made $1.5 Billion In A Morning By Outsmarting All Of Wall StreetBusiness Insider In Depth:Kinder Morgan Deal Risks Big Tax Bills for InvestorsWall Street Journal See all 296 sources » Related Kinder Morgan » Richard Kinder » Kinder Morgan Energy Partners »MarketWatch  - ?16 minutes ago?Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage Market Basket Independent Board Members: All it Takes is \u0027Yes\u0027 to Get People ... Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? Protesters hold signs and taunt a car entering the site of a Market Basket Supermarket job fair in Andover, Mass., Wednesday, Aug. 6. Elise Amendola/AP. Related Markets » Market Basket\u0027s independent directors issue call for employees, shoppers to returnBoston Globe - by Bennie DiNardo Market Basket directors issue new statementWMUR Manchester - by Shelley Walcott In Depth:Market Basket protests a victory for capitalism for all, not someChristian Science Monitor See all 164 sources » Related Markets »Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Warns on Bitcoins New York Times  - ?14 minutes ago? Photo. Richard Cordray, the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, urged consumers to beware of hackers and scams involving Bitcoin. Related Bitcoin » Consumer Financial Protection Bureau » Bitcoin Snubbed By Consumer Financial Protection BureauBidness Etc Federal agency issues warning about Bitcoin, other virtual currenciesThe Times-Picayune - NOLA.com - by Mark Waller In Depth:Digital currencies such as bitcoin carry \u0027significant risks,\u0027 Feds warnMiamiHerald.com See all 90 sources » Related Bitcoin » Consumer Financial Protection Bureau »New York Times  - ?14 minutes ago?Top 10 New York Stock Exchange-traded stocks posting largest volume increases Fox Business  - ?51 minutes ago? Cal Dive International Inc. : Approximately 4,780,800 shares changed hands, a 504.7 percent increase over its 65-day average volume. Nasdaq stocks posting largest volume increasesBusinessweek See realtime coverageSee all 4 sources » Related: NYSE » NASDAQ »Fox Business  - ?51 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage US Finds Bond Fraud in Kansas New York Times  - ?6 minutes ago? Federal regulators said Monday that Kansas had defrauded investors by bringing $273 million of bonds to market in 2009 and 2010 without disclosing that its pension system was deeply under water and that the investors ran a risk of not being fully repaid. Related U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission » US settles with Kansas over alleged pension fraudTopeka Capital Journal Kansas runs afoul of the SEC over pensionsCNNMoney See all 46 sources » Related U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission »New York Times  - ?6 minutes ago?Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Apple University trains employees to emulate Steve Jobs, boost skill sets Tech Times  - ?3 hours ago? A news report offers a glimpse into the secretive world of Apple University. The company apparently aims to teach employees to follow in the steps of the late Steve Jobs. Related Apple Inc. » Apple\u0027s Indoctrination Program Goes Further Than MostValueWalk - by Michelle Jones Apple University Teaches Employees How To Embody Steve Jobs\u0027 PhilosophyInternational Business Times - by Luke Villapaz See all 37 sources » Related Apple Inc. »Tech Times  - ?3 hours ago?VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Intel, Moore\u0027s Law Still Ticking With 14nm Broadwell Chips PC Magazine 2 hours ago Written byDamon Poeter Intel\u0027s latest batch of \"Core M\" computer chips are designed for fanless tablets and 2-in-1s. 0shares. Intel 14nm Package (codenamed \u0027Broadwell\u0027). Intel admits: Latest Broadwell Core M chips have no fans at allRegister - by Neil McAllister Intel releases new details on the 14-nm tablet focused Core M Broadwell ...TechSpot Highly Cited:Intel Broadwell Architecture Preview: A Glimpse into Core MAnandTech - by Ryan Smith Opinion:Intel Broadwell processors could slim MacBook Air to just 9mm thickCult of Mac - by Buster Heine See all 68 sources » Related: Intel Corporation » Intel Core » MacRumors5 hours ago  -  Google+ Intel\u0027s released new details on its Broadwell architecture and its first Broadwell chip, the Core M, designed for two-in-one computer/tablet hybrids. Broadwell is expected to bring slight CPU gain…s and impressive GPU gains.  http://www.macrumors.com/2014/08/11/intel-core-m-broadwell-processors/ Intel Shares New Details on Low-Power Core M Broadwell ProcessorsPC Magazine 2 hours ago Written byDamon PoeterWritten byDamon PoeterNew York TimesSee realtime coverage She Can Sing, She Can Dance! Meet Broadway\u0027s Next Sally Bowles - Emma ... Broadway World  - ?49 minutes ago? As BroadwayWorld reported earlier this evening, Emma Stone is in final talks to take over for Michelle Williams as \u0027Sally Bowles\u0027 this fall in Roundabout Theatre\u0027s CABARET revival on Broadway. Related Emma Stone » Cabaret » Emma Stone in talks to replace Michelle Williams in Broadway\u0027s \u0027Cabaret\u0027Entertainment Weekly Emma Stone in talks to enter \u0027Cabaret\u0027 as SallySFGate Highly Cited:Emma Stone in Talks to Join \u0027Cabaret\u0027 CastNew York Times (blog) See all 47 sources » Related Emma Stone » Cabaret »Broadway World  - ?49 minutes ago?Contactmusic.comSee realtime coverage Tracy Morgan Is \"Still Struggling\" Two months After Car Crash, Attorney Confirms Contactmusic.com 58 minutes ago Written byNick Hill The comedian\u0027s attorney, Benedict Morelli, appeared on NBC\u0027s \u0027Today Show\u0027 to give an update on his client\u0027s recovery. Tracy Morgan\u0027s Lawyer Says Comedian Is \u0027Still Struggling\u0027First Coast News Tracy Morgan better but \u0027still struggling\u0027 after crash, attorney saysLos Angeles Times - by Christie D\u0027Zurilla Highly Cited:Tracy Morgan \u0027struggling\u0027 to recover after car crash, lawyer saysNew York Daily News In Depth:Tracy Morgan\u0027s Attorney: \u0027He\u0027s Still Struggling, but He\u0027s a Fighter\u0027RollingStone.com - by Ryan Reed See all 128 sources » Related: Tracy Morgan » JET Magazine6 hours ago  -  Google+ Tracy Morgan\u0027s attorney says the comedian is still fighting hard after June 7th motor crash and injuries: http://ow.ly/AccWYContactmusic.com 58 minutes ago Written byNick HillWritten byNick HillNew York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 first teaser trailer released New York Daily News  - ?40 minutes ago? Saul is back! The first teaser for \"Better Call Saul\" was released Monday, showing attorney Saul Goodman, played by Bob Odenkirk, soliciting a potential client. Related Better Call Saul » Saul Goodman » \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Teaser Touts February PremiereVariety First Teaser Clip of \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Going ViralABC News In Depth:Wisecracking Bad: The First \u0027Better Call Saul\u0027 Teaser Is HereRollingStone.com - by Ryan Reed See all 178 sources » Related Better Call Saul » Saul Goodman » The Wrap6 hours ago  -  Google+ VIDEO: ‘Better Call Saul’ Open for Business in First Teaser http://bit.ly/1q5gtN8 #BreakingBad   Bob Odenkirk\u0027s criminal lawyer looks slicker than ever The first teaser for AMC\u0027s “Better Call Saul” finds Bob Odenkirk as th…e attorney who will become Saul Goodman, explaining why everyone needs a lawyer. The “Breaking Bad” prequel, debuting in February, finds Goodman in the days before he adopts his fake name and meets a nascent criminal mastermind named Walter White. T...New York Daily News  - ?40 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage \u0027Sons of Guns\u0027 star Will Hayden accused of child molestation Fox News  - ?3 hours ago? Will Hayden, star of Discovery Channel\u0027s hit series “Sons of Guns” was arrested for child molestation last Friday night by East Baton Rouge Sheriff\u0027s deputies, FOX411 has confirmed. Ebola: Questions, answers about an unproven drugWIS See all 25 sources » Related: Sons of Guns » Child sexual abuse »Fox News  - ?3 hours ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Share a Kiss in an Elevator—See the PDA ... E! Online 2 hours ago Written byLily Harrison Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are most definitely still in the honeymoon phase! The E! reality star snapped a picture of her kissing her rapper love earlier today in an elevator with the cute caption, \"#elevatorkiss. Kim Kardashian worries daughter will be cyber-bulliedTV3.ie A Whole New World of Kim and Kanye! Celebrity newlyweds get re-imagined as ...Daily Mail See all 711 sources » Related: Kim Kardashian » 360nobs.com24 minutes ago  -  Google+ Kim Kardashian \u0026 Kanye West are showing the Carters and Knowles how to use an elevator. In an Instagram photo posted by Kim, she’s all cozied to hubby Ye, and they share a kiss while wearing match…ing outfits. Safe to say, the love between the couple still… Kiss, Not Throw Punches: Kanye West \u0026 Kim Kardashian Make Out In...E! Online 2 hours ago Written byLily HarrisonWritten byLily HarrisonUSA TODAYSee realtime coverage OU suspends LB Shannon for 1 year Fox News  - ?36 minutes ago? Norman, OK (SportsNetwork.com) - The University of Oklahoma said Monday it has decided to suspend Sooners linebacker Frank Shannon for one year following an internal disciplinary process that began after a newspaper reported in April that Shannon ... Related University of Oklahoma » David L. Boren » OU fighting to enforce punishment to ShannonNorman Transcript Top Oklahoma LB Frank Shannon suspended after assault investigationSB Nation In Depth:Oklahoma football: OU asks state Supreme Court to uphold Frank Shannon ...NewsOK.com - by Jason Kersey See all 34 sources » Related University of Oklahoma » David L. Boren »Fox News  - ?36 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Former No. 1 pick Oden formally charged with battery NBA.com  - ?2 hours ago? INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Prosecutors in Indiana have formally charged former NBA No. 1 draft pick Greg Oden with battery for allegedly punching his ex-girlfriend in the face during a fight. Related Greg Oden » Greg Oden -- Blasted Ex-Gf with THREE Shots to the Face ... According to Police ...TMZ.com Clippers free agent target Greg Oden faces felony chargesFully Clips See all 67 sources » Related Greg Oden »NBA.com  - ?2 hours ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Stargazers treated to \u0027supermoon\u0027 Gallipolis Daily Tribune  - ?37 minutes ago? OHIO VALLEY - People across the Ohio Valley were no different than people around the world as they looked up to the night sky on Sunday to view a lunar phenomenon: the supermoon. Related Moon » Perseid meteor shower visible this weekBlouin News Blogs Use your iPhone camera to grab Perseids meteor photostuaw.com Opinion:Earth\u0027s gravitational pull may partly melt a bit of the MoonArs Technica In Depth:Is Sunday\u0027s Supermoon Full Moon Really That Super?Space.com See all 1,124 sources » Related Moon » Ken Webster4 hours ago  -  Google+ Super Moon, Perseid Meteor Shower To Light Up Night Skies PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – If you’re scared of the dark, you can fear a little less tonight. Aug. 10 marks a super moon, making the moon appear… much larger and brighter in the sky tonight. According to NASA, the moon will be 30 percent brighter because it will actually be 14 percent closer to the Earth. It will be the brightest full moon of the year. Stargazers can continue to delight...Gallipolis Daily Tribune  - ?37 minutes ago?Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Toxic algae bloom bigger than Rhode Island headed to Florida Daily Digest  - ?Aug 10, 2014? A toxic algae bloom one-and-a-half times the size of the Rhode Island is drifting through the Gulf of Mexico, wreaking havoc on the ecosystem, and heading straight for Florida\u0027s west coast. Related Florida » Florida red-tide bloom biggest since \u002706Columbus Dispatch Toledo\u0027s Not Alone: Red Algae Blooming in Florida PanhandleThe Hoops News See all 44 sources » Related Florida »Daily Digest  - ?Aug 10, 2014?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Heart Med Digoxin Tied to Higher Death Risk in Some WebMD  - ?1 hour ago? MONDAY, Aug. 11, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Digoxin, a drug that\u0027s been used to treat heart problems for about 200 years, might increase the risk of dying in certain patients. Related Digoxin » Atrial fibrillation » Digoxin tied to increased risk of death in patients with atrial fibrillationStanford Medical Center Report New Concerns About an Old Heart DrugNew York Times (blog) In Depth:Study: Digoxin Risky for New AfibMedPage Today See all 13 sources » Related Digoxin » Atrial fibrillation »WebMD  - ?1 hour ago?The Nation NewspaperSee realtime coverage \u0027Ebola vaccine could be rushed through for 2015\u0027 The Nation Newspaper  - ?13 minutes ago? Hospitals in Europe are preparing for the possible spread of Ebola out of Africa as the World Health Organisation said a vaccine could be \u0027rushed through\u0027 by early next year. Related Ebola » Vaccines » GSK\u0027s Ebola vaccine trial soonFinancial Express FACTBOX-Developers of potential Ebola vaccines and treatmentsReuters Opinion:Ebola Vaccine Trials Set to Begin in SeptemberU.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Ebola: WHO says vaccine could be ready 2015 •Europe gets ready for Ebola ...Nigerian Tribune Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 172 sources » Related Ebola » Vaccines »The Nation Newspaper  - ?13 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Nurse Is Nigeria\u0027s 10th Case of Ebola Voice of America  - ?33 minutes ago? ABUJA/DAKAR—. Nigerian officials on Monday said one new Ebola case was diagnosed over the weekend, raising the country\u0027s total to 10 confirmed cases, while Ivory Coast banned air travel from West African nations heavily hit by the virus. Related Ebola » West African Ebola outbreak death toll reaches 1013 : WHOReuters Ethics test: Who gets experimental Ebola drug?The Seattle Times Opinion:Spain gets rare Ebola drug to treat stricken priestDetroit Free Press In Depth:Ebola drugs raise ethical dilemmasCBS News Live Updating:Live chat: Ask an expert about EbolaStuff.co.nz Wikipedia:2014 West Africa Ebola virus outbreak See all 2,262 sources » Related Ebola » FOX 9 News | KMSP-TV Minneapolis-St. Paul2 hours ago  -  Google+ The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is a crisis that can inflict pain from half a world away, and that is especially true in the Twin Cities because thousands of African immigrants who live here are los…ing loved ones. Cynthia Sangbai-Kwennah of Brooklyn Center, Minn. has lost 9 family members since the deadly Ebola outbreak erupted in her home country of Liberia.Voice of America  - ?33 minutes ago?Today 85° 72° Tue 79° 72° Wed 84° 64° Thu 79° 64°Today YesterdayMLB  STL 0 0 Bot 1st MIALAD 0 0 Bot 1st ATLDET 1 0 Bot 1st PITNYY 1 0 Bot 1st BALNYM 5-3 Final PHIMIL 1407801900 CHCTB 1407801900 TEXMIN 1407802200 HOUOAK 1407802200 KCCOL 1407809400 SDTOR 1407809400 SEAMLS  NY 0-1 Final CHIKC 0-2 Final VANHOU 0-2 Final SEAMLB  CLE 4-1 Final NYYDET 5-6 Final TORMIA 2-7 Final CINSTL 8-3 Final BALNYM 6-7 Final PHISD 8-2 Final PITLAD 5-1 Final MILSF 4-7 Final KCTEX 6-2 Final HOUTB 2-3 Final CHCBOS 3-1 Final LAAMIN 6-1 Final OAKCHW 2-4 Final SEACOL 5-3 Final ARIWAS 1-3 Final ATL -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":1,"second":28},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
