{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentApe See, Ape Do: How Chimps Learn From Other ChimpsColorado Springs teen guilty in newlywed slayingsIf not the Wizards, who has the NBA\u0027s best backcourt?MLB  NFL  Greater Wichita »Oatville Elementary, St. Patrick Catholic School named National Blue Ribbon ...4 months after wreck, Lacey Deardoff moving back to KCFormer Salina building inspector is found guilty of poisoning his wifeEditors\u0027 PicksMicrosoft CEO Nadella Encourages Students That Emotional Quotient...Microsoft Skips Windows 9, Unveils Windows 10 And Windows Insider ProgramMicrosoft Prediciton Lab Develops Forecast Technology Based Partially On...Acer Starts Shipping V Nitro Black Edition Laptops In North AmericaIntel’s Basis Unveils Peak Fitness And Sleep Tracker WatchSpotlight »Trading Meatloaf for Oxy: This Is the Chef Memoir We\u0027ve Been Waiting ForHirohito: String Puller, Not PuppetBilly Idol: Sex, Drugs, \u0027Charmed Life,\u0027 and the Crash That Nearly Killed MeQ\u0026A: Peruvian Ecologist Vows \"You Fight Until You Fall Dead\"Taste the bold, full-bodied future of American coffeeObama: US misjudged threat of Islamic State militantsSunday Book Review|\u0027The Giving Tree\u0027: Tender Story of Unconditional Love or ...\u0027Masters of Sex\u0027 showrunner teases Masters and Johnson\u0027s \u0027cuckoo\u0027 lives after ...Our Invisible RichHow RAM Scrapers Work: The Sneaky Tools Behind the Latest Credit Card HacksGrammy-winning violinist Joshua Bell delights masses at DC subway concertRevisiting the Lehman Brothers Bailout That Never WasMost popularFirst US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In DallasSuspect Charged As Estate Agent\u0027s Body FoundWhat to Expect From Microsoft Windows 10Congress grills Secret Service on White House breachesMr. and Mrs. Clooney get married. For real, this time ...Michael Phelps arrested for second time on DUI charges in BaltimoreTracy Morgan \"Can\u0027t Believe\" Walmart Is Blaming His Car Accident Injuries on ...Speak now: a history of the \u0027protest marriage\u0027 from Hong Kong to KievShrinking Aral Sea: From world\u0027s fourth largest lake to almost dryNFL admits mistake in penalizing Husain Abdullah for religious celebration","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesGovernment confirms first case of Ebola in USCongress grills Secret Service on White House breachesHong Kong protesters dig in over election reformsWith Windows 10, a contrite Microsoft will try to atone for Windows 8 mistakesEbola Outbreak in Nigeria Appears to Be ContainedUS STOCKS-Wall St ends down for day, month; indexes gain in qtrWorld »Kurds seize Iraq-Syria border post from Islamic State with support of Sunni tribeThailand Proposes Tourist Wristbands After Murders Prompt ConcernsISIS is the Antithesis of the Holy PilgrimageAfghan pact signed amid questions on Iraq pulloutWhere a Volcano Eruption Like Japan\u0027s Mount Ontake Is Mostly Likely in the USU.S. »Pipe bombs found by police tracking Pennsylvania ambush suspectJury Convicts Colorado Teen in Newlywed SlayingsVideo, photos limited for theater shooting trialAdministration urges rejection of Brewer\u0027s appealBusiness »EBay to Spin Off PayPal, Adopting Icahn\u0027s StrategyIn Trying to Save Darden, Its Board Sealed Its Own DemiseUPDATE 1-Enbridge eyes Mainline oil pipe expansion if demand strongEuro pressured as low inflation puts heat on ECBDelamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weaknessTechnology »Playdate: We\u0027re livestreaming \u0027Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor\u0027 on PS4!New app promises Tinder experience \u0027minus the poor people\u0027Entertainment »Sisters in fashion: But sorry Kate - Mrs Clooney adds a dash of magic that shows ...Tracy Morgan \"Can\u0027t Believe\" Walmart Is Blaming His Car Accident Injuries on ...In \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 music, Reznor aims \u0027to instill doubt\u0027Inside Amanda Bynes\u0027s New TroublesSports »Shields: Royals\u0027 maturity, drive pushed them into postseasonArmour: It\u0027s time for Michael Phelps to grow upScience »Global Warming Fired Up Heat Waves in 2013Aral Sea: How one of the world\u0027s largest lakes turned into a ship cemetery ...Health »Health officials looking for link between respiratory infection outbreak, paralysis ...Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee PainNo Difference in Survival for Different Heart ValvesUS Agency Reveals Drug Makers\u0027 Payments to DoctorsRecentGreater Wichita »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG OCT NOV 1 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG OCT NOV 1 2013 2014 2015AUG OCT NOV12013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Government confirms first case of Ebola in US MiamiHerald.com  - ?51 minutes ago? Federal health officials on Tuesday confirmed the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the U.S., a patient who recently traveled from Liberia to Dallas and a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa. Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » United States of America » 6 facts about EbolaPolitico CDC confirms first case of Ebola in USFox News Featured:First US Case of Ebola ConfirmedMother Jones Opinion:CDC Director: First U.S. Ebola Patient Critically IllDaily Beast Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 1,180 sources » Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » United States of America » wikiHow2 hours ago  -  Google+ With the CDC announcing the first diagnosed case of Ebola in the USA, it\u0027s normal to be concerned. Despite today\u0027s news, the CDC is confident that Ebola is unlikely to spread in the United Sta…tes. To learn how to prevent Ebola, and to learn more about the disease, give this page a read:  http://www.wikihow.com/Prevent-Ebola #ebola   #ebolavirus   #ebolafacts   How to Prevent Ebola Wall Street Journal Wall Street JournalCDC on US Ebola Case: \u0026#39;No Doubt\u0026#39; It Will Be Contained CDC on US Ebola Case: \u0027No Doubt\u0027 It Will Be Contained - Wall Street Journal CNN CNNCDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country CDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country - CNN Reuters ReutersCDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States CDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States - Reuters North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio First US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In Dallas Newsweek Newsweek CDC Reports First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in the United States Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Dallas hospital confirms first Ebola case in US MarketWatch MarketWatch Tekmira Pharma shares pop on first U.S. Ebola case ABC News ABC News Face-to-Face With Patients in the Ebola Ward New York Daily News New York Daily News First case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S. after infected man arrives in Texas from ... Fox News Fox News CDC confirms first case of Ebola in US USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Congress grills Secret Service on White House breaches USA TODAY  - ?13 minutes ago? WASHINGTON - Secret Service Director Julia Pierson faced a withering critique of her brief leadership Tuesday before a House committee in wake of mounting disclosures about dramatic breaches of White House security. Related United States Secret Service » White House » Julia Pierson » White House intruder tip of icebergChicago Sun-Times Should Secret Service have shot White House fence jumper? (+video)Christian Science Monitor Opinion:The Secret Service and the White House IntruderNew York Times In Depth:Secret Service Draws Fire Over Security LapsesWall Street Journal Live Updating:Live blog and video of Secret Service director\u0027s testimony to House committeeMarketWatch (blog) Wikipedia:United States Secret Service See all 1,944 sources » Related United States Secret Service » White House » Julia Pierson » Trey Harris7 hours ago  -  Google+ Secret Service hearing shockers: Self-important House members grandstanding, throwing brickbats; GOP doesn\u0027t understand the difference between mental illness and criminality At first blush, it\u0026#…39;s really dumb that the House Oversight Committee is having its public hearing today with Secret Service Director Julia Pierson before it reconvenes for the classified briefing. But it seems pretty clear, even after just the first 90 minutes, ... Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Hong Kong protesters dig in over election reforms CBS News  - ?23 minutes ago? HONG KONG - A showdown is developing in Hong Kong, where protesters are demanding that China butt out of upcoming elections. Video shot from a drone shows tens of thousands jamming block after block. Related Hong Kong » Hong Kong protest leaders gear up for massive holiday rallies amid fears of ...National Post What\u0027s At Stake in Hong KongTIME In Depth:Hong Kong protests holding strong through lightning, rainCBC.ca See all 7,116 sources » Related Hong Kong » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ China Accuses U.S. of Fomenting Hong Kong Protests http://b4in.org/e9Eq Has the U.S. Egged On the Protests? The mass demonstrations in Hong Kong are dramatic, indeed. And given that Hong Kong has long enjoyed a more li…beral existence under British rule, protests against a more authoritarian Chinese government (or at least it used to be more authoritarian) are not entirely surprising. But Chinese officials accuse the U.S. of egging on the protests.  As the Wall St... ABC NewsSee realtime coverage With Windows 10, a contrite Microsoft will try to atone for Windows 8 mistakes PCWorld  - ?8 minutes ago? Humbled by businesses\u0027 dislike for Windows 8, Microsoft has issued a mea culpa, offered the world a first peek at Windows 10 and pledged that the new OS will delight IT executives. Related Microsoft Windows » Microsoft Corporation » Windows 8 » What to Expect From Microsoft Windows 10ABC News Years after burning loyal PC users, Microsoft asks forgiveness with Windows 10Digital Trends Featured:Microsoft Unveils Windows 10 With Revamped Start MenuLaptop Mag (blog) Trending on Google+:Windows 10 is the official name for Microsoft\u0027s next version of WindowsThe Verge Opinion:Microsoft Math: Add 1 to Windows 8 and You Get Windows 10?The Mac Observer In Depth:A First Look at Microsoft\u0027s Windows 10PC Magazine See all 1,315 sources » Related Microsoft Windows » Microsoft Corporation » Windows 8 » MacRumors1 hour ago  -  Google+ Microsoft today unveiled its next-generation Windows operating system, Windows 10, previewing the OS at an event in San Francisco focused on its corporate users. Like Windows 8, Windows 10 utilizes li…ve tiles, but it also draws in design elements from Windows 7 to make it more appealing to users… Microsoft Gives Early Look at Windows 10 Featuring Windows 7 Elements, Broad... New York TimesSee realtime coverage Ebola Outbreak in Nigeria Appears to Be Contained New York Times  - ?35 minutes ago? A student washed her hands as classes resumed in Lagos last week. Credit Akintunde Akinleye/Reuters. Continue reading the main story. Related Ebola » Liberia » Worst Ebola outbreak on record tests global responseReuters UN Ebola Mission Kicks Off Amid Questions About SafetyVoice of America Opinion:Buchanan: Ebola forecasters can\u0027t know how bad it will beNewsday Wikipedia:Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia See all 2,014 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » ModernGhana.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola outbreak nears end in Nigeria: US - Washington AFP - The Ebola outbreak in Nigeria is almost over, US health officials said Tuesday, in a rare sign of authorities turning the tide on the highly …contagious disease that has killed more than 3,000 in West Africa.But in a fresh setback to the global fight against the virus, the United States almost simultaneously said an Ebola case had been diagnosed there for the first time in a ... http://ow.ly/2Osgsx Ebola outbreak nears end in Nigeria: US SFGateSee realtime coverage US STOCKS-Wall St ends down for day, month; indexes gain in qtr Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK, Sept 30 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed. September lives up to \u0027rep\u0027 as worst month for stocksUSA TODAY Stocks slip, leaving S\u0026P 500 down for SeptemberThe Herald Bulletin See all 172 sources » World » Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Kurds seize Iraq-Syria border post from Islamic State with support of Sunni tribe Sydney Morning Herald  - ?43 minutes ago? Erbil, Iraq/Mursitpinar, Turkey: Iraqi Kurdish troops drove Islamic State fighters from a strategic border crossing with Syria on Tuesday and won the support of members of a major Sunni tribe, in one of the biggest successes since US forces began bombing the ... Related Syria » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Potential anti-IS action motion submitted to Turkish parliamentXinhua Turkey moves to use force in Syria and IraqUSA TODAY From Iraq:Kurds Outraged as Turkey Closes Border to Volunteers for KobaneRudaw Opinion:Turkey mulls permit for incursions in Syria, IraqBoston Herald See all 4,138 sources » Related Syria » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Thailand Proposes Tourist Wristbands After Murders Prompt Concerns TIME  - ?2 hours ago? Thailand\u0027s tourism minister said Tuesday that visitors to the country will receive identification wristbands listing emergency contact information, a heightened safety precaution in the wake of the murders of two British tourists this month. Related Tourism » Murder » Thai tourism minister wants wristbands for tourists, party curfewsDaily Times Kobkarn backs ID wristbands for touristsBangkok Post From Thailand:PhuketWATCH Thailand\u0027s Tourist Thaiband; HK Protest Growing; Burma\u0027s ...Phuketwan See all 168 sources » Related Tourism » Murder » TIMESee realtime coverage ISIS is the Antithesis of the Holy Pilgrimage TIME  - ?2 hours ago? Crowd at Kaaba ahead of upcoming Eid al-Adha Muslim pilgrims from all around the world circle counterclockwise Islam\u0027s holiest shrine, the Kaaba, ahead of upcoming Eid Al-Adha (Feast of Sacrifice) at Masjid al-Haram (the Grand Mosque) in the Muslim ... Related Hajj » Mecca » Hajj pilgrims denounce ISIS \u0027virus\u0027The Daily Star High-Tech Hajj: 10 Ways Engineering Rocks the Casbah (and Mecca!)Al-Bawaba Opinion:Muslim pilgrims denounce IS but doubt US-led warNew Vision In Depth:Mecca On Alert As Hajj Begins And ISIS Concerns GrowHuffington Post See all 99 sources » Related Hajj » Mecca » Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Afghan pact signed amid questions on Iraq pullout Businessweek  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (AP) - After lengthy delays, U.S. and Afghan officials signed a security pact Tuesday to keep American troops in Afghanistan beyond year\u0027s end, aiming to prevent the country from descending into the kind of chaos that has plagued Iraq ... Related Afghanistan » United States of America » US to keep troops in Afghanistan post-2014The Express Tribune Afghanistan signs deal to keep US troopsTelegraph.co.uk Featured:New Afghanistan pact means America\u0027s longest war will last until at least 2024The Guardian See all 414 sources » Related Afghanistan » United States of America » ShAhZaIb MaHmOoD dHiLlOn11 hours ago  -  Google+ Bilateral deal allowing US troops to stay in Afghanistan set to be signed in Kabul ‘A deal allowing 10,000 American troops to remain in Afghanistan is expected to be signed on Tuesday in Kabul, but …not necessarily by new Afghan president Ashraf Ghani, who may delegate the controversial task to a more junior member of his new government. White House adviser John Podesta, who is leading a delegation to Ghani’s inauguration, confirmed during a pr... ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Where a Volcano Eruption Like Japan\u0027s Mount Ontake Is Mostly Likely in the US ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Could a deadly volcano eruption like Mount Ontake\u0027s in Japan happen here in the United States? It\u0027s possible, U.S. Geological Survey scientist John Ewert told ABC News today. Related Volcanoes » Mount Ontake » Japan » Japan volcano shows signs of second dangerous eruption as rescuers thwarted ...ABC Online Search abandoned on Mount Ontake in Japan after strong tremorseuronews From Japan:Rescue teams suspend search on Mount Ontake as tremors worsenThe Japan Times Opinion:Q\u0026A: Veteran Volcano Climber on the Allure, Danger of Japan\u0027s \"Holy Mountain\"National Geographic In Depth:Is it volcano season? From Japan to Iceland, scientists probe the reasons why ...National Post Wikipedia:2014 Mount Ontake eruption See all 424 sources » Related Volcanoes » Mount Ontake » Japan » More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Pipe bombs found by police tracking Pennsylvania ambush suspect Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? BLOOMING GROVE Pa. (Reuters) - A pair of pipe bombs was discovered by teams searching the Pocono Mountains for Eric Frein, the survivalist suspected in an ambush of two Pennsylvania state troopers that killed one of them, a police official said on ... Related Police » Pennsylvania » Police on Pa. manhunt find pipe bombs in woodsThe Detroit News State Police Show Two Pipe Bombs They Frein Left BehindPA home page In Depth:Police on manhunt find pipe bombs in woodsChron.com See all 272 sources » Related Police » Pennsylvania » FOX434 hours ago  -  Google+ Two pipe bombs found during search for suspect Eric Frein. The pipe bombs were among items recovered that “undoubtedly confirms” Frein’s presence in the wooded area, said Pennsylvania State Police . Two pipe bombs found during search for suspect Eric Frein ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Jury Convicts Colorado Teen in Newlywed Slayings ABC News  - ?10 minutes ago? It took a jury in Colorado Springs, Colorado, less than four hours to convict teenager of killing a Fort Carson soldier and his pregnant wife during a burglary. Teen Found Guilty Murders Of Soldier, Pregnant WifeKKTV 11 News See all 19 sources » Related: Juries » Colorado Springs » Fort Carson » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Video, photos limited for theater shooting trial USA TODAY  - ?34 minutes ago? DENVER (AP) - News organizations won\u0027t be allowed to have their own cameras in the courtroom during the Colorado theater shooting trial, but they can use video and still images from a closed-circuit TV camera already in the courtroom. Related Theatre » Camera Allowed for Colorado Theater Shooter James Holmes\u0027 TrialNBCNews.com Colorado movie theater massacre trial may be televised, judge rulesKFGO See all 28 sources » Related Theatre » Washington TimesSee realtime coverage Administration urges rejection of Brewer\u0027s appeal seattlepi.com  - ?19 minutes ago? PHOENIX (AP) - The Obama administration has urged a court to reject Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer\u0027s appeal of a ruling that blocks the state from denying driver\u0027s licenses to young immigrants who have avoided deportation under a change ordered by the ... Feds: Arizona lacks authority to ban licenses for DreamersArizona Daily Star See all 45 sources » Related: Immigration » Arizona » The White House7 hours ago  -  Google+ Just announced: President Obama will head to + Northwestern University  on Thursday to make the case for what has always fueled America\u0027s leadership—our economic greatness ? http://go.wh.gov/8GEYeh More U.S. stories Business » New York TimesSee realtime coverage EBay to Spin Off PayPal, Adopting Icahn\u0027s Strategy New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Photo. A PayPal employee demonstrates pay options.Credit Beck Diefenbach/Reuters. EBay said on Tuesday that it would spin off its PayPal payments unit into a separate publicly traded company, taking a step the activist hedge fund magnate Carl C. Icahn ... Related eBay » PayPal » At Long Last, eBay Sets PayPal FreeSlate Magazine (blog) PayPal to split from eBay in 2015 flotationThe Punch Opinion:EBay CEO John Donahoe talks PayPal spin-off, mobile payUSA TODAY In Depth:Icahn Campaign Led EBay to Mask Openness to PayPal SplitBusinessweek Wikipedia:eBay See all 916 sources » Related eBay » PayPal » Bloomberg View3 hours ago  -  Google+ Why EBay Is Freeing PayPal - Katie Benner explores what forced online retailer eBay to spin off its digital payments powerhouse, PayPal. Hint: Carl Icahn helped move things along. http://bv.ms/1rqYZRA Why EBay Is Freeing PayPal New York TimesSee realtime coverage In Trying to Save Darden, Its Board Sealed Its Own Demise New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Photo. Credit Harry Campbell. Gestures of futile nobility seem mostly confined to the movies these days. And yet the directors of Darden Restaurants, the owner of Olive Garden and other quintessentially American restaurant chains, may have decided that ... Related Darden Restaurants » Egan-Jones sides with Darden in Starboard proxy fightReuters ISS, Glass Lewis Recommend For All Of Starboard\u0027\u0027s Nominees For DardenNASDAQ See all 21 sources » Related Darden Restaurants » Financial PostSee realtime coverage UPDATE 1-Enbridge eyes Mainline oil pipe expansion if demand strong Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? (Updates throughout with details and company quotes). By Julie Gordon and Scott Haggett. Sept 30 (Reuters) - Enbridge Inc, Canada\u0027s largest pipeline operator, said on Tuesday it may have to build new pipeline capacity from its Superior, Wisconsin, storage ... Related Enbridge » Largest pipeline yet in North Dakota delayed a year, Enbridge cites Minnesota ...Minneapolis Star Tribune Enbridge Delays Pipeline for at Least a YearWSAW See all 46 sources » Related Enbridge » ReutersSee realtime coverage Euro pressured as low inflation puts heat on ECB Reuters  - ?33 minutes ago? SYDNEY (Reuters) - The euro languished near a fresh two-year trough early on Wednesday, having come under fire as a further slowdown in euro zone inflation intensified pressure for more stimulus from the European Central Bank. Related European Central Bank » Eurozone » GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar gain hits commodities; stocks drop for quarterReuters UK Euro Drops to Two-Year Low Amid Speculation on ECBBusinessweek In Depth:Global Central Banking in 2014, a Third Quarter Update for 25 EconomiesWall Street Journal (blog) See all 661 sources » Related European Central Bank » Eurozone » KWCHSee realtime coverage Delamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weakness USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - \"Regulatory capture\" may sound innocuous enough as a term, but when you hear it in action it can be chilling. Related Federal Reserve System » Elizabeth Warren » Whistleblower Reveals That the Fed and Banks are Best FriendsCare2.com What the Carmen Segarra Tapes Reveal About \u0027Spineless\u0027 RegulatorsTheStreet.com In Depth:Five things the Goldman tapes teach us about financial regulationWashington Post (blog) See all 89 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Elizabeth Warren » More Business stories Technology » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Playdate: We\u0027re livestreaming \u0027Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor\u0027 on PS4! Engadget  - ?1 hour ago? Welcome, ladygeeks and gentlenerds, to the new era of gaming. The one where you get to watch, and comment, as other people livestream gameplay from next-gen consoles. Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Launch Trailer, Making Of Videos ReleasedPlayStation LifeStyle Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Gets Action-Packed Launch TrailerBioGamer Girl Magazine Wikipedia:Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor See all 181 sources » Game Rant8 hours ago  -  Google+ With ‘Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor’ adding a new chapter to ‘The Lord of the Rings,’ we look back on games that succeeded in doing the same. http://bit.ly/1rqvwHo Top 5 ‘Lord of the Rings’ Video Games CNNSee realtime coverage New app promises Tinder experience \u0027minus the poor people\u0027 9news.com.au  - ?11 minutes ago? Wealthy singles tired of trawling the poor people of Tinder can breathe a sigh of relief as there\u0027s now a dating app for those seeking a super-rich love connection. Related Tinder » Dating » Luxy! The dating app for the 1 percent is NOT a prankSan Francisco Bay Guardian New Tinder-style app will only connect you with douchebagsDeath and Taxes Highly Cited:Luxy -- it\u0027s the Tinder app for snobsCNN See all 9 sources » Related Tinder » Dating » Android Central1 hour ago  -  Google+ This is how you fake the GPS Location on your phone to tell Tinder you\u0027re somewhere else! Tinder should really be spelled T - R - O - U - B - L - E because one of these days that\u0027s what this p…opular dating app is going to get me into! I love Tinder. I can\u0027t help it. It\u0027s not that I\u0027m… #android How to \"hack\" Tinder in under two minutes so you can browse for matches... More Technology stories Entertainment » Fox News LatinoSee realtime coverage Sisters in fashion: But sorry Kate - Mrs Clooney adds a dash of magic that shows ... Daily Mail  - ?24 minutes ago? As thousands of fans and the world\u0027s paparazzi lined the canals in Venice last weekend, there was clearly one star draw: Hollywood\u0027s most famously fanciable film star, George Clooney, was marrying at long, long last. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Marriage » Amal Alamuddin\u0027s evolving styleNew York Daily News Mr. and Mrs. Clooney get married. For real, this time ...Salt Lake Tribune (blog) Highly Cited:George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin\u0027s Intimate Wedding Album Appears in ...People Magazine Opinion:George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin auction wedding pics to highest bidderSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Amal Alamuddin See all 576 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Marriage » NBC Washington9 hours ago  -  Google+ SIMPLY, GORGEOUS. Wouldn\u0027t you agree? The first photos have been unveiled from the wedding of George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin. http://trib.al/8mWRu4X Us MagazineSee realtime coverage Tracy Morgan \"Can\u0027t Believe\" Walmart Is Blaming His Car Accident Injuries on ... Us Magazine  - ?14 minutes ago? Tracy Morgan is defending himself against Walmart\u0027s most recent claims. On Monday, Sept. 29, The Hollywood Reporter obtained court documents in which the retailer faulted the comedian for not wearing a seat belt during the six-car accident on the New ... Related Tracy Morgan » Walmart » Tracy Morgan \u0027Can\u0027t Believe\u0027 Walmart Blames Him for InjuriesNBCNews.com Tracy Morgan fires back at WalmartEntertainment Weekly Highly Cited:Walmart Faults Tracy Morgan for Not Wearing Seat Belt During Car Accident ...Hollywood Reporter Trending on Google+:Tracy Morgan Accident -- Walmart Blames Him for Not Wearing Seat BeltTMZ.com Opinion:Tracy Morgan Blasts Walmart For Blaming Truck Accident On HimBusiness Insider In Depth:Tracy Morgan: \u0027I can\u0027t believe Wal-Mart is blaming me for an accident that they ...New York Daily News See all 647 sources » Related Tracy Morgan » Walmart » Jim Fawcette2 hours ago  -  Google+ More Evidence that Walmart if Reprehensible Blaming the victim is beneath contempt Walmart is claiming that the man that was killed and several people injured when one its trucks slammed into thei…r limo because the over-worked driver fell asleep were \"partially or wholly at fault\" because not all of them were wearing seat belts.  Time.com: \"Morgan sued Walmart after a truck driver for the big box retailer struck the back of hi... Tracy Morgan Hits Back at Walmart USA TODAYSee realtime coverage In \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 music, Reznor aims \u0027to instill doubt\u0027 USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? BEVERLY HILLS - Trent Reznor wants to set the record straight. Recent online chatter implied that the tonal inspiration for the music in Gone Girl, out Friday, was the result of director David Fincher\u0027s trip to a house of ill repute. Related Gone Girl » David Fincher » Ben Affleck » Review: \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 leaps successfully from page to screenSan Jose Mercury News Gone Girl ReviewCinema Blend Opinion:\u0027Gone Girl\u0027 Writer Reveals Which Character She Most Regretted CuttingMTV.com In Depth:Coming to the screen, \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 doesn\u0027t go anywhereBoston Globe See all 219 sources » Related Gone Girl » David Fincher » Ben Affleck » People MagazineSee realtime coverage Inside Amanda Bynes\u0027s New Troubles People Magazine  - ?2 hours ago? Amanda Bynes\u0027s latest DUI arrest comes at the tail end of a string of erratic behavior. \"It\u0027s very obvious that she is not 100 percent well,\" a source who saw Bynes at her Thousand Oaks gym over the summer tells PEOPLE. Related Amanda Bynes » Amanda Bynes Arrested For Another DUI Charge, Parents Unaware Of Her ...Chinatopix Amanda Bynes\u0027 Parents Only Found Out About Recent DUI Arrest Through The ...Contactmusic.com Trending on Google+:Amanda Bynes arrested on on suspicion of DUI, dad unaware of daughter\u0027s ...Fox News Opinion:Amanda Bynes\u0027 parents don\u0027t know where she isUSA TODAY In Depth:On Amanda Bynes\u0027 DUIHuffington Post Wikipedia:Amanda Bynes See all 591 sources » Related Amanda Bynes » More Entertainment stories Sports » MLB.comSee realtime coverage Shields: Royals\u0027 maturity, drive pushed them into postseason MLB.com  - ?6 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY -- James Shields is known as \"Big Game James\" and now all of Kansas City is counting on him for the biggest game in this community\u0027s last 29 years. Related Kansas City Royals » Oakland Athletics » Photo gallery: Royals vs. Athletics in AL Wild Card GameKansas City Star Got $1.8M? Jon Lester\u0027s mansion up for saleBoston Herald Opinion:Jon Lester Vs. James Shields Is An Argument For The Second Wild CardDeadspin In Depth:Oakland Athletics @ Kansas City RoyalsFOXSports.com See all 706 sources » Related Kansas City Royals » Oakland Athletics » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area30 minutes ago  -  Google+ LET’S GO OAKLAND: The + Oakland Athletics  face off against the Kansas City Royals in tonight’s AL wild-card game. The winner advances to face the Angels in the divisional series Thursday. http://abc7ne.ws/1pEFuhM CLICK +1 if you’re rooti…ng for the A’s and SHARE this with other #Athletics fans! USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Armour: It\u0027s time for Michael Phelps to grow up USA TODAY  - ?31 minutes ago? Michael Phelps\u0027 only record that matters right now is two. As in, the number of times the Olympic champion swimmer has been busted for driving under the influence. Related Michael Phelps » Olympic Games » Michael Phelps is arrested on DUI charge againSFGate UPDATE 3-Olympic swimming champ Phelps arrested on drunken driving chargeReuters Trending on Google+:Olympic Swimmer Michael Phelps \u0027Deeply Sorry\u0027 After DUI ArrestABC News Opinion:Phelps arrest is last thing Baltimore neededBaltimore Sun In Depth:Will Michael Phelps\u0027 New DUI Charge Dim His Sponsorship Gold?NBCNews.com See all 767 sources » Related Michael Phelps » Olympic Games » US News \u0026 World Report4 hours ago  -  Google+ Police arrested Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps on a DUI charge early Tuesday, and officials say he was speeding and failed field sobriety tests when officers pulled him over Olympian Michael Phelps arrested on DUI charge - US News More Sports stories Science » Scientific AmericanSee realtime coverage Global Warming Fired Up Heat Waves in 2013 Scientific American  - ?9 hours ago? Scientists are fairly confident that global warming increased the severity and likelihood of extreme heat events in 2013 in Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Japan, China and Europe. Related Global warming » Climate change » Weather » Global Warming Fueled Australian Heat Waves And Other Extreme Events ...RedOrbit Scientists Have Identified One Of The Clearest Links Ever Between Climate ...Business Insider Australia Highly Cited:New report finds human-caused climate change increased severity of 2013 heat ...NOAA Trending on Google+:Humans have \u0027an influence\u0027 on climate change: studyMSNBC Opinion:That\u0027s some weather we\u0027re having. Is it climate change?Ars Technica See all 193 sources » Related Global warming » Climate change » Weather » Alan Lovejoy2 hours ago  -  Google+ Though Bengtsson is trying to play down the significance of his shift - \"I have always been a sceptic and I think that is what most scientists really are\" he recently told Germany\u0027s Spie…gel Online, denying that he had ever been an \"alarmist\" - his move to the GWPF is a calculated snub to the climate alarmist establishment. \"He\u0027s a big, big player. The biggest by far to change sides,\" says the GWPF\u0027s Be... Leading Climate Scientist Defects: No Longer Believes in the \u0027Consensus\u0027 RTSee realtime coverage Aral Sea: How one of the world\u0027s largest lakes turned into a ship cemetery ... RT  - ?1 hour ago? The basin of Kazakhstan\u0027s Aral Sea, once the fourth largest lake in the world, is now completely dry. The history of the sea, which derived its name from a Kyrgyz word meaning “Sea of Islands,” is revealed in a series of 10 videos. Related Aral Sea » NASA » See one of the world\u0027s largest lakes dry up, in photosQuartz The Aral Sea was once the fourth largest lake in the world. Watch it dry up.Washington Post (blog) Highly Cited:The Aral Sea: Nasa pictures show how what was once the fourth largest lake in ...The Independent Trending on Google+:Once-vast Aral Sea dries up to almost nothingCNN In Depth:World\u0027s fourth largest sea dried up completely: NASAEconomic Times See all 100 sources » Related Aral Sea » NASA » NASA7 hours ago  -  Google+ The Shrinking Aral Sea In the 1960s, the Soviet Union undertook a major water diversion project on the arid plains of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan. The region’s two major rivers, fed by s…nowmelt and precipitation in faraway mountains, were used to transform the desert into farms for cotton and other crops. Before the project, the Syr Darya and the Amu Darya rivers flowed down from the mountains, cut northwest through the Kyzylkum Des... More Science stories Health » Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Health officials looking for link between respiratory infection outbreak, paralysis ... Kansas City Star  - ?13 minutes ago? Federal health officials are investigating illnesses with paralysis-like symptoms among children in Missouri, Colorado and Virginia that may be related to the outbreak of severe respiratory infections that has swept the nation. Related Enterovirus » Paralysis » Viruses » 22 enterovirus cases confirmed from Maria FareriThe Journal News | LoHud.com Delmarva take preemptive action against Enterovirus 68Delmarva Daily Times Trending on Google+:Children-paralyzing virus spreads across 40 statesRT In Depth:Colorado\u0027s cluster of paralysis-like cases shows distinctive featuresThe Denver Post See all 553 sources » Related Enterovirus » Paralysis » Viruses » Counsel \u0026 HealSee realtime coverage Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain WebMD  - ?1 hour ago? TUESDAY, Sept. 30, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Acupuncture doesn\u0027t improve knee pain any more than \"sham\" acupuncture, according to a new study. Related Acupuncture » Impact of Acupuncture on Chronic Knee Pain QuestionedUncover California Acupuncture may not be effective for knee pain: studyWHBL Sheboygan See all 16 sources » Related Acupuncture » Lorna Salgado2 hours ago  -  Google+ //Knee pain Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain, Study Finds Acupuncture doesn\u0027t improve knee pain any more than \"sham\" acupuncture, according to a new study. \"Among p…atients older than 50 years with moderate to severe chronic knee pain, neither laser nor needle acupuncture conferred benefit over sham for pain or function,\" the study authors wrote. \"Our findings do not support acupuncture for these patie... Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain, Study Finds - US News No Difference in Survival for Different Heart Valves Forbes  - ?11 minutes ago? A new study published in JAMA suggests that younger patients who need aortic valve replacement (AVR) may now be more eligible to receive bioprosthetic valves. Related Aortic valve replacement » Artificial heart valve » Study Compares Long-Term Outcomes for Types of Aortic Valve ReplacementsNewswise (press release) Study Published in JAMA Finds Tissue Valves As Safe As Mechanical Valves in ...Virtual-Strategy Magazine (press release) In Depth:Survival and Stroke Rates Equivalent at 15 Years With Mechanical and ...Medscape See realtime coverageSee all 6 sources » Related Aortic valve replacement » Artificial heart valve » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage US Agency Reveals Drug Makers\u0027 Payments to Doctors Wall Street Journal  - ?41 minutes ago? The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services posted a database online showing payments made by makers of drugs and medical devices to physicians and teaching hospitals. Related Pharmaceutical industry » Drug, medical device companies paid billions to US physicians, hospitals in ...Reuters Find out if your doctor takes payments from drug companiesFox News See all 266 sources » Related Pharmaceutical industry » More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Ape See, Ape Do: How Chimps Learn From Other Chimps NBCNews.com - 16 minutes ago Colorado Springs teen guilty in newlywed slayings Chron.com - 9 minutes ago If not the Wizards, who has the NBA\u0027s best backcourt? USA TODAY - 19 minutes ago Weather for Mc Connell Air Force Base, Kansas Today 84° 64° Wed 86° 66° Thu 75° 50° Fri 75° 50° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB   OAK 1412122020 KC NFL   NE 14-41 Final KC Greater Wichita » Oatville Elementary, St. Patrick Catholic School named National Blue Ribbon ... Kansas.com - 3 hours ago 4 months after wreck, Lacey Deardoff moving back to KC Hutchinson News - 20 minutes ago Former Salina building inspector is found guilty of poisoning his wife KWCH - 26 minutes ago Editors\u0027 Picks Microsoft CEO Nadella Encourages Students That Emotional Quotient... Hot Hardware Staff Microsoft Skips Windows 9, Unveils Windows 10 And Windows Insider Program Hot Hardware Staff Microsoft Prediciton Lab Develops Forecast Technology Based Partially On... Hot Hardware Staff Acer Starts Shipping V Nitro Black Edition Laptops In North America Hot Hardware Staff Intel’s Basis Unveils Peak Fitness And Sleep Tracker Watch Hot Hardware Staff Learn more Spotlight » Trading Meatloaf for Oxy: This Is the Chef Memoir We\u0027ve Been Waiting For Vanity Fair - 4 hours ago Hirohito: String Puller, Not Puppet New York Times - 22 hours ago Billy Idol: Sex, Drugs, \u0027Charmed Life,\u0027 and the Crash That Nearly Killed Me TIME - 5 hours ago Q\u0026A: Peruvian Ecologist Vows \"You Fight Until You Fall Dead\" National Geographic - Sep 29, 2014 Taste the bold, full-bodied future of American coffee USA TODAY - Sep 29, 2014 Obama: US misjudged threat of Islamic State militants PBS NewsHour - Sep 28, 2014 Sunday Book Review|\u0027The Giving Tree\u0027: Tender Story of Unconditional Love or ... New York Times - 10 hours ago \u0027Masters of Sex\u0027 showrunner teases Masters and Johnson\u0027s \u0027cuckoo\u0027 lives after ... Entertainment Weekly - Sep 28, 2014 Our Invisible Rich New York Times - Sep 28, 2014 How RAM Scrapers Work: The Sneaky Tools Behind the Latest Credit Card Hacks Wired - 6 hours ago Grammy-winning violinist Joshua Bell delights masses at DC subway concert PBS NewsHour - 2 hours ago Revisiting the Lehman Brothers Bailout That Never Was New York Times - 14 hours ago Most popular First US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In Dallas NPR (blog) - 10 minutes ago Suspect Charged As Estate Agent\u0027s Body Found Sky News - 1 hour ago What to Expect From Microsoft Windows 10 ABC News - 13 minutes ago Congress grills Secret Service on White House breaches USA TODAY - 13 minutes ago Mr. and Mrs. Clooney get married. For real, this time ... Salt Lake Tribune (blog) - 11 minutes ago Michael Phelps arrested for second time on DUI charges in Baltimore Sydney Morning Herald - 15 minutes ago Tracy Morgan \"Can\u0027t Believe\" Walmart Is Blaming His Car Accident Injuries on ... Us Magazine - 14 minutes ago Speak now: a history of the \u0027protest marriage\u0027 from Hong Kong to Kiev The Guardian - 8 minutes ago Shrinking Aral Sea: From world\u0027s fourth largest lake to almost dry New Zealand Herald - 1 hour ago NFL admits mistake in penalizing Husain Abdullah for religious celebration Yahoo Sports (blog) - 9 minutes agoMiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Government confirms first case of Ebola in US MiamiHerald.com  - ?51 minutes ago? Federal health officials on Tuesday confirmed the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the U.S., a patient who recently traveled from Liberia to Dallas and a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa. Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » United States of America » 6 facts about EbolaPolitico CDC confirms first case of Ebola in USFox News Featured:First US Case of Ebola ConfirmedMother Jones Opinion:CDC Director: First U.S. Ebola Patient Critically IllDaily Beast Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 1,180 sources » Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » United States of America » wikiHow2 hours ago  -  Google+ With the CDC announcing the first diagnosed case of Ebola in the USA, it\u0027s normal to be concerned. Despite today\u0027s news, the CDC is confident that Ebola is unlikely to spread in the United Sta…tes. To learn how to prevent Ebola, and to learn more about the disease, give this page a read:  http://www.wikihow.com/Prevent-Ebola #ebola   #ebolavirus   #ebolafacts   How to Prevent Ebola Wall Street Journal Wall Street JournalCDC on US Ebola Case: \u0026#39;No Doubt\u0026#39; It Will Be Contained CDC on US Ebola Case: \u0027No Doubt\u0027 It Will Be Contained - Wall Street Journal CNN CNNCDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country CDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country - CNN Reuters ReutersCDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States CDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States - Reuters North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio First US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In Dallas Newsweek Newsweek CDC Reports First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in the United States Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Dallas hospital confirms first Ebola case in US MarketWatch MarketWatch Tekmira Pharma shares pop on first U.S. Ebola case ABC News ABC News Face-to-Face With Patients in the Ebola Ward New York Daily News New York Daily News First case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S. after infected man arrives in Texas from ... Fox News Fox News CDC confirms first case of Ebola in USMiamiHerald.com  - ?51 minutes ago?Wall Street Journal Wall Street JournalCDC on US Ebola Case: \u0026#39;No Doubt\u0026#39; It Will Be Contained CDC on US Ebola Case: \u0027No Doubt\u0027 It Will Be Contained - Wall Street Journal CNN CNNCDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country CDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country - CNN Reuters ReutersCDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States CDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States - Reuters North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio First US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In Dallas Newsweek Newsweek CDC Reports First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in the United States Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Dallas hospital confirms first Ebola case in US MarketWatch MarketWatch Tekmira Pharma shares pop on first U.S. Ebola case ABC News ABC News Face-to-Face With Patients in the Ebola Ward New York Daily News New York Daily News First case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S. after infected man arrives in Texas from ... Fox News Fox News CDC confirms first case of Ebola in USWall Street Journal Wall Street JournalCDC on US Ebola Case: \u0026#39;No Doubt\u0026#39; It Will Be Contained CDC on US Ebola Case: \u0027No Doubt\u0027 It Will Be Contained - Wall Street Journal CNN CNNCDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country CDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country - CNN Reuters ReutersCDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States CDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States - Reuters North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio First US Case Of Ebola Confirmed In Dallas Newsweek Newsweek CDC Reports First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in the United States Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Dallas hospital confirms first Ebola case in US MarketWatch MarketWatch Tekmira Pharma shares pop on first U.S. Ebola case ABC News ABC News Face-to-Face With Patients in the Ebola Ward New York Daily News New York Daily News First case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S. after infected man arrives in Texas from ... Fox News Fox News CDC confirms first case of Ebola in USCDC on US Ebola Case: \u0027No Doubt\u0027 It Will Be Contained - Wall Street JournalCDC: We will stop Ebola in its tracks in this country - CNNCDC confirms first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States - ReutersUSA TODAYSee realtime coverage Congress grills Secret Service on White House breaches USA TODAY  - ?13 minutes ago? WASHINGTON - Secret Service Director Julia Pierson faced a withering critique of her brief leadership Tuesday before a House committee in wake of mounting disclosures about dramatic breaches of White House security. Related United States Secret Service » White House » Julia Pierson » White House intruder tip of icebergChicago Sun-Times Should Secret Service have shot White House fence jumper? (+video)Christian Science Monitor Opinion:The Secret Service and the White House IntruderNew York Times In Depth:Secret Service Draws Fire Over Security LapsesWall Street Journal Live Updating:Live blog and video of Secret Service director\u0027s testimony to House committeeMarketWatch (blog) Wikipedia:United States Secret Service See all 1,944 sources » Related United States Secret Service » White House » Julia Pierson » Trey Harris7 hours ago  -  Google+ Secret Service hearing shockers: Self-important House members grandstanding, throwing brickbats; GOP doesn\u0027t understand the difference between mental illness and criminality At first blush, it\u0026#…39;s really dumb that the House Oversight Committee is having its public hearing today with Secret Service Director Julia Pierson before it reconvenes for the classified briefing. But it seems pretty clear, even after just the first 90 minutes, ...USA TODAY  - ?13 minutes ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Hong Kong protesters dig in over election reforms CBS News  - ?23 minutes ago? HONG KONG - A showdown is developing in Hong Kong, where protesters are demanding that China butt out of upcoming elections. Video shot from a drone shows tens of thousands jamming block after block. Related Hong Kong » Hong Kong protest leaders gear up for massive holiday rallies amid fears of ...National Post What\u0027s At Stake in Hong KongTIME In Depth:Hong Kong protests holding strong through lightning, rainCBC.ca See all 7,116 sources » Related Hong Kong » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ China Accuses U.S. of Fomenting Hong Kong Protests http://b4in.org/e9Eq Has the U.S. Egged On the Protests? The mass demonstrations in Hong Kong are dramatic, indeed. And given that Hong Kong has long enjoyed a more li…beral existence under British rule, protests against a more authoritarian Chinese government (or at least it used to be more authoritarian) are not entirely surprising. But Chinese officials accuse the U.S. of egging on the protests.  As the Wall St...CBS News  - ?23 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage With Windows 10, a contrite Microsoft will try to atone for Windows 8 mistakes PCWorld  - ?8 minutes ago? Humbled by businesses\u0027 dislike for Windows 8, Microsoft has issued a mea culpa, offered the world a first peek at Windows 10 and pledged that the new OS will delight IT executives. Related Microsoft Windows » Microsoft Corporation » Windows 8 » What to Expect From Microsoft Windows 10ABC News Years after burning loyal PC users, Microsoft asks forgiveness with Windows 10Digital Trends Featured:Microsoft Unveils Windows 10 With Revamped Start MenuLaptop Mag (blog) Trending on Google+:Windows 10 is the official name for Microsoft\u0027s next version of WindowsThe Verge Opinion:Microsoft Math: Add 1 to Windows 8 and You Get Windows 10?The Mac Observer In Depth:A First Look at Microsoft\u0027s Windows 10PC Magazine See all 1,315 sources » Related Microsoft Windows » Microsoft Corporation » Windows 8 » MacRumors1 hour ago  -  Google+ Microsoft today unveiled its next-generation Windows operating system, Windows 10, previewing the OS at an event in San Francisco focused on its corporate users. Like Windows 8, Windows 10 utilizes li…ve tiles, but it also draws in design elements from Windows 7 to make it more appealing to users… Microsoft Gives Early Look at Windows 10 Featuring Windows 7 Elements, Broad...PCWorld  - ?8 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Ebola Outbreak in Nigeria Appears to Be Contained New York Times  - ?35 minutes ago? A student washed her hands as classes resumed in Lagos last week. Credit Akintunde Akinleye/Reuters. Continue reading the main story. Related Ebola » Liberia » Worst Ebola outbreak on record tests global responseReuters UN Ebola Mission Kicks Off Amid Questions About SafetyVoice of America Opinion:Buchanan: Ebola forecasters can\u0027t know how bad it will beNewsday Wikipedia:Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia See all 2,014 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » ModernGhana.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola outbreak nears end in Nigeria: US - Washington AFP - The Ebola outbreak in Nigeria is almost over, US health officials said Tuesday, in a rare sign of authorities turning the tide on the highly …contagious disease that has killed more than 3,000 in West Africa.But in a fresh setback to the global fight against the virus, the United States almost simultaneously said an Ebola case had been diagnosed there for the first time in a ... http://ow.ly/2Osgsx Ebola outbreak nears end in Nigeria: USNew York Times  - ?35 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage US STOCKS-Wall St ends down for day, month; indexes gain in qtr Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK, Sept 30 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed. September lives up to \u0027rep\u0027 as worst month for stocksUSA TODAY Stocks slip, leaving S\u0026P 500 down for SeptemberThe Herald Bulletin See all 172 sources »Reuters  - ?1 hour ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Kurds seize Iraq-Syria border post from Islamic State with support of Sunni tribe Sydney Morning Herald  - ?43 minutes ago? Erbil, Iraq/Mursitpinar, Turkey: Iraqi Kurdish troops drove Islamic State fighters from a strategic border crossing with Syria on Tuesday and won the support of members of a major Sunni tribe, in one of the biggest successes since US forces began bombing the ... Related Syria » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Potential anti-IS action motion submitted to Turkish parliamentXinhua Turkey moves to use force in Syria and IraqUSA TODAY From Iraq:Kurds Outraged as Turkey Closes Border to Volunteers for KobaneRudaw Opinion:Turkey mulls permit for incursions in Syria, IraqBoston Herald See all 4,138 sources » Related Syria » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria »Sydney Morning Herald  - ?43 minutes ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Thailand Proposes Tourist Wristbands After Murders Prompt Concerns TIME  - ?2 hours ago? Thailand\u0027s tourism minister said Tuesday that visitors to the country will receive identification wristbands listing emergency contact information, a heightened safety precaution in the wake of the murders of two British tourists this month. Related Tourism » Murder » Thai tourism minister wants wristbands for tourists, party curfewsDaily Times Kobkarn backs ID wristbands for touristsBangkok Post From Thailand:PhuketWATCH Thailand\u0027s Tourist Thaiband; HK Protest Growing; Burma\u0027s ...Phuketwan See all 168 sources » Related Tourism » Murder »TIME  - ?2 hours ago?TIMESee realtime coverage ISIS is the Antithesis of the Holy Pilgrimage TIME  - ?2 hours ago? Crowd at Kaaba ahead of upcoming Eid al-Adha Muslim pilgrims from all around the world circle counterclockwise Islam\u0027s holiest shrine, the Kaaba, ahead of upcoming Eid Al-Adha (Feast of Sacrifice) at Masjid al-Haram (the Grand Mosque) in the Muslim ... Related Hajj » Mecca » Hajj pilgrims denounce ISIS \u0027virus\u0027The Daily Star High-Tech Hajj: 10 Ways Engineering Rocks the Casbah (and Mecca!)Al-Bawaba Opinion:Muslim pilgrims denounce IS but doubt US-led warNew Vision In Depth:Mecca On Alert As Hajj Begins And ISIS Concerns GrowHuffington Post See all 99 sources » Related Hajj » Mecca »TIME  - ?2 hours ago?Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Afghan pact signed amid questions on Iraq pullout Businessweek  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (AP) - After lengthy delays, U.S. and Afghan officials signed a security pact Tuesday to keep American troops in Afghanistan beyond year\u0027s end, aiming to prevent the country from descending into the kind of chaos that has plagued Iraq ... Related Afghanistan » United States of America » US to keep troops in Afghanistan post-2014The Express Tribune Afghanistan signs deal to keep US troopsTelegraph.co.uk Featured:New Afghanistan pact means America\u0027s longest war will last until at least 2024The Guardian See all 414 sources » Related Afghanistan » United States of America » ShAhZaIb MaHmOoD dHiLlOn11 hours ago  -  Google+ Bilateral deal allowing US troops to stay in Afghanistan set to be signed in Kabul ‘A deal allowing 10,000 American troops to remain in Afghanistan is expected to be signed on Tuesday in Kabul, but …not necessarily by new Afghan president Ashraf Ghani, who may delegate the controversial task to a more junior member of his new government. White House adviser John Podesta, who is leading a delegation to Ghani’s inauguration, confirmed during a pr...Businessweek  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Where a Volcano Eruption Like Japan\u0027s Mount Ontake Is Mostly Likely in the US ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Could a deadly volcano eruption like Mount Ontake\u0027s in Japan happen here in the United States? It\u0027s possible, U.S. Geological Survey scientist John Ewert told ABC News today. Related Volcanoes » Mount Ontake » Japan » Japan volcano shows signs of second dangerous eruption as rescuers thwarted ...ABC Online Search abandoned on Mount Ontake in Japan after strong tremorseuronews From Japan:Rescue teams suspend search on Mount Ontake as tremors worsenThe Japan Times Opinion:Q\u0026A: Veteran Volcano Climber on the Allure, Danger of Japan\u0027s \"Holy Mountain\"National Geographic In Depth:Is it volcano season? From Japan to Iceland, scientists probe the reasons why ...National Post Wikipedia:2014 Mount Ontake eruption See all 424 sources » Related Volcanoes » Mount Ontake » Japan »ABC News  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Pipe bombs found by police tracking Pennsylvania ambush suspect Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? BLOOMING GROVE Pa. (Reuters) - A pair of pipe bombs was discovered by teams searching the Pocono Mountains for Eric Frein, the survivalist suspected in an ambush of two Pennsylvania state troopers that killed one of them, a police official said on ... Related Police » Pennsylvania » Police on Pa. manhunt find pipe bombs in woodsThe Detroit News State Police Show Two Pipe Bombs They Frein Left BehindPA home page In Depth:Police on manhunt find pipe bombs in woodsChron.com See all 272 sources » Related Police » Pennsylvania » FOX434 hours ago  -  Google+ Two pipe bombs found during search for suspect Eric Frein. The pipe bombs were among items recovered that “undoubtedly confirms” Frein’s presence in the wooded area, said Pennsylvania State Police . Two pipe bombs found during search for suspect Eric FreinReuters  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Jury Convicts Colorado Teen in Newlywed Slayings ABC News  - ?10 minutes ago? It took a jury in Colorado Springs, Colorado, less than four hours to convict teenager of killing a Fort Carson soldier and his pregnant wife during a burglary. Teen Found Guilty Murders Of Soldier, Pregnant WifeKKTV 11 News See all 19 sources » Related: Juries » Colorado Springs » Fort Carson »ABC News  - ?10 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Video, photos limited for theater shooting trial USA TODAY  - ?34 minutes ago? DENVER (AP) - News organizations won\u0027t be allowed to have their own cameras in the courtroom during the Colorado theater shooting trial, but they can use video and still images from a closed-circuit TV camera already in the courtroom. Related Theatre » Camera Allowed for Colorado Theater Shooter James Holmes\u0027 TrialNBCNews.com Colorado movie theater massacre trial may be televised, judge rulesKFGO See all 28 sources » Related Theatre »USA TODAY  - ?34 minutes ago?Washington TimesSee realtime coverage Administration urges rejection of Brewer\u0027s appeal seattlepi.com  - ?19 minutes ago? PHOENIX (AP) - The Obama administration has urged a court to reject Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer\u0027s appeal of a ruling that blocks the state from denying driver\u0027s licenses to young immigrants who have avoided deportation under a change ordered by the ... Feds: Arizona lacks authority to ban licenses for DreamersArizona Daily Star See all 45 sources » Related: Immigration » Arizona » The White House7 hours ago  -  Google+ Just announced: President Obama will head to + Northwestern University  on Thursday to make the case for what has always fueled America\u0027s leadership—our economic greatness ? http://go.wh.gov/8GEYehseattlepi.com  - ?19 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage EBay to Spin Off PayPal, Adopting Icahn\u0027s Strategy New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Photo. A PayPal employee demonstrates pay options.Credit Beck Diefenbach/Reuters. EBay said on Tuesday that it would spin off its PayPal payments unit into a separate publicly traded company, taking a step the activist hedge fund magnate Carl C. Icahn ... Related eBay » PayPal » At Long Last, eBay Sets PayPal FreeSlate Magazine (blog) PayPal to split from eBay in 2015 flotationThe Punch Opinion:EBay CEO John Donahoe talks PayPal spin-off, mobile payUSA TODAY In Depth:Icahn Campaign Led EBay to Mask Openness to PayPal SplitBusinessweek Wikipedia:eBay See all 916 sources » Related eBay » PayPal » Bloomberg View3 hours ago  -  Google+ Why EBay Is Freeing PayPal - Katie Benner explores what forced online retailer eBay to spin off its digital payments powerhouse, PayPal. Hint: Carl Icahn helped move things along. http://bv.ms/1rqYZRA Why EBay Is Freeing PayPalNew York Times  - ?28 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage In Trying to Save Darden, Its Board Sealed Its Own Demise New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Photo. Credit Harry Campbell. Gestures of futile nobility seem mostly confined to the movies these days. And yet the directors of Darden Restaurants, the owner of Olive Garden and other quintessentially American restaurant chains, may have decided that ... Related Darden Restaurants » Egan-Jones sides with Darden in Starboard proxy fightReuters ISS, Glass Lewis Recommend For All Of Starboard\u0027\u0027s Nominees For DardenNASDAQ See all 21 sources » Related Darden Restaurants »New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?Financial PostSee realtime coverage UPDATE 1-Enbridge eyes Mainline oil pipe expansion if demand strong Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? (Updates throughout with details and company quotes). By Julie Gordon and Scott Haggett. Sept 30 (Reuters) - Enbridge Inc, Canada\u0027s largest pipeline operator, said on Tuesday it may have to build new pipeline capacity from its Superior, Wisconsin, storage ... Related Enbridge » Largest pipeline yet in North Dakota delayed a year, Enbridge cites Minnesota ...Minneapolis Star Tribune Enbridge Delays Pipeline for at Least a YearWSAW See all 46 sources » Related Enbridge »Reuters  - ?3 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Euro pressured as low inflation puts heat on ECB Reuters  - ?33 minutes ago? SYDNEY (Reuters) - The euro languished near a fresh two-year trough early on Wednesday, having come under fire as a further slowdown in euro zone inflation intensified pressure for more stimulus from the European Central Bank. Related European Central Bank » Eurozone » GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar gain hits commodities; stocks drop for quarterReuters UK Euro Drops to Two-Year Low Amid Speculation on ECBBusinessweek In Depth:Global Central Banking in 2014, a Third Quarter Update for 25 EconomiesWall Street Journal (blog) See all 661 sources » Related European Central Bank » Eurozone »Reuters  - ?33 minutes ago?KWCHSee realtime coverage Delamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weakness USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - \"Regulatory capture\" may sound innocuous enough as a term, but when you hear it in action it can be chilling. Related Federal Reserve System » Elizabeth Warren » Whistleblower Reveals That the Fed and Banks are Best FriendsCare2.com What the Carmen Segarra Tapes Reveal About \u0027Spineless\u0027 RegulatorsTheStreet.com In Depth:Five things the Goldman tapes teach us about financial regulationWashington Post (blog) See all 89 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Elizabeth Warren »USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Playdate: We\u0027re livestreaming \u0027Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor\u0027 on PS4! Engadget  - ?1 hour ago? Welcome, ladygeeks and gentlenerds, to the new era of gaming. The one where you get to watch, and comment, as other people livestream gameplay from next-gen consoles. Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Launch Trailer, Making Of Videos ReleasedPlayStation LifeStyle Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Gets Action-Packed Launch TrailerBioGamer Girl Magazine Wikipedia:Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor See all 181 sources » Game Rant8 hours ago  -  Google+ With ‘Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor’ adding a new chapter to ‘The Lord of the Rings,’ we look back on games that succeeded in doing the same. http://bit.ly/1rqvwHo Top 5 ‘Lord of the Rings’ Video GamesEngadget  - ?1 hour ago?CNNSee realtime coverage New app promises Tinder experience \u0027minus the poor people\u0027 9news.com.au  - ?11 minutes ago? Wealthy singles tired of trawling the poor people of Tinder can breathe a sigh of relief as there\u0027s now a dating app for those seeking a super-rich love connection. Related Tinder » Dating » Luxy! The dating app for the 1 percent is NOT a prankSan Francisco Bay Guardian New Tinder-style app will only connect you with douchebagsDeath and Taxes Highly Cited:Luxy -- it\u0027s the Tinder app for snobsCNN See all 9 sources » Related Tinder » Dating » Android Central1 hour ago  -  Google+ This is how you fake the GPS Location on your phone to tell Tinder you\u0027re somewhere else! Tinder should really be spelled T - R - O - U - B - L - E because one of these days that\u0027s what this p…opular dating app is going to get me into! I love Tinder. I can\u0027t help it. It\u0027s not that I\u0027m… #android How to \"hack\" Tinder in under two minutes so you can browse for matches...9news.com.au  - ?11 minutes ago?Fox News LatinoSee realtime coverage Sisters in fashion: But sorry Kate - Mrs Clooney adds a dash of magic that shows ... Daily Mail  - ?24 minutes ago? As thousands of fans and the world\u0027s paparazzi lined the canals in Venice last weekend, there was clearly one star draw: Hollywood\u0027s most famously fanciable film star, George Clooney, was marrying at long, long last. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Marriage » Amal Alamuddin\u0027s evolving styleNew York Daily News Mr. and Mrs. Clooney get married. For real, this time ...Salt Lake Tribune (blog) Highly Cited:George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin\u0027s Intimate Wedding Album Appears in ...People Magazine Opinion:George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin auction wedding pics to highest bidderSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Amal Alamuddin See all 576 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Marriage » NBC Washington9 hours ago  -  Google+ SIMPLY, GORGEOUS. Wouldn\u0027t you agree? The first photos have been unveiled from the wedding of George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin. http://trib.al/8mWRu4XDaily Mail  - ?24 minutes ago?Us MagazineSee realtime coverage Tracy Morgan \"Can\u0027t Believe\" Walmart Is Blaming His Car Accident Injuries on ... Us Magazine  - ?14 minutes ago? Tracy Morgan is defending himself against Walmart\u0027s most recent claims. On Monday, Sept. 29, The Hollywood Reporter obtained court documents in which the retailer faulted the comedian for not wearing a seat belt during the six-car accident on the New ... Related Tracy Morgan » Walmart » Tracy Morgan \u0027Can\u0027t Believe\u0027 Walmart Blames Him for InjuriesNBCNews.com Tracy Morgan fires back at WalmartEntertainment Weekly Highly Cited:Walmart Faults Tracy Morgan for Not Wearing Seat Belt During Car Accident ...Hollywood Reporter Trending on Google+:Tracy Morgan Accident -- Walmart Blames Him for Not Wearing Seat BeltTMZ.com Opinion:Tracy Morgan Blasts Walmart For Blaming Truck Accident On HimBusiness Insider In Depth:Tracy Morgan: \u0027I can\u0027t believe Wal-Mart is blaming me for an accident that they ...New York Daily News See all 647 sources » Related Tracy Morgan » Walmart » Jim Fawcette2 hours ago  -  Google+ More Evidence that Walmart if Reprehensible Blaming the victim is beneath contempt Walmart is claiming that the man that was killed and several people injured when one its trucks slammed into thei…r limo because the over-worked driver fell asleep were \"partially or wholly at fault\" because not all of them were wearing seat belts.  Time.com: \"Morgan sued Walmart after a truck driver for the big box retailer struck the back of hi... Tracy Morgan Hits Back at WalmartUs Magazine  - ?14 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage In \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 music, Reznor aims \u0027to instill doubt\u0027 USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? BEVERLY HILLS - Trent Reznor wants to set the record straight. Recent online chatter implied that the tonal inspiration for the music in Gone Girl, out Friday, was the result of director David Fincher\u0027s trip to a house of ill repute. Related Gone Girl » David Fincher » Ben Affleck » Review: \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 leaps successfully from page to screenSan Jose Mercury News Gone Girl ReviewCinema Blend Opinion:\u0027Gone Girl\u0027 Writer Reveals Which Character She Most Regretted CuttingMTV.com In Depth:Coming to the screen, \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 doesn\u0027t go anywhereBoston Globe See all 219 sources » Related Gone Girl » David Fincher » Ben Affleck »USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?People MagazineSee realtime coverage Inside Amanda Bynes\u0027s New Troubles People Magazine  - ?2 hours ago? Amanda Bynes\u0027s latest DUI arrest comes at the tail end of a string of erratic behavior. \"It\u0027s very obvious that she is not 100 percent well,\" a source who saw Bynes at her Thousand Oaks gym over the summer tells PEOPLE. Related Amanda Bynes » Amanda Bynes Arrested For Another DUI Charge, Parents Unaware Of Her ...Chinatopix Amanda Bynes\u0027 Parents Only Found Out About Recent DUI Arrest Through The ...Contactmusic.com Trending on Google+:Amanda Bynes arrested on on suspicion of DUI, dad unaware of daughter\u0027s ...Fox News Opinion:Amanda Bynes\u0027 parents don\u0027t know where she isUSA TODAY In Depth:On Amanda Bynes\u0027 DUIHuffington Post Wikipedia:Amanda Bynes See all 591 sources » Related Amanda Bynes »People Magazine  - ?2 hours ago?MLB.comSee realtime coverage Shields: Royals\u0027 maturity, drive pushed them into postseason MLB.com  - ?6 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY -- James Shields is known as \"Big Game James\" and now all of Kansas City is counting on him for the biggest game in this community\u0027s last 29 years. Related Kansas City Royals » Oakland Athletics » Photo gallery: Royals vs. Athletics in AL Wild Card GameKansas City Star Got $1.8M? Jon Lester\u0027s mansion up for saleBoston Herald Opinion:Jon Lester Vs. James Shields Is An Argument For The Second Wild CardDeadspin In Depth:Oakland Athletics @ Kansas City RoyalsFOXSports.com See all 706 sources » Related Kansas City Royals » Oakland Athletics » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area30 minutes ago  -  Google+ LET’S GO OAKLAND: The + Oakland Athletics  face off against the Kansas City Royals in tonight’s AL wild-card game. The winner advances to face the Angels in the divisional series Thursday. http://abc7ne.ws/1pEFuhM CLICK +1 if you’re rooti…ng for the A’s and SHARE this with other #Athletics fans!MLB.com  - ?6 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Armour: It\u0027s time for Michael Phelps to grow up USA TODAY  - ?31 minutes ago? Michael Phelps\u0027 only record that matters right now is two. As in, the number of times the Olympic champion swimmer has been busted for driving under the influence. Related Michael Phelps » Olympic Games » Michael Phelps is arrested on DUI charge againSFGate UPDATE 3-Olympic swimming champ Phelps arrested on drunken driving chargeReuters Trending on Google+:Olympic Swimmer Michael Phelps \u0027Deeply Sorry\u0027 After DUI ArrestABC News Opinion:Phelps arrest is last thing Baltimore neededBaltimore Sun In Depth:Will Michael Phelps\u0027 New DUI Charge Dim His Sponsorship Gold?NBCNews.com See all 767 sources » Related Michael Phelps » Olympic Games » US News \u0026 World Report4 hours ago  -  Google+ Police arrested Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps on a DUI charge early Tuesday, and officials say he was speeding and failed field sobriety tests when officers pulled him over Olympian Michael Phelps arrested on DUI charge - US NewsUSA TODAY  - ?31 minutes ago?Scientific AmericanSee realtime coverage Global Warming Fired Up Heat Waves in 2013 Scientific American  - ?9 hours ago? Scientists are fairly confident that global warming increased the severity and likelihood of extreme heat events in 2013 in Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Japan, China and Europe. Related Global warming » Climate change » Weather » Global Warming Fueled Australian Heat Waves And Other Extreme Events ...RedOrbit Scientists Have Identified One Of The Clearest Links Ever Between Climate ...Business Insider Australia Highly Cited:New report finds human-caused climate change increased severity of 2013 heat ...NOAA Trending on Google+:Humans have \u0027an influence\u0027 on climate change: studyMSNBC Opinion:That\u0027s some weather we\u0027re having. Is it climate change?Ars Technica See all 193 sources » Related Global warming » Climate change » Weather » Alan Lovejoy2 hours ago  -  Google+ Though Bengtsson is trying to play down the significance of his shift - \"I have always been a sceptic and I think that is what most scientists really are\" he recently told Germany\u0027s Spie…gel Online, denying that he had ever been an \"alarmist\" - his move to the GWPF is a calculated snub to the climate alarmist establishment. \"He\u0027s a big, big player. The biggest by far to change sides,\" says the GWPF\u0027s Be... Leading Climate Scientist Defects: No Longer Believes in the \u0027Consensus\u0027Scientific American  - ?9 hours ago?RTSee realtime coverage Aral Sea: How one of the world\u0027s largest lakes turned into a ship cemetery ... RT  - ?1 hour ago? The basin of Kazakhstan\u0027s Aral Sea, once the fourth largest lake in the world, is now completely dry. The history of the sea, which derived its name from a Kyrgyz word meaning “Sea of Islands,” is revealed in a series of 10 videos. Related Aral Sea » NASA » See one of the world\u0027s largest lakes dry up, in photosQuartz The Aral Sea was once the fourth largest lake in the world. Watch it dry up.Washington Post (blog) Highly Cited:The Aral Sea: Nasa pictures show how what was once the fourth largest lake in ...The Independent Trending on Google+:Once-vast Aral Sea dries up to almost nothingCNN In Depth:World\u0027s fourth largest sea dried up completely: NASAEconomic Times See all 100 sources » Related Aral Sea » NASA » NASA7 hours ago  -  Google+ The Shrinking Aral Sea In the 1960s, the Soviet Union undertook a major water diversion project on the arid plains of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan. The region’s two major rivers, fed by s…nowmelt and precipitation in faraway mountains, were used to transform the desert into farms for cotton and other crops. Before the project, the Syr Darya and the Amu Darya rivers flowed down from the mountains, cut northwest through the Kyzylkum Des...RT  - ?1 hour ago?Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Health officials looking for link between respiratory infection outbreak, paralysis ... Kansas City Star  - ?13 minutes ago? Federal health officials are investigating illnesses with paralysis-like symptoms among children in Missouri, Colorado and Virginia that may be related to the outbreak of severe respiratory infections that has swept the nation. Related Enterovirus » Paralysis » Viruses » 22 enterovirus cases confirmed from Maria FareriThe Journal News | LoHud.com Delmarva take preemptive action against Enterovirus 68Delmarva Daily Times Trending on Google+:Children-paralyzing virus spreads across 40 statesRT In Depth:Colorado\u0027s cluster of paralysis-like cases shows distinctive featuresThe Denver Post See all 553 sources » Related Enterovirus » Paralysis » Viruses »Kansas City Star  - ?13 minutes ago?Counsel \u0026 HealSee realtime coverage Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain WebMD  - ?1 hour ago? TUESDAY, Sept. 30, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Acupuncture doesn\u0027t improve knee pain any more than \"sham\" acupuncture, according to a new study. Related Acupuncture » Impact of Acupuncture on Chronic Knee Pain QuestionedUncover California Acupuncture may not be effective for knee pain: studyWHBL Sheboygan See all 16 sources » Related Acupuncture » Lorna Salgado2 hours ago  -  Google+ //Knee pain Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain, Study Finds Acupuncture doesn\u0027t improve knee pain any more than \"sham\" acupuncture, according to a new study. \"Among p…atients older than 50 years with moderate to severe chronic knee pain, neither laser nor needle acupuncture conferred benefit over sham for pain or function,\" the study authors wrote. \"Our findings do not support acupuncture for these patie... Acupuncture May Not Help Chronic Knee Pain, Study Finds - US NewsWebMD  - ?1 hour ago?No Difference in Survival for Different Heart Valves Forbes  - ?11 minutes ago? A new study published in JAMA suggests that younger patients who need aortic valve replacement (AVR) may now be more eligible to receive bioprosthetic valves. Related Aortic valve replacement » Artificial heart valve » Study Compares Long-Term Outcomes for Types of Aortic Valve ReplacementsNewswise (press release) Study Published in JAMA Finds Tissue Valves As Safe As Mechanical Valves in ...Virtual-Strategy Magazine (press release) In Depth:Survival and Stroke Rates Equivalent at 15 Years With Mechanical and ...Medscape See realtime coverageSee all 6 sources » Related Aortic valve replacement » Artificial heart valve »Forbes  - ?11 minutes ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage US Agency Reveals Drug Makers\u0027 Payments to Doctors Wall Street Journal  - ?41 minutes ago? The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services posted a database online showing payments made by makers of drugs and medical devices to physicians and teaching hospitals. Related Pharmaceutical industry » Drug, medical device companies paid billions to US physicians, hospitals in ...Reuters Find out if your doctor takes payments from drug companiesFox News See all 266 sources » Related Pharmaceutical industry »Wall Street Journal  - ?41 minutes ago?Today 84° 64° Wed 86° 66° Thu 75° 50° Fri 75° 50°Today YesterdayMLB  OAK 1412122020 KCNFL  NE 14-41 Final KC -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":1,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":32,"second":39},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
