{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentDomestic Terrorism Task Force \u0027More Than Overdue,\u0027 Experts SayObama intervenes in Philadelphia rail strikeKings\u0027 Second Stanley Cup in Three Seasons Defies Cap LogicMLBNHLMLBAnaheim, California » - Change locationVigil planned for transgender activist found dead in AnaheimSanta Ana man found dead in Anaheim parking lotMR. ANAHEIM: Long before the Angels, the A\u0027s made Anaheim home for springEditors\u0027 PicksLos Angeles Named Finalist for US Olympic BidLAPD Chief Hears from West Valley ResidentsNorth Hills VA Center Flagged in National AuditNo Felony Charges for Bieber in Phone IncidentValley Coalition Formed to Advocate for RailSpotlight »Treadmill Washes Your ClothesArctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner talks Bonnaroo,Air traffic controllers working exhausting schedules, report findsHigh-End Hermès Handbags at Center of Suit Against Christie\u0027sGet the occasional halitosis? 10 tips to taming dragon breath7 questions to ask before you eat that shrimpGeorge Takei Is Still Guiding the ShipFly Found With Da Vinci Princess Spurs a MysteryHow to combat the tightening grip of inequality around the globeFrom Untended Farmland, Reserve Tries to Recreate Wilderness From Long AgoRiders Catch a Fire-Hose Wave: Straight Up10 best bucket-list sporting eventsMost popularIraq crisis: Threat of new jihadist foe forces President Obama\u0027s hand in rethink of ...Kim Kardashian pictured looking ice cool in sexy white bikini on honeymoon with ...Mom: 3-year-old forced to urinate in seat on planeVast ocean trapped under core of Earth, scientists sayObama Mocks Lawmakers Who Deny Climate ChangeAmazon under investigation after worker was crushed to death in their huge ...Iraq violence threatening OPEC\u0027s precarious balanceUkraine crisis: Kiev pledges to punish \u0027terrorism\u0027 that threatens the stability of the ...US aircraft carrier to Persian GulfMissing girl found after all-night search in Marin County","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesObama Mocks Lawmakers Who Deny Climate ChangeShiite militia seizes control of Iraqi town, slowing ISIS drive toward BaghdadSeparatists Down Military Transport Jet, Killing 49 in Eastern UkraineUncertainty for Gay Couples Married in WisconsinKings\u0027 Second Stanley Cup in Three Seasons Defies Cap LogicIraq violence threatening OPEC\u0027s precarious balanceWorld »Afghan voters brave Taliban threats to choose new presidentIran\u0027s Rouhani: Nuclear Deal Possible by July 20Why were kidnapped Israeli teens hitchhiking in the West Bank?Hagel orders US aircraft carrier to Persian GulfU.S. »Army says Bergdahl not joined by family upon returnLas Vegas officer remembered as loving family manFor Businesses and the GOP, a Cantor EffectBusiness »Obama signs order, averting lengthy SEPTA rail strikeDeaths at Amazon\u0027s fulfillment centers raises concerns, Labor Department ...US Transportation, Healthcare Employees to have impressive Pay RaiseTechnology »Google To Launch Health Service like Samsung, Apple - Google FitAmazon Mayday button with 9.75 response time sets precedent for businessesFCC to review to Netflix, Verizon disputeEntertainment »Would You See This Version Of \u002722 Jump Street\u0027?Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Daughter River RoseKit Harington Dishes More Dirt on \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 Finale!Kim Kardashian Cheers On Kanye West in Sheer Top at Bonnaroo 2014—See ...The remarkable reinvention of Angelina JolieSports »FIFA World Cup 2014: England vs Italy LiveOpen shows golf needs Tiger Woods to bridge the gap until the next Tiger ...WATCH: Jimmy Rollins breaks Mike Schmidt\u0027s Phillies hit recordGreg Cote: Miami Heat must overcome adversity, history to accomplish what\u0027s ...Costa Rica upsets Uruguay at World CupScience »NASA spacecraft to search for Oceans on Pluto\u0027s Moon CharonWorld\u0027s largest ocean may lie below the ocean floorHealth »4000 pounds of beef, some at Whole Foods, recalled over fears of mad cow ...Salmonella found in health food powder sickens 21 in USRecentAnaheim, California » - Change locationEditors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 15 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 15 2013 2014 2015MAY JUN JUL152013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Obama Mocks Lawmakers Who Deny Climate Change New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? President Obama speaks at a commencement ceremony at the University of California, Irvine, on Saturday. Credit Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times. Related Climate change » University of California, Irvine » Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speechFox News Obama Asks College Grads to Take on Climate-Change DeniersBloomberg Opinion:Obama Slams GOP For Using \u0027Not A Scientist\u0027 Line On Climate ChangeHuffington Post In Depth:Obama calls for action on climate change, takes aim at doubtersLos Angeles Times - by James Queally See all 212 sources » Related Climate change » University of California, Irvine » NBC Bay Area2 hours ago  -  Google+ President Barack Obama said denying climate change is like arguing the moon is made of cheese, as he challenged a young, \"super underrated\" generation to take on climate change during a UC I…rvine commencement speech Saturday. http://nbcbay.com/o8TrOJw ABC News ABC News Climate Change Denial -- Like Saying Moon\u0027s Made of Cheese? Fox News Fox News Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speech The State The State Obama lambastes climate change deniers as \u0027radical fringe\u0027 in California speech Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Obama says climate change deniers ignoring science Press-Enterprise (blog) Press-Enterprise (blog) OBAMA VISIT: President back in Palm Springs after whirlwind SoCal day Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Obama renews climate change push KSDK KSDK Obama tells grads to solve climate change NBC Southern California NBC Southern California Obama Tackles Climate Change in UC Irvine Commencement Speech KESQ KESQ President, First Lady land in Palm Springs for weekend visit Business Insider Business Insider President Obama Is Giving The Commencement Speech At UC Irvine This ... The Slatest (blog) The Slatest (blog) Obama: Denying Climate Change Is Like Saying the Moon Is “Made of Cheese” KESQ KESQ Source: Malia will join President Obama, First Lady for Father\u0027s Day weekend KESQ KESQ President Leaves Palm Springs for Events In Orange County Salon Salon Obamas kick off long weekend in California Westside Today Westside Today President Obama Returns to Southern California This Weekend NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Announces Climate Change Fund During Commencement Address MSNBC MSNBC Obama calls for action on climate change \u0027before it\u0027s too late\u0027 Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Shiite militia seizes control of Iraqi town, slowing ISIS drive toward Baghdad Washington Post  - ?18 minutes ago? IRBIL, Iraq - An Iraqi general said Saturday that Baghdad was secure, as hundreds of Iraqis converged on volunteer centers across the capital in response to a call by Iraq\u0027s highest Shiite cleric to fight back against a Sunni jihadist group making rapid gains ... Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iraqi PM orders troops to make stand in Samarra; US sends aircraft carrierCNN The Terrorist Army Marching on BaghdadWall Street Journal Opinion:5 Principles for IraqNew York Times In Depth:Obama Positions Aircraft Carrier as Iraqis Await StrikesBusinessweek Wikipedia:2014 Northern Iraq offensive See all 9,501 sources » Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Michael Schobel11 hours ago  -  Google+ #syria . The Syria branch of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has put fighting on hold in Syria while it brings in weapons seized inside neighboring Iraq, a monitoring group that tracks the vi…olence said on Friday. Syria Islamist militants pause and reinforce from Iraq - Al Arabiya News New York TimesSee realtime coverage Separatists Down Military Transport Jet, Killing 49 in Eastern Ukraine New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? An armed pro-Russian separatist gathered ammunition at the site of the crash in Luhansk on Saturday. Credit Shamil Zhumatov/Reuters. Related Ukraine » Russia » Ukraine, Russia, EU Hold Last-Ditch Talks Over Gas Prices and DebtWall Street Journal Ukraine, Russia agree to hold new gas talks on SundayReuters UK In Depth:Ukraine crisis: Kiev pledges to punish \u0027terrorism\u0027 that threatens the stability of the ...The Independent See all 3,067 sources » Related Ukraine » Russia » RT8 hours ago  -  Google+ Some 200 Ukrainian protesters rallying at the Russian embassy in Kiev have overturned several diplomatic cars, piled up tires to block the entry and thrown eggs and paint at the building. Police stood… idly by as the anti-Moscow crowd blockaded the site. Protesters turn over Russian diplomats’ cars in front of embassy in Kiev... New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Uncertainty for Gay Couples Married in Wisconsin ABC News  - ?20 minutes ago? A federal judge\u0027s order for Wisconsin officials to stop issuing same-sex marriage licenses didn\u0027t address the legal status of the more than 550 gay marriages conducted in the last week, and subsequent statements by state officials have not removed the ... Related Same-sex marriage » Wisconsin » Marriage » Judge orders temporary halt to gay marriages in Wis.Boston Globe Judge ends gay marriage ban, but stops weddings for nowMilwaukee Journal Sentinel Opinion:Judge Orders Halt to WI Gay MarriageDaily Beast In Depth:Same-sex marriage: After 550 Wisconsin couples wed, US judge stays her rulingChristian Science Monitor - by Warren Richey Wikipedia:Same-sex marriage in Wisconsin See all 843 sources » Related Same-sex marriage » Wisconsin » Marriage » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Kings\u0027 Second Stanley Cup in Three Seasons Defies Cap Logic New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? The Kings vanquished the Rangers and goalie Henrik Lundqvist to win the Stanley Cup on Friday night. Credit Stuart Palley for The New York Times. Related Los Angeles Kings » New York Rangers » Stanley Cup » LAPD reports 3 arrests after the Kings win the Stanley CupLos Angeles Times - by James Queally Rochester Hills\u0027 Alec Martinez, Kings are champions of dramaThe Detroit News Opinion:LA Kings celebrate 2nd title and plot 3rd runU.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Kings fans appreciate special timesESPN - by Arash Markazi Live Updating:Game 5 live: Kings capture Cup vs. RangersUSA TODAY See all 2,472 sources » Related Los Angeles Kings » New York Rangers » Stanley Cup » Chicago Tribune7 hours ago  -  Google+ Kings win second title with 3-2 win over Rangers The Los Angeles Kings completed a remarkable and improbable run to their second Stanley Cup championship in three years by defeating the New York Ran…gers with a 3-2, double-overtime victory. Kings win second title with 3-2 win over Rangers Dallas Morning NewsSee realtime coverage Iraq violence threatening OPEC\u0027s precarious balance Dallas Morning News  - ?1 hour ago? What has been a comfortable market masks some difficult realities that OPEC has so far been lucky to avoid. The Dallas Morning News. Related Petroleum » Iraq » Pump prices hit record level in LondonCTV News Why are oil prices rising?CNNMoney Opinion:Are Asia\u0027s crude oil buyers too relaxed over Iraq?: Clyde RussellReuters In Depth:Iraq violence sends oil prices to a nine-month highTaipei Times See all 1,570 sources » Related Petroleum » Iraq » Want better news? Create a Google Account to get Google News personalized for you. World » Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Afghan voters brave Taliban threats to choose new president The Globe and Mail  - ?3 hours ago? Afghans braved threats of violence and searing heat Saturday to vote in a presidential runoff that likely will mark the country\u0027s first peaceful transfer of authority, an important step toward democracy as foreign combat troops leave. Related Afghanistan » Taliban » Afghans defy Taliban, turn out for historic electionCBS News Afghans, Looking Ahead to US Withdrawal, Vote With Guarded OptimismNew York Times Opinion:Afghan voters brave Taliban threats to choose new president who will face stark ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 1,053 sources » Related Afghanistan » Taliban » Occupy The Polls4 hours ago  -  Google+ Kabul:  Millions of Afghans turned out to vote Saturday in a presidential run-off #election despite #Taliban threats and violence that killed nearly 50 people ahead of the withdrawal of NATO troops later this year. O…fficials said more than seven million people voted, a higher than expected turnout of 52 per cent based on an estimated electorate of 13.5 million voters. The result, due out next month, will decide whether former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah ... Deadly Attacks Mar High Turnout at Afghan Vote - NDTV Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Iran\u0027s Rouhani: Nuclear Deal Possible by July 20 Voice of America  - ?4 hours ago? ANKARA - President Hassan Rouhani urged world powers on Saturday to cut a deal with Iran by a July 20 deadline to end a dispute over its nuclear program, arguing that in any case sanctions meant to restrict its atomic activity have frayed beyond repair. Related Hassan Rouhani » Iraq » President of Iran » Iran President: We\u0027ll Help Battle Militants in Iraq if AskedTIME Iraq conflict: Iran\u0027s Rouhani \u0027ready to help\u0027BBC News From Iran:Iran ready to help Iraq: RouhaniTehran Times Opinion:Iran nuclear deal is possiblegulfnews.com See all 542 sources » Related Hassan Rouhani » Iraq » President of Iran » RT9 hours ago  -  Google+ In light of recent military gains by a ‘too-extreme-for-Al-Qaeda’ jihadi group in Iraq, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has said Tehran may consider cooperating with Washington to battle the extremis…t threat. Strange bedfellows: Iran, US to cooperate against Sunni jihadists in Iraq? —... USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Why were kidnapped Israeli teens hitchhiking in the West Bank? Christian Science Monitor  - ?12 minutes ago? Amid a massive search, questions swirl about where the boys are being held, or if they are still alive. Despite living in a conflict zone, many Israeli settlers hitchhike in the West Bank, often waiting for rides on roads frequented by Palestinian drivers. Related Israel » Palestinian people » West Bank » Netanyahu: Israeli forces can use \u0027all measures\u0027 to free teensCNN Israeli defense chief says missing teens presumed aliveXinhua From Israel:IAF strikes Gaza following rocket attacksJerusalem Post In Depth:Israelis find no trace of missing teens; group using ISIS\u0027s name claims abductionMiamiHerald.com See all 1,942 sources » Related Israel » Palestinian people » West Bank » Michael Schobel8 hours ago  -  Google+ #palestine   #israel . (Reuters) - Israeli forces are searching for three Jewish teenagers who went missing in the occupied West Bank late on Thursday, the military said on Friday. Israeli forces search for three missing Jewish teens in West Bank NDTVSee realtime coverage Hagel orders US aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf Washington Post  - ?2 hours ago? President Barack Obama talks about his administration\u0027s response to a growing insurgency foothold in Iraq, Friday, June 13, 2014, on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, prior to boarding the Marine One Helicopter for Andrews Air Force Base, ... Related Chuck Hagel » US naval power steams toward IraqChristian Science Monitor Hagel orders US aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf ahead of possible strikesDaily Mail See all 157 sources » Related Chuck Hagel » RT1 hour ago  -  Google+ US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has ordered that the USS aircraft carrier George H.W. Bush be moved to the Persian Gulf in case Washington decides to use military force in Iraq following the rise of …attacks by an Al-Qaeda offshoot movement. Pentagon deploys aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf in case of Iraq op — RT USA More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Army says Bergdahl not joined by family upon return WTVQ  - ?2 hours ago? Brooke Army Medical Center is seen on June 13, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas. Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl returned to the United States and is being cared for at Brooke Army Medical Center after being a prisoner of war for five years in Afghanistan. Related Bowe Bergdahl » Taliban » No Timeline for Bergdahl\u0027s Reintegration ProcessBoston.com Letter: Bergdahl trade too costly a moveThe Journal News / Lohud.com In Depth:Bergdahl back in US after years as Taliban captiveBuffalo News Wikipedia:Bowe Bergdahl See all 2,206 sources » Related Bowe Bergdahl » Taliban » KSAT 12 \u0026 KSAT.com1 hour ago  -  Google+ In the moments after Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl arrived back in the United States following five years of captivity by the Taliban in Afghanistan, he was nervous but \"looked good\" and saluted a… commanding officer who welcomed him home, military officials said Friday. Bergdahl is working daily with... Army: Bergdahl \u0027looked good\u0027 after returning to US Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Las Vegas officer remembered as loving family man Chron.com  - ?3 hours ago? A flag covers the casket of Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Officer Alyn Beck during his memorial service at The Smith Center for the Performing Arts Saturday, June 14, 2014 in Las Vegas. Related Police » Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department » Weekend memorial set for slain Las Vegas officerMyNews3 Las Vegas KSNV Second Funeral Held For Police Officers Shot By Extremist CoupleGetty Images Wikipedia:2014 Las Vegas shootings See all 60 sources » Related Police » Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department » Las Vegas Sun6 hours ago  -  Google+ Another somber day under way as Metro officer is eulogized - Metro Police officers turned out in droves for the second time in three days to honor one of their fallen colleagues, this time Officer Aly…n Beck. Beck, a nearly 13-year veteran with Metro, was killed late Sunday morning in an ambush as he and ... http://ow.ly/2Idxxe Another somber day under way as Metro officer is eulogized New York TimesSee realtime coverage For Businesses and the GOP, a Cantor Effect New York Times  - ?6 hours ago? Eric Cantor\u0027s defeat to David Brat, who campaigned against Wall Street, and the near loss for six-term Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi, both friends to business, stunned executives. Related Thad Cochran » Miss. Senate candidate runs to \u0027save the republic\u0027Washington Post Pro-Gun Control Bloomberg Dumps $250K Into Cochran Re-Election PACDaily Caller See all 66 sources » Related Thad Cochran » More U.S. stories Business » Philly.comSee realtime coverage Obama signs order, averting lengthy SEPTA rail strike Philly.com  - ?5 minutes ago? Unaware of the work stoppage Roy Pearson waits for a SEPTA commuter train at the East Falls commuter rail station in Philadelphia on Saturday June 14, 2014. Related Strike action » Philadelphia » Strike forces Philly commuters to find new rideBusinessweek - by Geoff Mulvihill Obama Order Forces Phila. Rail Workers Back on JobABC News Opinion:Obama creates emergency board to help resolve Philadelphia\u0027s commuter rail ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 478 sources » Related Strike action » Philadelphia » Philly.com10 hours ago  -  Google+ SEPTA railroad engineers and electrical workers went on strike early Saturday, halting commuter rail service in the Philadelphia region: http://bit.ly/1vcFmv7 VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Deaths at Amazon\u0027s fulfillment centers raises concerns, Labor Department ... State Column  - ?1 hour ago? The U.S. Department of Labor said this week that it\u0027s examining two worker deaths at warehouses operated by the world\u0027s largest online retailer Amazon. Related Amazon.com » Death » US Department Of Labor Investigates Amazon Worker Deaths.Techsonia Dept. of Labor investigates worker deaths at Amazon distribution centersRaw Story Highly Cited:Amazon Worker Issues Mount Amid Labor Department ScrutinyBloomberg See all 51 sources » Related Amazon.com » Death » The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage US Transportation, Healthcare Employees to have impressive Pay Raise The Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?3 hours ago? The US economy is recovering and so far it has imposed positive impressions on the pay hikes. Experts say pay would be rising in most sectors. Pay raises go mainly to those in select industriesWorcester Telegram Key industries workers get the most pay increasesTechsonia See all 132 sources » Russ Abbott3 hours ago  -  Google+ The industries where workers are doing better and worse. Winners OIL AND GAS   Fracking — the pumping of liquid and sand into the ground to squeeze oil from rocks — is opposed by environmentali…sts worried about pollution. But it\u0027s driven a boom in jobs and wages. Oil and gas workers earned an average 11 percent more an hour in April than they did a year ago, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That\u0027s more than five times t... Pay raises go mainly to those in select industries More Business stories Technology » The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage Google To Launch Health Service like Samsung, Apple - Google Fit The Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?2 hours ago? According to sources a new service called Google Fit is expected to be announced by Google within two weeks\u0027 time. Google Fit will be a service that collects all the data from all of your health-tracking gadgets. Related Google » Apple » Report: Google wants to get into the health data game with \u0027Google Fit\u0027PCWorld (blog) Google wants to win the hearts of health buffs with Google Fit: RumorTech Times Highly Cited:Google Will Soon Take On Apple, Samsung With A New Service Called \u0027Google ...Business Insider - by Julie Bort See all 147 sources » Related Google » Apple » InferseSee realtime coverage Amazon Mayday button with 9.75 response time sets precedent for businesses Inferse 59 minutes ago Written byCharles Miller Amazon\u0027s Mayday, once considered to be a customer\u0027s help button, has become a new enterprise tool. Tweet · submit to reddit. Amazon\u0027s Mayday response time at 9.75 seconds: What it means for customer ...ZDNet - by Larry Dignan Amazon\u0027s Mayday button helps customers propose marriage, defeat Angry BirdsDigital Trends Opinion:People Have Been Using Amazon\u0027s \u0027Mayday\u0027 Button For Marriage Proposals ...Business Insider In Depth:Amazon\u0027s Mayday button average response time is under 10 secondsCNET - by Don Reisinger See all 58 sources » Related: Amazon.com » Amazon Kindle » Kindle Fire » Daily DigestSee realtime coverage FCC to review to Netflix, Verizon dispute Daily Digest  - ?2 hours ago? The Federal Communications Commission is looking into the causes of slower access reported in some Internet service providers, including Comcast and Verizon. Related U.S. Federal Communications Commission » Netflix » The Internet » FCC Is Getting Involved in the Netflix \u0027Slow Internet\u0027 SpatThe Wire FCC steps in to investigate Netflix/ISP squabblesDigital Trends - by Alex James Tretbar Opinion:\u0027LOOKING UNDER THE HOOD\u0027Daily Beast In Depth:UPDATE 2-US FCC looking into slow Internet download speedsReuters See all 250 sources » Related U.S. Federal Communications Commission » Netflix » The Internet » More Technology stories Entertainment » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Would You See This Version Of \u002722 Jump Street\u0027? MTV.com  - ?1 hour ago? Something about this trailer is a little … different. Can you tell? It\u0027s the exact same trailer for the summer hit “22 Jump Street,” minus the star power. Related 22 Jump Street » Channing Tatum » Jonah Hill » MOVIE REVIEW: “22 Jump Street”Leader-Telegram (blog) Friday Box Office: \u002722 Jump Street\u0027 - $25M, \u0027How To Train Your Dragon 2\u0027 - $18.5MForbes Opinion:22 Jump Street – ReviewInside Pulse In Depth:\u002722 Jump Street\u0027 review: A comedy classicSFGate Wikipedia:22 Jump Street See all 1,112 sources » Related 22 Jump Street » Channing Tatum » Jonah Hill » Starpulse.comSee realtime coverage Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Daughter River Rose Starpulse.com 12 minutes ago Written byNoelle Talmon Singer Kelly Clarkson welcomed her first child with husband Brandon Blackstock on Thursday and revealed the news on Twitter today. Pop music star Kelly Clarkson gives birth to girlCNN Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Baby GirlRollingStone.com - by Miriam Coleman Featured:Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth, Welcomes Baby Girl River Rose With Husband ...Us Magazine Opinion:Kelly Clarkson announces birth of daughterWashington Post See all 127 sources » Related: Kelly Clarkson » CELEBUZZ5 hours ago  -  Google+ Congratulations are in order for Kelly Clarkson ! The original + American Idol  revealed via Twitter that she\u0027s given birth to her first daughter, River Rose Blackstock ! http://www.celebuzz.com/2014-06-14/kelly-clarkson-revealed-birth-of-baby-girl-river-rose-blackstock-on-twitter/ New York TimesSee realtime coverage Kit Harington Dishes More Dirt on \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 Finale! Just Jared  - ?1 hour ago? The 27-year-old actor\u0027s hit series Game of Thrones will have its season four finale tomorrow night and we\u0027re so excited to find out what happens. Related Game of Thrones » HBO » What can fans expect from the \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 season finale?Irish Independent - by neela debnath Preview \u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Season 4 Finale “The Children”Geeks of Doom Opinion:\u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Author Wishes Each Season Had More EpisodesBusiness Insider See all 204 sources » Related Game of Thrones » HBO » Geeks of Doom4 hours ago  -  Google+ The Game Of Thrones Season 4 finale is coming! Tomorrow, we\u0027ll see the 10th and final episode of Season 4, \"The Children,\" which will turn to what\u0027s happening with Bran\u0027s journey… north, Dany\u0027s mission, and Tyrion\u0027s predicament. HBO has released a preview… Preview \u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Season 4 Finale \"The Children\" - Geeks of Doom E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian Cheers On Kanye West in Sheer Top at Bonnaroo 2014—See ... E! Online  - ?5 minutes ago? One of the perks of being married to one of the most famous hip-hop stars in the world? Awesome seats at awesome music festivals. Kim Kardashian cheered on her hubby Kanye West from near the soundboard as he performed on stage in front of at least ... Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Kim Kardashian pictured looking ice cool in sexy white bikini on honeymoon with ...Mirror.co.uk Kanye West Strikes Back at the Press in Bonnaroo ReturnRollingStone.com - by Miriam Coleman In Depth:The Dish: Kanye brings new wife Kim, massive ego to BonnarooMontreal Gazette See all 701 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage The remarkable reinvention of Angelina Jolie Telegraph.co.uk  - ?3 hours ago? On the Queen\u0027s Birthday Honours list, the name stood out from those of charity workers, teachers and civil servants: Angelina Jolie - Honorary Dame Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George, for her campaigning work “for ... Related Angelina Jolie » Elizabeth II » Queen Elizabeth names Angelina Jolie \u0027honorary dame\u0027 for humanitarian workNew York Daily News Dame Angelina Jolie is a true lady and the Princess Diana of our timeMirror.co.uk From United Kingdom:Mercury Opinion: The honours system has to changeLeicester Mercury Opinion:Angelina Jolie made honorary Dame by the QueenTimes of India In Depth:Daniel Day-Lewis, Angelina Jolie on Queen\u0027s birthday honours listCBC.ca Wikipedia:Angelina Jolie See all 251 sources » Related Angelina Jolie » Elizabeth II » More Entertainment stories Sports » Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage FIFA World Cup 2014: England vs Italy Live Zee News  - ?1 hour ago? 45+2\u0027- Candreva off the post! The Italian picks the ball and shots from outside the box. The ball ricochets off England\u0027s post. Related England national football team » FIFA World Cup » Italy national football team » Sterling, Sirigu start as England face ItalyThe Hindu England\u0027s World Cup 2014 Campaign Under WayMix 96 From United Kingdom:Fumble in the jungle: England defenders fail to stop Balotelli as he puts Italy 2-1 ...Daily Mail Opinion:Mario Balotelli\u0027s Goal Gives Italy 2-1 Lead Over England At World Cup (VIDEO)Huffington Post In Depth:World Cup 2014: England vs. Italy LiveWall Street Journal (blog) Live Updating:FIFA World Cup 2014 Latest Scores: England 0-0 Italy - LIVEInternational Business Times UK See all 2,466 sources » Related England national football team » FIFA World Cup » Italy national football team » Graphicgh6 hours ago  -  Google+ Buffon to miss Italy opener: Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon confirmed on Saturday he had been ruled out of his team\u0027s opening FIFA World Cup™ clash with England in Manaus. Buffon limped out of …a training session on Friday suffering with a knock and, after receiving treatment, immediately had to undergo sessions of physiotherapy late into the night. On his personal Twitter page, Buffon urged fans to make light of his absence and support his... The Official Website of the FIFA World Cup™ - FIFA.com CNNSee realtime coverage Open shows golf needs Tiger Woods to bridge the gap until the next Tiger ... Washington Post  - ?20 minutes ago? PINEHURST - Never have so many people wanted to send Tiger Woods a get well card. As the golf world watches Martin Kaymer turn the U.S. Related U.S. Open Championship » Martin Kaymer » Golf » 2014 US Open: Crowds show up for a Phil surge, which doesn\u0027t comeCBSSports.com US Open 2014: Martin Kaymer\u0027s record start ends and the pack closes inThe Guardian In Depth:U.S. Open 2014 scores: Martin Kaymer holds 5-shot lead over Rickie Fowler ...SB Nation Wikipedia:2014 U.S. Open See all 3,462 sources » Related U.S. Open Championship » Martin Kaymer » Golf » ModernGhana.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Martin Kaymer starts US Open third round - The German, who began this tournament with back-to-back 65s to reach 10 under, suffered a setback at Pinehurst when he bogeyed his second hole on Saturday. H…owever, playing partner Brendon Todd also dropped a shot at the same hole, meaning Kaymer, who is gunning for a second major title after lifting the US PGA Championship in 2010, remained half a dozen clear at the top of the leaderboard. ... http://ow.ly/2Ie2RZ Martin Kaymer starts US Open third round ESPNSee realtime coverage WATCH: Jimmy Rollins breaks Mike Schmidt\u0027s Phillies hit record The Star-Ledger  - ?16 minutes ago? PHILADELPHIA -- Move over, Mike Schmidt, there is a new name atop the Phillies\u0027 all-time hit list. Jimmy Rollins stepped to the plate in the fifth inning of Saturday\u0027s 7-4 Phillies win over the Chicago Cubs at Citizens Bank Park and ripped a line-drive single to ... Related Philadelphia Phillies » Chicago Cubs » Phillies 7, Cubs 4Chicago Tribune Rollins sets Phillies\u0027 career hit record in winUSA TODAY In Depth:Phillies-Cubs: 5 things you need to knowComcast SportsNet Philadelphia See all 218 sources » Related Philadelphia Phillies » Chicago Cubs » 6abc Action News1 hour ago  -  Google+ Jimmy Rollins singled in the fifth to pass Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt to become the Phillies\u0027 hits leader and Domonic Brown capped the inning with a three-run homer, leading Philadelphia to a 7-4 …win over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday. Read more -- http://6abc.cm/1lnWDjo #phillies   #mlb   #baseball   #jimmyrollins   #philadelphia   MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Greg Cote: Miami Heat must overcome adversity, history to accomplish what\u0027s ... MiamiHerald.com  - ?11 minutes ago? SAN ANTONIO -- The Heat fast-bloomed into the biggest, most talked-about phenomenon in American sports all at once in the summer of 2010 and it was supposed to be so easy, remember? Related San Antonio Spurs » Miami Heat » NBA Finals » Duncan: \u0027It\u0027s not over till it\u0027s over\u0027Washington Post Spurs win by testing Heat\u0027s willpowerESPN Opinion:Cowlishaw: Why the Spurs\u0027 success is tarnishing LeBron James\u0027 legacyDallas Morning News In Depth:Spurs GM reflects as team closes in on fifth titleUSA TODAY - by Sam Amick See all 1,182 sources » Related San Antonio Spurs » Miami Heat » NBA Finals » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Costa Rica upsets Uruguay at World Cup Chron.com  - ?34 minutes ago? TOPSHOTS Costa Rica\u0027s defender Oscar Duarte (L) celebrates scoring his team\u0027s first goal as he runs with Costa Rica\u0027s defender Junior Diaz during a Group D football match between Uruguay and Costa Rica at the Castelao Stadium in Fortaleza during the ... Related FIFA World Cup » Costa Rica national football team » Costa Rica Rallies to Stun UruguayNew York Times Clinical Costa Rica fight back to stun UruguayReuters In Depth:Uruguay without Suarez flatter to deceive as World Cup dark horsesGoal.com See all 884 sources » Related FIFA World Cup » Costa Rica national football team » More Sports stories Science » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage NASA spacecraft to search for Oceans on Pluto\u0027s Moon Charon The Westside Story 4 hours ago Written byclinton Hesler The Pluto explorer spacecraft of NASA, New Horizons will help scientists and researchers at NASA to find evidence of an ocean on Pluto\u0027s moon, Charon. Charon May Once Have Had Underground OceanSci-News.com Cracks On Pluto\u0027s Moon Could Reveal Clues About Ancient OceanDesign \u0026 Trend Highly Cited:New Horizons Spacecraft to Help Scientists Find Clues of Ancient Ocean on ...Maine News See all 30 sources » Related: Moon » New Horizons » PBS NewsHourSee realtime coverage World\u0027s largest ocean may lie below the ocean floor PBS NewsHour 17 minutes ago Written byHari Sreenivasan A study in Science reveals that a massive reservoir of water - in its molecular form - may lie hundreds of miles below the earth\u0027s surface and may hold more water than the earth\u0027s oceans. Vast ocean trapped under core of Earth, scientists saySouth China Morning Post Largest Ocean of the Earth Found 400 to 600 Kilometers Below its SurfaceThe Westside Story In Depth:Oceans\u0027 worth of water locked deep inside the Earth, say scientistsChristian Science Monitor See all 156 sources » More Science stories Health » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage 4000 pounds of beef, some at Whole Foods, recalled over fears of mad cow ... Los Angeles Times 2 hours ago Written byJenn Harris More than 4,000 pounds of beef were recalled over fears of contamination with mad cow disease. The majority of the meat was distributed as bone-in rib-eye steak. Why the Latest Mad Cow Beef Recall Should Make You HappySavingAdvice.com - by Jeffrey Strain 4000 pounds of beef recalled in Missouri mad cow scareWSOC Charlotte See all 383 sources » Related: Beef » CBC.caSee realtime coverage Salmonella found in health food powder sickens 21 in US Chicago Tribune  - ?7 hours ago? Salmonella has been found in a health food powder, spurring product recalls in the United States and the launch of a multistate health investigation, federal officials said on Friday. Related Salmonella » Disease » Chia Powder Is Linked to SalmonellaNew York Times Chia Seeds Investigated for Link to Salmonella OutbreakBloomberg In Depth:CDC: Two \u0027sproutbreaks\u0027 sicken more than 70 peopleUSA TODAY See all 144 sources » Related Salmonella » Disease » More Health stories Recent Domestic Terrorism Task Force \u0027More Than Overdue,\u0027 Experts Say NBCNews.com - 26 minutes ago Obama intervenes in Philadelphia rail strike Chron.com - 20 minutes ago Kings\u0027 Second Stanley Cup in Three Seasons Defies Cap Logic New York Times - 22 minutes ago Weather for Anaheim, California Today 79° 63° Sun 75° 61° Mon 73° 59° Tue 75° 59° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB LAA 0 0 Bot 3rd ATL WAS 1 0 Bot 3rd STL CIN 1 0 Bot 2nd MIL MIN 9 12 Top 9th DET KC 9-1 Final CWS CHC 4-7 Final PHI CLE 3-2 Final BOS TOR 2-3 Final BAL COL 5-4 Final SF PIT 8-6 Final MIA TB 3-7 Final HOU SD 5-0 Final NYM NYY 7:05 PM PDT OAK ARI 7:10 PM PDT LAD TEX 7:10 PM PDT SEA live match NHL NYR 2-3 Final LA MLB TOR 4-0 Final BAL CHC 2-1 Final PHI MIN 2-0 Final DET CLE 3-10 Final BOS PIT 8-6 Final MIA SD 2-6 Final NYM LAA 3-4 Final ATL KC 7-2 Final CWS TB 6-1 Final HOU CIN 6-5 Final MIL WAS 0-1 Final STL NYY 7-0 Final OAK ARI 3-4 Final LAD TEX 1-0 Final SEA COL 7-4 Final SF Sports scores hidden. Learn more Undo Anaheim, California » - Change location City, State, or Zip Code: Automatically determine my geographic area   Vigil planned for transgender activist found dead in Anaheim Los Angeles Times - 22 hours ago Santa Ana man found dead in Anaheim parking lot Orange County Breeze - 12 hours ago MR. ANAHEIM: Long before the Angels, the A\u0027s made Anaheim home for spring OCRegister - Jun 13, 2014 Editors\u0027 Picks Los Angeles Named Finalist for US Olympic Bid City News Service LAPD Chief Hears from West Valley Residents Matt Thacker North Hills VA Center Flagged in National Audit Matt Thacker No Felony Charges for Bieber in Phone Incident Post-Periodical Valley Coalition Formed to Advocate for Rail Matt Thacker Learn more Spotlight » Treadmill Washes Your Clothes Discovery News - Jun 13, 2014 Arctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner talks Bonnaroo, Entertainment Weekly (blog) - Jun 13, 2014 Air traffic controllers working exhausting schedules, report finds PBS NewsHour - Jun 13, 2014 High-End Hermès Handbags at Center of Suit Against Christie\u0027s New York Times - Jun 13, 2014 Get the occasional halitosis? 10 tips to taming dragon breath Today.com - Jun 8, 2014 7 questions to ask before you eat that shrimp PBS NewsHour - 8 hours ago George Takei Is Still Guiding the Ship New York Times - Jun 13, 2014 Fly Found With Da Vinci Princess Spurs a Mystery Discovery News - Jun 13, 2014 How to combat the tightening grip of inequality around the globe PBS NewsHour - Jun 12, 2014 From Untended Farmland, Reserve Tries to Recreate Wilderness From Long Ago New York Times - 21 hours ago Riders Catch a Fire-Hose Wave: Straight Up Discovery News - Jun 13, 2014 10 best bucket-list sporting events USA TODAY - Jun 13, 2014 Most popular Iraq crisis: Threat of new jihadist foe forces President Obama\u0027s hand in rethink of ... The Independent - 12 minutes ago Kim Kardashian pictured looking ice cool in sexy white bikini on honeymoon with ... Mirror.co.uk - 1 hour ago Mom: 3-year-old forced to urinate in seat on plane Boston Herald - 44 minutes ago Vast ocean trapped under core of Earth, scientists say South China Morning Post - 57 minutes ago Obama Mocks Lawmakers Who Deny Climate Change New York Times - 22 minutes ago Amazon under investigation after worker was crushed to death in their huge ... Daily Mail - 8 hours ago Iraq violence threatening OPEC\u0027s precarious balance Dallas Morning News - 1 hour ago Ukraine crisis: Kiev pledges to punish \u0027terrorism\u0027 that threatens the stability of the ... The Independent - 12 minutes ago US aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf Sky News Australia - 25 minutes ago Missing girl found after all-night search in Marin County SFGate - 13 minutes agoGetty ImagesSee realtime coverage Obama Mocks Lawmakers Who Deny Climate Change New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? President Obama speaks at a commencement ceremony at the University of California, Irvine, on Saturday. Credit Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times. Related Climate change » University of California, Irvine » Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speechFox News Obama Asks College Grads to Take on Climate-Change DeniersBloomberg Opinion:Obama Slams GOP For Using \u0027Not A Scientist\u0027 Line On Climate ChangeHuffington Post In Depth:Obama calls for action on climate change, takes aim at doubtersLos Angeles Times - by James Queally See all 212 sources » Related Climate change » University of California, Irvine » NBC Bay Area2 hours ago  -  Google+ President Barack Obama said denying climate change is like arguing the moon is made of cheese, as he challenged a young, \"super underrated\" generation to take on climate change during a UC I…rvine commencement speech Saturday. http://nbcbay.com/o8TrOJw ABC News ABC News Climate Change Denial -- Like Saying Moon\u0027s Made of Cheese? Fox News Fox News Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speech The State The State Obama lambastes climate change deniers as \u0027radical fringe\u0027 in California speech Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Obama says climate change deniers ignoring science Press-Enterprise (blog) Press-Enterprise (blog) OBAMA VISIT: President back in Palm Springs after whirlwind SoCal day Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Obama renews climate change push KSDK KSDK Obama tells grads to solve climate change NBC Southern California NBC Southern California Obama Tackles Climate Change in UC Irvine Commencement Speech KESQ KESQ President, First Lady land in Palm Springs for weekend visit Business Insider Business Insider President Obama Is Giving The Commencement Speech At UC Irvine This ... The Slatest (blog) The Slatest (blog) Obama: Denying Climate Change Is Like Saying the Moon Is “Made of Cheese” KESQ KESQ Source: Malia will join President Obama, First Lady for Father\u0027s Day weekend KESQ KESQ President Leaves Palm Springs for Events In Orange County Salon Salon Obamas kick off long weekend in California Westside Today Westside Today President Obama Returns to Southern California This Weekend NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Announces Climate Change Fund During Commencement Address MSNBC MSNBC Obama calls for action on climate change \u0027before it\u0027s too late\u0027New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago?ABC News ABC News Climate Change Denial -- Like Saying Moon\u0027s Made of Cheese? Fox News Fox News Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speech The State The State Obama lambastes climate change deniers as \u0027radical fringe\u0027 in California speech Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Obama says climate change deniers ignoring science Press-Enterprise (blog) Press-Enterprise (blog) OBAMA VISIT: President back in Palm Springs after whirlwind SoCal day Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Obama renews climate change push KSDK KSDK Obama tells grads to solve climate change NBC Southern California NBC Southern California Obama Tackles Climate Change in UC Irvine Commencement Speech KESQ KESQ President, First Lady land in Palm Springs for weekend visit Business Insider Business Insider President Obama Is Giving The Commencement Speech At UC Irvine This ... The Slatest (blog) The Slatest (blog) Obama: Denying Climate Change Is Like Saying the Moon Is “Made of Cheese” KESQ KESQ Source: Malia will join President Obama, First Lady for Father\u0027s Day weekend KESQ KESQ President Leaves Palm Springs for Events In Orange County Salon Salon Obamas kick off long weekend in California Westside Today Westside Today President Obama Returns to Southern California This Weekend NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Announces Climate Change Fund During Commencement Address MSNBC MSNBC Obama calls for action on climate change \u0027before it\u0027s too late\u0027ABC News ABC News Climate Change Denial -- Like Saying Moon\u0027s Made of Cheese? Fox News Fox News Obama pushes global warming agenda in commencement speech The State The State Obama lambastes climate change deniers as \u0027radical fringe\u0027 in California speech Modesto Bee Modesto Bee Obama says climate change deniers ignoring science Press-Enterprise (blog) Press-Enterprise (blog) OBAMA VISIT: President back in Palm Springs after whirlwind SoCal day Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Obama renews climate change push KSDK KSDK Obama tells grads to solve climate change NBC Southern California NBC Southern California Obama Tackles Climate Change in UC Irvine Commencement Speech KESQ KESQ President, First Lady land in Palm Springs for weekend visit Business Insider Business Insider President Obama Is Giving The Commencement Speech At UC Irvine This ... The Slatest (blog) The Slatest (blog) Obama: Denying Climate Change Is Like Saying the Moon Is “Made of Cheese” KESQ KESQ Source: Malia will join President Obama, First Lady for Father\u0027s Day weekend KESQ KESQ President Leaves Palm Springs for Events In Orange County Salon Salon Obamas kick off long weekend in California Westside Today Westside Today President Obama Returns to Southern California This Weekend NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Obama Announces Climate Change Fund During Commencement Address MSNBC MSNBC Obama calls for action on climate change \u0027before it\u0027s too late\u0027Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Shiite militia seizes control of Iraqi town, slowing ISIS drive toward Baghdad Washington Post  - ?18 minutes ago? IRBIL, Iraq - An Iraqi general said Saturday that Baghdad was secure, as hundreds of Iraqis converged on volunteer centers across the capital in response to a call by Iraq\u0027s highest Shiite cleric to fight back against a Sunni jihadist group making rapid gains ... Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iraqi PM orders troops to make stand in Samarra; US sends aircraft carrierCNN The Terrorist Army Marching on BaghdadWall Street Journal Opinion:5 Principles for IraqNew York Times In Depth:Obama Positions Aircraft Carrier as Iraqis Await StrikesBusinessweek Wikipedia:2014 Northern Iraq offensive See all 9,501 sources » Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Michael Schobel11 hours ago  -  Google+ #syria . The Syria branch of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has put fighting on hold in Syria while it brings in weapons seized inside neighboring Iraq, a monitoring group that tracks the vi…olence said on Friday. Syria Islamist militants pause and reinforce from Iraq - Al Arabiya NewsWashington Post  - ?18 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Separatists Down Military Transport Jet, Killing 49 in Eastern Ukraine New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago? An armed pro-Russian separatist gathered ammunition at the site of the crash in Luhansk on Saturday. Credit Shamil Zhumatov/Reuters. Related Ukraine » Russia » Ukraine, Russia, EU Hold Last-Ditch Talks Over Gas Prices and DebtWall Street Journal Ukraine, Russia agree to hold new gas talks on SundayReuters UK In Depth:Ukraine crisis: Kiev pledges to punish \u0027terrorism\u0027 that threatens the stability of the ...The Independent See all 3,067 sources » Related Ukraine » Russia » RT8 hours ago  -  Google+ Some 200 Ukrainian protesters rallying at the Russian embassy in Kiev have overturned several diplomatic cars, piled up tires to block the entry and thrown eggs and paint at the building. Police stood… idly by as the anti-Moscow crowd blockaded the site. Protesters turn over Russian diplomats’ cars in front of embassy in Kiev...New York Times  - ?28 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Uncertainty for Gay Couples Married in Wisconsin ABC News  - ?20 minutes ago? A federal judge\u0027s order for Wisconsin officials to stop issuing same-sex marriage licenses didn\u0027t address the legal status of the more than 550 gay marriages conducted in the last week, and subsequent statements by state officials have not removed the ... Related Same-sex marriage » Wisconsin » Marriage » Judge orders temporary halt to gay marriages in Wis.Boston Globe Judge ends gay marriage ban, but stops weddings for nowMilwaukee Journal Sentinel Opinion:Judge Orders Halt to WI Gay MarriageDaily Beast In Depth:Same-sex marriage: After 550 Wisconsin couples wed, US judge stays her rulingChristian Science Monitor - by Warren Richey Wikipedia:Same-sex marriage in Wisconsin See all 843 sources » Related Same-sex marriage » Wisconsin » Marriage »ABC News  - ?20 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Kings\u0027 Second Stanley Cup in Three Seasons Defies Cap Logic New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? The Kings vanquished the Rangers and goalie Henrik Lundqvist to win the Stanley Cup on Friday night. Credit Stuart Palley for The New York Times. Related Los Angeles Kings » New York Rangers » Stanley Cup » LAPD reports 3 arrests after the Kings win the Stanley CupLos Angeles Times - by James Queally Rochester Hills\u0027 Alec Martinez, Kings are champions of dramaThe Detroit News Opinion:LA Kings celebrate 2nd title and plot 3rd runU.S. News \u0026 World Report In Depth:Kings fans appreciate special timesESPN - by Arash Markazi Live Updating:Game 5 live: Kings capture Cup vs. RangersUSA TODAY See all 2,472 sources » Related Los Angeles Kings » New York Rangers » Stanley Cup » Chicago Tribune7 hours ago  -  Google+ Kings win second title with 3-2 win over Rangers The Los Angeles Kings completed a remarkable and improbable run to their second Stanley Cup championship in three years by defeating the New York Ran…gers with a 3-2, double-overtime victory. Kings win second title with 3-2 win over RangersNew York Times  - ?22 minutes ago?Dallas Morning NewsSee realtime coverage Iraq violence threatening OPEC\u0027s precarious balance Dallas Morning News  - ?1 hour ago? What has been a comfortable market masks some difficult realities that OPEC has so far been lucky to avoid. The Dallas Morning News. Related Petroleum » Iraq » Pump prices hit record level in LondonCTV News Why are oil prices rising?CNNMoney Opinion:Are Asia\u0027s crude oil buyers too relaxed over Iraq?: Clyde RussellReuters In Depth:Iraq violence sends oil prices to a nine-month highTaipei Times See all 1,570 sources » Related Petroleum » Iraq »Dallas Morning News  - ?1 hour ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Afghan voters brave Taliban threats to choose new president The Globe and Mail  - ?3 hours ago? Afghans braved threats of violence and searing heat Saturday to vote in a presidential runoff that likely will mark the country\u0027s first peaceful transfer of authority, an important step toward democracy as foreign combat troops leave. Related Afghanistan » Taliban » Afghans defy Taliban, turn out for historic electionCBS News Afghans, Looking Ahead to US Withdrawal, Vote With Guarded OptimismNew York Times Opinion:Afghan voters brave Taliban threats to choose new president who will face stark ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 1,053 sources » Related Afghanistan » Taliban » Occupy The Polls4 hours ago  -  Google+ Kabul:  Millions of Afghans turned out to vote Saturday in a presidential run-off #election despite #Taliban threats and violence that killed nearly 50 people ahead of the withdrawal of NATO troops later this year. O…fficials said more than seven million people voted, a higher than expected turnout of 52 per cent based on an estimated electorate of 13.5 million voters. The result, due out next month, will decide whether former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah ... Deadly Attacks Mar High Turnout at Afghan Vote - NDTVThe Globe and Mail  - ?3 hours ago?Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Iran\u0027s Rouhani: Nuclear Deal Possible by July 20 Voice of America  - ?4 hours ago? ANKARA - President Hassan Rouhani urged world powers on Saturday to cut a deal with Iran by a July 20 deadline to end a dispute over its nuclear program, arguing that in any case sanctions meant to restrict its atomic activity have frayed beyond repair. Related Hassan Rouhani » Iraq » President of Iran » Iran President: We\u0027ll Help Battle Militants in Iraq if AskedTIME Iraq conflict: Iran\u0027s Rouhani \u0027ready to help\u0027BBC News From Iran:Iran ready to help Iraq: RouhaniTehran Times Opinion:Iran nuclear deal is possiblegulfnews.com See all 542 sources » Related Hassan Rouhani » Iraq » President of Iran » RT9 hours ago  -  Google+ In light of recent military gains by a ‘too-extreme-for-Al-Qaeda’ jihadi group in Iraq, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has said Tehran may consider cooperating with Washington to battle the extremis…t threat. Strange bedfellows: Iran, US to cooperate against Sunni jihadists in Iraq? —...Voice of America  - ?4 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Why were kidnapped Israeli teens hitchhiking in the West Bank? Christian Science Monitor  - ?12 minutes ago? Amid a massive search, questions swirl about where the boys are being held, or if they are still alive. Despite living in a conflict zone, many Israeli settlers hitchhike in the West Bank, often waiting for rides on roads frequented by Palestinian drivers. Related Israel » Palestinian people » West Bank » Netanyahu: Israeli forces can use \u0027all measures\u0027 to free teensCNN Israeli defense chief says missing teens presumed aliveXinhua From Israel:IAF strikes Gaza following rocket attacksJerusalem Post In Depth:Israelis find no trace of missing teens; group using ISIS\u0027s name claims abductionMiamiHerald.com See all 1,942 sources » Related Israel » Palestinian people » West Bank » Michael Schobel8 hours ago  -  Google+ #palestine   #israel . (Reuters) - Israeli forces are searching for three Jewish teenagers who went missing in the occupied West Bank late on Thursday, the military said on Friday. Israeli forces search for three missing Jewish teens in West BankChristian Science Monitor  - ?12 minutes ago?NDTVSee realtime coverage Hagel orders US aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf Washington Post  - ?2 hours ago? President Barack Obama talks about his administration\u0027s response to a growing insurgency foothold in Iraq, Friday, June 13, 2014, on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, prior to boarding the Marine One Helicopter for Andrews Air Force Base, ... Related Chuck Hagel » US naval power steams toward IraqChristian Science Monitor Hagel orders US aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf ahead of possible strikesDaily Mail See all 157 sources » Related Chuck Hagel » RT1 hour ago  -  Google+ US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has ordered that the USS aircraft carrier George H.W. Bush be moved to the Persian Gulf in case Washington decides to use military force in Iraq following the rise of …attacks by an Al-Qaeda offshoot movement. Pentagon deploys aircraft carrier to Persian Gulf in case of Iraq op — RT USAWashington Post  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Army says Bergdahl not joined by family upon return WTVQ  - ?2 hours ago? Brooke Army Medical Center is seen on June 13, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas. Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl returned to the United States and is being cared for at Brooke Army Medical Center after being a prisoner of war for five years in Afghanistan. Related Bowe Bergdahl » Taliban » No Timeline for Bergdahl\u0027s Reintegration ProcessBoston.com Letter: Bergdahl trade too costly a moveThe Journal News / Lohud.com In Depth:Bergdahl back in US after years as Taliban captiveBuffalo News Wikipedia:Bowe Bergdahl See all 2,206 sources » Related Bowe Bergdahl » Taliban » KSAT 12 \u0026 KSAT.com1 hour ago  -  Google+ In the moments after Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl arrived back in the United States following five years of captivity by the Taliban in Afghanistan, he was nervous but \"looked good\" and saluted a… commanding officer who welcomed him home, military officials said Friday. Bergdahl is working daily with... Army: Bergdahl \u0027looked good\u0027 after returning to USWTVQ  - ?2 hours ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Las Vegas officer remembered as loving family man Chron.com  - ?3 hours ago? A flag covers the casket of Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Officer Alyn Beck during his memorial service at The Smith Center for the Performing Arts Saturday, June 14, 2014 in Las Vegas. Related Police » Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department » Weekend memorial set for slain Las Vegas officerMyNews3 Las Vegas KSNV Second Funeral Held For Police Officers Shot By Extremist CoupleGetty Images Wikipedia:2014 Las Vegas shootings See all 60 sources » Related Police » Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department » Las Vegas Sun6 hours ago  -  Google+ Another somber day under way as Metro officer is eulogized - Metro Police officers turned out in droves for the second time in three days to honor one of their fallen colleagues, this time Officer Aly…n Beck. Beck, a nearly 13-year veteran with Metro, was killed late Sunday morning in an ambush as he and ... http://ow.ly/2Idxxe Another somber day under way as Metro officer is eulogizedChron.com  - ?3 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage For Businesses and the GOP, a Cantor Effect New York Times  - ?6 hours ago? Eric Cantor\u0027s defeat to David Brat, who campaigned against Wall Street, and the near loss for six-term Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi, both friends to business, stunned executives. Related Thad Cochran » Miss. Senate candidate runs to \u0027save the republic\u0027Washington Post Pro-Gun Control Bloomberg Dumps $250K Into Cochran Re-Election PACDaily Caller See all 66 sources » Related Thad Cochran »New York Times  - ?6 hours ago?Philly.comSee realtime coverage Obama signs order, averting lengthy SEPTA rail strike Philly.com  - ?5 minutes ago? Unaware of the work stoppage Roy Pearson waits for a SEPTA commuter train at the East Falls commuter rail station in Philadelphia on Saturday June 14, 2014. Related Strike action » Philadelphia » Strike forces Philly commuters to find new rideBusinessweek - by Geoff Mulvihill Obama Order Forces Phila. Rail Workers Back on JobABC News Opinion:Obama creates emergency board to help resolve Philadelphia\u0027s commuter rail ...U.S. News \u0026 World Report See all 478 sources » Related Strike action » Philadelphia » Philly.com10 hours ago  -  Google+ SEPTA railroad engineers and electrical workers went on strike early Saturday, halting commuter rail service in the Philadelphia region: http://bit.ly/1vcFmv7Philly.com  - ?5 minutes ago?VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Deaths at Amazon\u0027s fulfillment centers raises concerns, Labor Department ... State Column  - ?1 hour ago? The U.S. Department of Labor said this week that it\u0027s examining two worker deaths at warehouses operated by the world\u0027s largest online retailer Amazon. Related Amazon.com » Death » US Department Of Labor Investigates Amazon Worker Deaths.Techsonia Dept. of Labor investigates worker deaths at Amazon distribution centersRaw Story Highly Cited:Amazon Worker Issues Mount Amid Labor Department ScrutinyBloomberg See all 51 sources » Related Amazon.com » Death »State Column  - ?1 hour ago?The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage US Transportation, Healthcare Employees to have impressive Pay Raise The Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?3 hours ago? The US economy is recovering and so far it has imposed positive impressions on the pay hikes. Experts say pay would be rising in most sectors. Pay raises go mainly to those in select industriesWorcester Telegram Key industries workers get the most pay increasesTechsonia See all 132 sources » Russ Abbott3 hours ago  -  Google+ The industries where workers are doing better and worse. Winners OIL AND GAS   Fracking — the pumping of liquid and sand into the ground to squeeze oil from rocks — is opposed by environmentali…sts worried about pollution. But it\u0027s driven a boom in jobs and wages. Oil and gas workers earned an average 11 percent more an hour in April than they did a year ago, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That\u0027s more than five times t... Pay raises go mainly to those in select industriesThe Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?3 hours ago?The Utah People\u0027s PostSee realtime coverage Google To Launch Health Service like Samsung, Apple - Google Fit The Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?2 hours ago? According to sources a new service called Google Fit is expected to be announced by Google within two weeks\u0027 time. Google Fit will be a service that collects all the data from all of your health-tracking gadgets. Related Google » Apple » Report: Google wants to get into the health data game with \u0027Google Fit\u0027PCWorld (blog) Google wants to win the hearts of health buffs with Google Fit: RumorTech Times Highly Cited:Google Will Soon Take On Apple, Samsung With A New Service Called \u0027Google ...Business Insider - by Julie Bort See all 147 sources » Related Google » Apple »The Utah People\u0027s Post  - ?2 hours ago?InferseSee realtime coverage Amazon Mayday button with 9.75 response time sets precedent for businesses Inferse 59 minutes ago Written byCharles Miller Amazon\u0027s Mayday, once considered to be a customer\u0027s help button, has become a new enterprise tool. Tweet · submit to reddit. Amazon\u0027s Mayday response time at 9.75 seconds: What it means for customer ...ZDNet - by Larry Dignan Amazon\u0027s Mayday button helps customers propose marriage, defeat Angry BirdsDigital Trends Opinion:People Have Been Using Amazon\u0027s \u0027Mayday\u0027 Button For Marriage Proposals ...Business Insider In Depth:Amazon\u0027s Mayday button average response time is under 10 secondsCNET - by Don Reisinger See all 58 sources » Related: Amazon.com » Amazon Kindle » Kindle Fire »Inferse 59 minutes ago Written byCharles MillerWritten byCharles MillerDaily DigestSee realtime coverage FCC to review to Netflix, Verizon dispute Daily Digest  - ?2 hours ago? The Federal Communications Commission is looking into the causes of slower access reported in some Internet service providers, including Comcast and Verizon. Related U.S. Federal Communications Commission » Netflix » The Internet » FCC Is Getting Involved in the Netflix \u0027Slow Internet\u0027 SpatThe Wire FCC steps in to investigate Netflix/ISP squabblesDigital Trends - by Alex James Tretbar Opinion:\u0027LOOKING UNDER THE HOOD\u0027Daily Beast In Depth:UPDATE 2-US FCC looking into slow Internet download speedsReuters See all 250 sources » Related U.S. Federal Communications Commission » Netflix » The Internet »Daily Digest  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Would You See This Version Of \u002722 Jump Street\u0027? MTV.com  - ?1 hour ago? Something about this trailer is a little … different. Can you tell? It\u0027s the exact same trailer for the summer hit “22 Jump Street,” minus the star power. Related 22 Jump Street » Channing Tatum » Jonah Hill » MOVIE REVIEW: “22 Jump Street”Leader-Telegram (blog) Friday Box Office: \u002722 Jump Street\u0027 - $25M, \u0027How To Train Your Dragon 2\u0027 - $18.5MForbes Opinion:22 Jump Street – ReviewInside Pulse In Depth:\u002722 Jump Street\u0027 review: A comedy classicSFGate Wikipedia:22 Jump Street See all 1,112 sources » Related 22 Jump Street » Channing Tatum » Jonah Hill »MTV.com  - ?1 hour ago?Starpulse.comSee realtime coverage Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Daughter River Rose Starpulse.com 12 minutes ago Written byNoelle Talmon Singer Kelly Clarkson welcomed her first child with husband Brandon Blackstock on Thursday and revealed the news on Twitter today. Pop music star Kelly Clarkson gives birth to girlCNN Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Baby GirlRollingStone.com - by Miriam Coleman Featured:Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth, Welcomes Baby Girl River Rose With Husband ...Us Magazine Opinion:Kelly Clarkson announces birth of daughterWashington Post See all 127 sources » Related: Kelly Clarkson » CELEBUZZ5 hours ago  -  Google+ Congratulations are in order for Kelly Clarkson ! The original + American Idol  revealed via Twitter that she\u0027s given birth to her first daughter, River Rose Blackstock ! http://www.celebuzz.com/2014-06-14/kelly-clarkson-revealed-birth-of-baby-girl-river-rose-blackstock-on-twitter/Starpulse.com 12 minutes ago Written byNoelle TalmonWritten byNoelle TalmonNew York TimesSee realtime coverage Kit Harington Dishes More Dirt on \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 Finale! Just Jared  - ?1 hour ago? The 27-year-old actor\u0027s hit series Game of Thrones will have its season four finale tomorrow night and we\u0027re so excited to find out what happens. Related Game of Thrones » HBO » What can fans expect from the \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 season finale?Irish Independent - by neela debnath Preview \u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Season 4 Finale “The Children”Geeks of Doom Opinion:\u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Author Wishes Each Season Had More EpisodesBusiness Insider See all 204 sources » Related Game of Thrones » HBO » Geeks of Doom4 hours ago  -  Google+ The Game Of Thrones Season 4 finale is coming! Tomorrow, we\u0027ll see the 10th and final episode of Season 4, \"The Children,\" which will turn to what\u0027s happening with Bran\u0027s journey… north, Dany\u0027s mission, and Tyrion\u0027s predicament. HBO has released a preview… Preview \u0027Game Of Thrones\u0027 Season 4 Finale \"The Children\" - Geeks of DoomJust Jared  - ?1 hour ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian Cheers On Kanye West in Sheer Top at Bonnaroo 2014—See ... E! Online  - ?5 minutes ago? One of the perks of being married to one of the most famous hip-hop stars in the world? Awesome seats at awesome music festivals. Kim Kardashian cheered on her hubby Kanye West from near the soundboard as he performed on stage in front of at least ... Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Kim Kardashian pictured looking ice cool in sexy white bikini on honeymoon with ...Mirror.co.uk Kanye West Strikes Back at the Press in Bonnaroo ReturnRollingStone.com - by Miriam Coleman In Depth:The Dish: Kanye brings new wife Kim, massive ego to BonnarooMontreal Gazette See all 701 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West »E! Online  - ?5 minutes ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage The remarkable reinvention of Angelina Jolie Telegraph.co.uk  - ?3 hours ago? On the Queen\u0027s Birthday Honours list, the name stood out from those of charity workers, teachers and civil servants: Angelina Jolie - Honorary Dame Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George, for her campaigning work “for ... Related Angelina Jolie » Elizabeth II » Queen Elizabeth names Angelina Jolie \u0027honorary dame\u0027 for humanitarian workNew York Daily News Dame Angelina Jolie is a true lady and the Princess Diana of our timeMirror.co.uk From United Kingdom:Mercury Opinion: The honours system has to changeLeicester Mercury Opinion:Angelina Jolie made honorary Dame by the QueenTimes of India In Depth:Daniel Day-Lewis, Angelina Jolie on Queen\u0027s birthday honours listCBC.ca Wikipedia:Angelina Jolie See all 251 sources » Related Angelina Jolie » Elizabeth II »Telegraph.co.uk  - ?3 hours ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage FIFA World Cup 2014: England vs Italy Live Zee News  - ?1 hour ago? 45+2\u0027- Candreva off the post! The Italian picks the ball and shots from outside the box. The ball ricochets off England\u0027s post. Related England national football team » FIFA World Cup » Italy national football team » Sterling, Sirigu start as England face ItalyThe Hindu England\u0027s World Cup 2014 Campaign Under WayMix 96 From United Kingdom:Fumble in the jungle: England defenders fail to stop Balotelli as he puts Italy 2-1 ...Daily Mail Opinion:Mario Balotelli\u0027s Goal Gives Italy 2-1 Lead Over England At World Cup (VIDEO)Huffington Post In Depth:World Cup 2014: England vs. Italy LiveWall Street Journal (blog) Live Updating:FIFA World Cup 2014 Latest Scores: England 0-0 Italy - LIVEInternational Business Times UK See all 2,466 sources » Related England national football team » FIFA World Cup » Italy national football team » Graphicgh6 hours ago  -  Google+ Buffon to miss Italy opener: Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon confirmed on Saturday he had been ruled out of his team\u0027s opening FIFA World Cup™ clash with England in Manaus. Buffon limped out of …a training session on Friday suffering with a knock and, after receiving treatment, immediately had to undergo sessions of physiotherapy late into the night. On his personal Twitter page, Buffon urged fans to make light of his absence and support his... The Official Website of the FIFA World Cup™ - FIFA.comZee News  - ?1 hour ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Open shows golf needs Tiger Woods to bridge the gap until the next Tiger ... Washington Post  - ?20 minutes ago? PINEHURST - Never have so many people wanted to send Tiger Woods a get well card. As the golf world watches Martin Kaymer turn the U.S. Related U.S. Open Championship » Martin Kaymer » Golf » 2014 US Open: Crowds show up for a Phil surge, which doesn\u0027t comeCBSSports.com US Open 2014: Martin Kaymer\u0027s record start ends and the pack closes inThe Guardian In Depth:U.S. Open 2014 scores: Martin Kaymer holds 5-shot lead over Rickie Fowler ...SB Nation Wikipedia:2014 U.S. Open See all 3,462 sources » Related U.S. Open Championship » Martin Kaymer » Golf » ModernGhana.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Martin Kaymer starts US Open third round - The German, who began this tournament with back-to-back 65s to reach 10 under, suffered a setback at Pinehurst when he bogeyed his second hole on Saturday. H…owever, playing partner Brendon Todd also dropped a shot at the same hole, meaning Kaymer, who is gunning for a second major title after lifting the US PGA Championship in 2010, remained half a dozen clear at the top of the leaderboard. ... http://ow.ly/2Ie2RZ Martin Kaymer starts US Open third roundWashington Post  - ?20 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage WATCH: Jimmy Rollins breaks Mike Schmidt\u0027s Phillies hit record The Star-Ledger  - ?16 minutes ago? PHILADELPHIA -- Move over, Mike Schmidt, there is a new name atop the Phillies\u0027 all-time hit list. Jimmy Rollins stepped to the plate in the fifth inning of Saturday\u0027s 7-4 Phillies win over the Chicago Cubs at Citizens Bank Park and ripped a line-drive single to ... Related Philadelphia Phillies » Chicago Cubs » Phillies 7, Cubs 4Chicago Tribune Rollins sets Phillies\u0027 career hit record in winUSA TODAY In Depth:Phillies-Cubs: 5 things you need to knowComcast SportsNet Philadelphia See all 218 sources » Related Philadelphia Phillies » Chicago Cubs » 6abc Action News1 hour ago  -  Google+ Jimmy Rollins singled in the fifth to pass Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt to become the Phillies\u0027 hits leader and Domonic Brown capped the inning with a three-run homer, leading Philadelphia to a 7-4 …win over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday. Read more -- http://6abc.cm/1lnWDjo #phillies   #mlb   #baseball   #jimmyrollins   #philadelphia  The Star-Ledger  - ?16 minutes ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Greg Cote: Miami Heat must overcome adversity, history to accomplish what\u0027s ... MiamiHerald.com  - ?11 minutes ago? SAN ANTONIO -- The Heat fast-bloomed into the biggest, most talked-about phenomenon in American sports all at once in the summer of 2010 and it was supposed to be so easy, remember? Related San Antonio Spurs » Miami Heat » NBA Finals » Duncan: \u0027It\u0027s not over till it\u0027s over\u0027Washington Post Spurs win by testing Heat\u0027s willpowerESPN Opinion:Cowlishaw: Why the Spurs\u0027 success is tarnishing LeBron James\u0027 legacyDallas Morning News In Depth:Spurs GM reflects as team closes in on fifth titleUSA TODAY - by Sam Amick See all 1,182 sources » Related San Antonio Spurs » Miami Heat » NBA Finals »MiamiHerald.com  - ?11 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Costa Rica upsets Uruguay at World Cup Chron.com  - ?34 minutes ago? TOPSHOTS Costa Rica\u0027s defender Oscar Duarte (L) celebrates scoring his team\u0027s first goal as he runs with Costa Rica\u0027s defender Junior Diaz during a Group D football match between Uruguay and Costa Rica at the Castelao Stadium in Fortaleza during the ... Related FIFA World Cup » Costa Rica national football team » Costa Rica Rallies to Stun UruguayNew York Times Clinical Costa Rica fight back to stun UruguayReuters In Depth:Uruguay without Suarez flatter to deceive as World Cup dark horsesGoal.com See all 884 sources » Related FIFA World Cup » Costa Rica national football team »Chron.com  - ?34 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage NASA spacecraft to search for Oceans on Pluto\u0027s Moon Charon The Westside Story 4 hours ago Written byclinton Hesler The Pluto explorer spacecraft of NASA, New Horizons will help scientists and researchers at NASA to find evidence of an ocean on Pluto\u0027s moon, Charon. Charon May Once Have Had Underground OceanSci-News.com Cracks On Pluto\u0027s Moon Could Reveal Clues About Ancient OceanDesign \u0026 Trend Highly Cited:New Horizons Spacecraft to Help Scientists Find Clues of Ancient Ocean on ...Maine News See all 30 sources » Related: Moon » New Horizons »The Westside Story 4 hours ago Written byclinton HeslerWritten byclinton HeslerPBS NewsHourSee realtime coverage World\u0027s largest ocean may lie below the ocean floor PBS NewsHour 17 minutes ago Written byHari Sreenivasan A study in Science reveals that a massive reservoir of water - in its molecular form - may lie hundreds of miles below the earth\u0027s surface and may hold more water than the earth\u0027s oceans. Vast ocean trapped under core of Earth, scientists saySouth China Morning Post Largest Ocean of the Earth Found 400 to 600 Kilometers Below its SurfaceThe Westside Story In Depth:Oceans\u0027 worth of water locked deep inside the Earth, say scientistsChristian Science Monitor See all 156 sources »PBS NewsHour 17 minutes ago Written byHari SreenivasanWritten byHari SreenivasanUSA TODAYSee realtime coverage 4000 pounds of beef, some at Whole Foods, recalled over fears of mad cow ... Los Angeles Times 2 hours ago Written byJenn Harris More than 4,000 pounds of beef were recalled over fears of contamination with mad cow disease. The majority of the meat was distributed as bone-in rib-eye steak. Why the Latest Mad Cow Beef Recall Should Make You HappySavingAdvice.com - by Jeffrey Strain 4000 pounds of beef recalled in Missouri mad cow scareWSOC Charlotte See all 383 sources » Related: Beef »Los Angeles Times 2 hours ago Written byJenn HarrisWritten byJenn HarrisCBC.caSee realtime coverage Salmonella found in health food powder sickens 21 in US Chicago Tribune  - ?7 hours ago? Salmonella has been found in a health food powder, spurring product recalls in the United States and the launch of a multistate health investigation, federal officials said on Friday. Related Salmonella » Disease » Chia Powder Is Linked to SalmonellaNew York Times Chia Seeds Investigated for Link to Salmonella OutbreakBloomberg In Depth:CDC: Two \u0027sproutbreaks\u0027 sicken more than 70 peopleUSA TODAY See all 144 sources » Related Salmonella » Disease »Chicago Tribune  - ?7 hours ago?Today 79° 63° Sun 75° 61° Mon 73° 59° Tue 75° 59°Today YesterdayMLBLAA 0 0 Bot 3rd ATLWAS 1 0 Bot 3rd STLCIN 1 0 Bot 2nd MILMIN 9 12 Top 9th DETKC 9-1 Final CWSCHC 4-7 Final PHICLE 3-2 Final BOSTOR 2-3 Final BALCOL 5-4 Final SFPIT 8-6 Final MIATB 3-7 Final HOUSD 5-0 Final NYMNYY 7:05 PM PDT OAKARI 7:10 PM PDT LADTEX 7:10 PM PDT SEANHLNYR 2-3 Final LAMLBTOR 4-0 Final BALCHC 2-1 Final PHIMIN 2-0 Final DETCLE 3-10 Final BOSPIT 8-6 Final MIASD 2-6 Final NYMLAA 3-4 Final ATLKC 7-2 Final CWSTB 6-1 Final HOUCIN 6-5 Final MILWAS 0-1 Final STLNYY 7-0 Final OAKARI 3-4 Final LADTEX 1-0 Final SEACOL 7-4 Final SF -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":15,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":30,"second":0},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
