{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentISIS video claims to show beheading of British hostage David HainesPolice Armored Vehicle Is Unwelcome in California College TownMLS  MLB  MLS  MLB  Modesto, California »Phillips helps Modesto outlast PattersonBuffs feast on turnoversMexican Independence Day celebration Monday in ModestoEditors\u0027 PicksQ\u0026A: Ken Burns on Roosevelts at Center of History for a CenturyIs the Cold War Back?Boom in Retiring Lab Chimpanzees Fills New Sanctuaries With ApesQuadruple Homicide in Peruvian Amazon Puts Criminal Logging in SpotlightGiant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to SSpotlight »What it\u0027ll cost you to get a no-contract Apple iPhone 6Sen. Rubio takes harder line on illegal immigrationPrinceton Maintains No. 1 Spot in College RankingsDo retirees need long-term care insurance?Archbishop Sheen\u0027s Corpse Is Subject of Long-Running DisputeWhen and where to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 PlusMen Say Women \u0027Not As Hot\u0027 After Age 21Three Sides of EcuadorMatchmaker, Matchmaker, Make Me A SpreadsheetWith genetic testing, I gave my parents the gift of divorceWho made the Yahoo Sports all-minor league team?iPhone 6 Plus specs versus Samsung Galaxy Note 4, LG G3: \u0027Phablets\u0027 comparedMost popularTreasure hunter Tommy Thompson who discovered the \u0027Ship of \u0027Gold\u0027 in 1988 ...National Football League roundupDavid Haines beheading: Full transcript of ISIS video holding David Cameron ...Beyonce surprises Parisian fans by duetting with Nicki Minaj during On The Run ...Smartphones: The Corporate Personality TestCops hunt for gunman after trooper shot dead in USBeheaded journalist\u0027s family says US no helpUkraine PM slams Putin, ceasefire again under strain in east UkrainePia Zadora badly hurt after Vegas golf cart fallMath Proposed Substitute to Quantum Tenet","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesIslamic State video purports to show beheading of UK hostage David HainesKerry Visits Egypt Seeking Aid in ISIS FightPeterson discipline was \u0027intergenerational transmission\u0027Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande\u0027s Sexy New Video (Watch)Mayweather vs Maidana 2: Fans again put to the test by Floyd\u0027s history of ...Katie Piper: Oscar Pistorius MUST go to jail if there\u0027s any justice for Reeva and ...World »Scotland independence vote: Everything you ever wanted to know about life ...Iraq plans a new force to counter Islamic State. Here\u0027s why some say it\u0027s doomed.Ukraine crisis: EU agrees a crucial Kiev trade delay to aid ceasefireUS intelligence agencies remain uncertain about danger posed by Islamic StateSwedes Vote as Polls Indicate Nation Headed for Hung ParliamentU.S. »Search for Suspect in Shooting at State Police BarracksWhere Is The \u0027Plague of the Gold” Treasure Hunter?Beheaded journalist\u0027s family says US no helpNavy rescuers end ocean search for fighter pilotWith Announcement, Mark Sanford Caught His Ex Off GuardBusiness »Chinese output growth at 5-year lowUS dollar climbs most in 10 monthsTechnology »Now that iPhone 6 is out...Bloat-free, unlocked Moto X to be dubbed \u0027Pure Edition\u0027, says reportTech Talk: Apple expands to new territoryEntertainment »Singer Pia Zadora Hospitalized with Serious Head Injury after Golf Cart AccidentBeyoncé and Jay Z (and Nicki Minaj) take \u0027On the Run\u0027 tour to ParisSports »Danny Ferry takes leave of absenceAll eyes (even those of Texas) are upon UCLA defenseRory McIlroy rides late surge to perfect positioningShane Carden, East Carolina defeat No. 17 Virginia TechBaltimore Fans Overlook Rivalry to Honor Derek JeterScience »Palaeontologists have discovered the world\u0027s first swimming dinosaur in MoroccoHealth »The Photography equipment Progress Financial institution AfDB told West ...Respiratory illness in children raises concerns locallyLiberian president appeals to Obama for US help to beat EbolaRecentModesto, California »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 14 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 14 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT142013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Islamic State video purports to show beheading of UK hostage David Haines Reuters  - ?35 minutes ago? BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria released a video on Saturday which purported to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines. Related United Kingdom » Humanitarian aid » ISIS video claims to show beheading of British hostage David HainesFox News \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New VideoABC News From United Kingdom:Profile of British hostage David HainesBBC News Trending on Google+:ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David HainesNBCNews.com Opinion:Full transcript of ISIS video that allegedly depicts beheading of British aid worker ...New York Daily News In Depth:ISIS Says It Executed David Cawthorne Haines, British Aid WorkerNew York Times See all 322 sources » Related United Kingdom » Humanitarian aid » YouTube YouTubeISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan \u003cb\u003e...\u003c/b\u003e ISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan ... - YouTube NBCNews.com NBCNews.com ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David Haines NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Kin of British Aid Worker David Haines Send Message to ISIS Captors BBC News BBC News David Haines\u0027s \u0027evil murder\u0027 condemned by PM BBC News BBC News Profile of British hostage David Haines New York Daily News New York Daily News Family of David Haines, British aid worker held by ISIS, pleads with terror group ... International Business Times International Business Times David Cameron Condemns David Haines Beheading Video As \u0027Act Of Pure Evil ... Belfast Telegraph Belfast Telegraph FCO probe Haines \u0027beheading\u0027 video Hartlepool Mail Hartlepool Mail Family appeal over British hostage Telegraph.co.uk Telegraph.co.uk British hostage David Haines beheaded by Islamic State terrorists New York Magazine New York Magazine ISIS Beheads British Aid Worker David Haines fox4kc.com fox4kc.com ISIS appears to execute British aid worker David Haines WEAR WEAR Family of Syria hostage issues plea to captors CBS News CBS News ISIS claims to execute aid worker in new video Daily Beast Daily Beast ISIS Beheads British Hostage The Times (subscription) The Times (subscription) Isis claim beheading of British hostage WABC-TV WABC-TV \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New Video WOAI WOAI Video purports to show British aid worker slain The Inquisitr The Inquisitr ISIS Strikes Again: British Hostage David Haines Beheaded As \u0027A Message To ... Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Family of British hostage sends message to IS captors New York TimesSee realtime coverage Kerry Visits Egypt Seeking Aid in ISIS Fight New York Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Secretary of State John Kerry and Sameh Shoukry, the Egyptian foreign minister, in Cairo. Credit Mohamed El-Shahed/Agence France-Presse - Getty Images. Related John Kerry » Egypt » United States Secretary of State » Egypt wants wider \u0027anti-ISIL\u0027 campaignAljazeera.com John Kerry seeks Egypt\u0027s support for mission to build coalition against ISISCNN From Egypt:Egypt trying to reposition itself as bastion of stabilityAhram Online From Ireland:John Kerry in Cairo for talksIrish Independent Opinion:Kerry: Egypt In, Iran Out of CoalitionDaily Beast In Depth:\u0027Global action needed to counter Islamic State\u0027Daily Times See all 329 sources » Related John Kerry » Egypt » United States Secretary of State » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #egypt . US Secretary of State John Kerry is in Egypt in his campaign to form a broad coalition to tackle Islamic State (IS) militants. Kerry arrives in Egypt for IS talks NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Peterson discipline was \u0027intergenerational transmission\u0027 Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?31 minutes ago? Adrian Peterson told police the “whoopings” he gave to his 4-year-old son came from a switch similar to the ones used on him when he was an east Texas boy, lessons in discipline that he believes helped carve him into an NFL star. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Peterson case creates new crisis for NFLU.S. News \u0026 World Report Bell Tolls: Vikings\u0027 statement with Peterson should be new NFL standardUSA TODAY Highly Cited:UPDATED: EXCLUSIVE Details On Adrian Peterson Indictment ChargesCBS Local Trending on Google+:Adrian Peterson Charges Taken \u0027Extremely Seriously\u0027: District AttorneyNBCNews.com Wikipedia:Adrian Peterson See all 1,458 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Chicago Tribune4 hours ago  -  Google+ Adrian Peterson booked on child injury charges, out on bond Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was booked on child injury charges. He is out on bail but will not be playing on Sunday. Singersroom NewsSee realtime coverage Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande\u0027s Sexy New Video (Watch) Access Hollywood  - ?2 hours ago? Chris Brown and Ariana Grande are heating things up in Chris\u0027 new music video, \"Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long.\" In the fairy tale/medieval-themed clip, Chris plays the hunted lover of Ariana, a princess, who is captured by an evil king. Related Ariana Grande » Chris Brown » Chris Brown drops \u0027Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long\u0027 video featuring Ariana GrandeRhyme Junkie Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande\u0027s Chemistry Is Undeniable In Video \u0027Don\u0027t Be ...MemphisRap.com Opinion:Ariana Grande Plays A Fairy Tale Princess In Chris Brown\u0027s New Video--WatchMTV.com In Depth:Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande Are Enchanted Lovers In \u0027Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long ...Just Jared See all 43 sources » Related Ariana Grande » Chris Brown » Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Mayweather vs Maidana 2: Fans again put to the test by Floyd\u0027s history of ... SB Nation  - ?6 minutes ago? Floyd Mayweather\u0027s bout with Marcos Maidana is exciting on a boxing level, but the prospect of paying $75 to watch a serial abuser is causing conflict for many fans. Related Floyd Mayweather Jr. » Marcos Maidana » Mayweather vs Maidana pre-fight showTelegraph.co.uk Mayweather vs Maidana 2: Live fight online coverage with round by round live ...Bloody Elbow Opinion:You Could Watch Floyd Mayweather\u0027s Shitty, Overpriced PPV. But Why?Deadspin Live Updating:Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana live blog, fight resultsCBSSports.com Wikipedia:Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana II See all 720 sources » Related Floyd Mayweather Jr. » Marcos Maidana » Arab News7 hours ago  -  Google+ BOXING: Floyd Mayweather Jr. rarely hands anyone a rematch and Argentine brawler Marcos Maidana is hoping to make the undefeated welterweight champion regret giving him a second chance when the fighte…rs meet again today. http://goo.gl/GLLPYX Maidana hoping to make Mayweather pay for rare rematch Mirror.co.ukSee realtime coverage Katie Piper: Oscar Pistorius MUST go to jail if there\u0027s any justice for Reeva and ... Mirror.co.uk  - ?1 hour ago? The trial of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has kept me fascinated and shocked in equal measure. But like many women, I was relieved this week when he was found guilty of culpable homicide after killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Murder » Did Oscar Pistorius meet his match in Reeva Steenkamp?Stuff.co.nz Pistorius: Reeva Steenkamp was just a chapter in a scary storyThe Independent From South Africa:\u0027Firearm negligence, firearm conviction may lead to prison sentence for Pistorius\u0027Eyewitness News Opinion:Pistorius judge was wrongJerusalem Post In Depth:Macramalla: Judge made error during conviction of PistoriusTSN Wikipedia:Trial of Oscar Pistorius See all 5,754 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Murder » World » The IndependentSee realtime coverage Scotland independence vote: Everything you ever wanted to know about life ... The Independent  - ?6 minutes ago? Would England, Wales and Northern Ireland still be known as the United Kingdom? It is hard to see what else to call it. The rUK (rest of the UK) abbreviation was a temporary shorthand during the referendum debate. Related Scotland » Alex Salmond » Rival camps target undecided votersDaily Mail Scottish independence poll: Result on a knife edgeScotsman Trending on Google+:Scottish Independence: England\u0027s Shameful SecretForbes Opinion:Salmond says \u0027bullying\u0027 of Scots will backfireFinancial Times In Depth:As referendum nears, Scotland seems on the verge of a nervous breakdownNational Post Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 1,288 sources » Related Scotland » Alex Salmond » Jim Fawcette6 hours ago  -  Google+ Scottish Separatists Threaten Businesses that Voice Concerns \"But former Scottish Nationalist Party deputy leader Jim Sillars went much further than separatist leader Alex Salmond, warning that… BP\u0027s operations in Scotland might face nationalization if Scots voted for secession on Sept. 18.\" Scottish independence battle draws \u0027day of reckoning\u0027 warning to business Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Iraq plans a new force to counter Islamic State. Here\u0027s why some say it\u0027s doomed. Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? BAGHDAD - Watban al-Jabbouri is the kind of man that the Iraqi and U.S. governments are depending on to turn the tide against the Islamic State fighters who have seized a huge swath of territory in this country. Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Haider Al-Abadi » Iraq PM orders halt to air strikes of civilian areasThe Globe and Mail Iraq premier orders halt on airstrikes over civilian areas held by ISISIndian Express Opinion:Islamic State just one element of a broader strategic challengeThe Australian In Depth:Iraq leader orders his air force to not bomb civilian areasLos Angeles Times See all 256 sources » Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Haider Al-Abadi » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #iraq . John Kerry says Iranian role in coalition to confront Islamic State in Syria precluded by support of Damascus regime. US: no place for Iran at Islamic State talks The IndependentSee realtime coverage Ukraine crisis: EU agrees a crucial Kiev trade delay to aid ceasefire The Independent  - ?57 minutes ago? An unexpected decision by the European Union allowing Kiev to delay the implementation of a key trade agreement was part of a deal struck between Vladimir Putin and Petro Poroshenko over the ceasefire in Ukraine\u0027s civil war, according to senior ... Related Russia » European Union » Ukraine » Exxon Riles U.S., EU by Using Sanctions LoopholeBloomberg Putin Intent on Taking \u0027All of Ukraine,\u0027 Leader SaysNew York Times From Russia:EU Envoy Claims Brussels Showed Flexibility in Trade Zone Talks With Ukraine ...RIA Novosti From Ukraine:Wall Street Journal: Ukraine economy battered, as more fighting in east despite ...Kyiv Post In Depth:A Ukrainian soldier takes up position near the city of Pervomaysk. Source: AFPThe Australian Wikipedia:International sanctions during the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine See all 5,716 sources » Related Russia » European Union » Ukraine » Tourej Ansari11 hours ago  -  Google+ Putin trying to destroy Ukraine, says its PM \"His goal is to take all of Ukraine ... Russia is a threat to the global order and to the security of the whole of Europe,\" said Yatseniuk, who …is known for his hawkish rhetoric. \"We are still in a stage of war and the key aggressor is the Russian Federation ... Putin wants another frozen conflict (in eastern Ukraine),\" Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk told a conference attended by ... ReutersSee realtime coverage US intelligence agencies remain uncertain about danger posed by Islamic State Washington Post  - ?2 hours ago? Hours before President Obama announced a new U.S. military offensive against the Islamic State, one of his top counterterrorism officials testified to Congress that the al-Qaeda offshoot had an estimated 10,000 fighters. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iran » Coalition » Iran says Paris anti-jihadist meeting just for showAhram Online Iran accuses US of violating sovereignty in fight against \u0027terrorism\u0027Times of Oman From Iran:Iran Calls US-Led Anti-ISIL Coalition “Suspicious”Ahlul Bayt News Agency - abna.ir Opinion:War fever: Overselling the war against Islamic State?Haaretz See all 318 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iran » Coalition » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #iraq . John Kerry says Iranian role in coalition to confront Islamic State in Syria precluded by support of Damascus regime. US: no place for Iran at Islamic State talks MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Swedes Vote as Polls Indicate Nation Headed for Hung Parliament Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago? Swedes cast their ballots today as polls show the largest Nordic economy could be left with a hung parliament amid rising support for the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats. Related Sweden » Elections » Polls show narrow opposition win in Sweden voteDaily Times Sweden votes with centre-left opposition targeting narrow leadDaily Mail In Depth:Free-market era in Sweden swept away as feminists and greens plot new pathThe Guardian Wikipedia:Swedish general election, 2014 See all 48 sources » Related Sweden » Elections » More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Search for Suspect in Shooting at State Police Barracks wnep.com  - ?23 minutes ago? BLOOMING GROVE TOWNSHIP - The search for suspects in the ambush at the State Police Barracks at Blooming Grove continued Saturday evening, almost a full 24 hours after the attack that left a State Police corporal dead and a trooper injured. Related Pennsylvania State Police » Barracks » Pa. State Police identify trooper killed in ambushKFOX El Paso Pa. police: 1 trooper dead, another injured in shootingUSA TODAY Opinion:Late-Night Ambush Leaves Trooper DeadDaily Beast See all 434 sources » Related Pennsylvania State Police » Barracks » The Free Thought Project7 hours ago  -  Google+ BREAKING: Shooting at State Police Barracks in Pike County, PA Police are searching for a shooting suspect or suspects who ambushed a police barracks in Blooming Grove, Pa.  Learn more \u0026 Video h…ere \u003e\u003e http://bit.ly/1qMpcZb BREAKING: Shooting at State Police Barracks in Pike County, PA Capital WiredSee realtime coverage Where Is The \u0027Plague of the Gold” Treasure Hunter? Capital Wired  - ?3 hours ago? After discovering one of the greatest sunken treasure finds in history, treasure hunter Tommy Thompson has apparently disappeared. Related Gold » Feds chase treasure hunter turned fugitiveseattlepi.com Tommy Thompson spottedUpstart Magazine See all 74 sources » Related Gold » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Beheaded journalist\u0027s family says US no help USA TODAY  - ?28 minutes ago? The mother and brother of beheaded U.S. journalist James Foley have criticized the Obama administration for its handling of his abduction by Islamist extremists and how officials dealt with the family. Related Federal government of the United States » United States of America » James Foley\u0027s Parents Claim U.S. Officials Threatened the Family Over Ransom ...Techsonia U.S. Officials Threatened James Foley\u0027s Parents With Prosecution Over RansomSlate Magazine (blog) Highly Cited:Kerry \u0027taken aback\u0027 by James Foley\u0027s mother\u0027s reaction to handling of caseCNN Trending on Google+:\u0027So Little Compassion\u0027: James Foley\u0027s Parents Say Officials Threatened Family ...ABC News In Depth:With: John and Diane FoleyFox News See all 293 sources » Related Federal government of the United States » United States of America » Michael Schobel10 hours ago  -  Google+ #syria   #IS . Mother of American reporter James Foley says US official made threat if family paid ransom to Islamic State group. Foley family \u0027threatened with terror charge\u0027 NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Navy rescuers end ocean search for fighter pilot AL.com  - ?1 hour ago? FA 18.JPG F/A-18C Hornet assigned to the Valions of Strike Fighter Squadron 15 moves across the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Related United States Navy » Pacific Ocean » Navy ends search for downed jet pilotU-T San Diego US Navy calls off search for pilot after jets crash in PacificBBC News Highly Cited:Navy suspends search for missing pilot after jet collisionCNN From Guam:Navy fighter pilot missing: Jets collide off carrier scheduled for Guam exercisesPacific Daily News See all 92 sources » Related United States Navy » Pacific Ocean » CBS 8 San Diego2 hours ago  -  Google+ UPDATE: The #Navy said Saturday that it presumes the pilot is dead after failing to find him during a 36-hour search.  Rescuers end ocean search for Navy fighter pilot SFGateSee realtime coverage With Announcement, Mark Sanford Caught His Ex Off Guard New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago? Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina surprised the political world on Friday with his announcement that he was ending his engagement to the woman with whom he had an extramarital affair, the revelation of which stunted his rising-star career five ... Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Mark Sanford: South Carolina GOP Representative Breaks off Engagement to ...Latin Post Mark Sanford Wants You To Know2paragraphs.com In Depth:Mark Sanford, fiance break off engagementPolitico See all 191 sources » Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » More U.S. stories Business » The HinduSee realtime coverage Chinese output growth at 5-year low The Hindu  - ?5 hours ago? China\u0027s factory output in August slowed to 6.9 percent from a year earlier amid waning export demand and a slump in real estate development that has undermined steel and cement production, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics. Related China » Economy » China August industrial growth hits 6-year lowMarketWatch Economists React: China August Industrial Growth Hits Six-Year LowWall Street Journal (blog) In Depth:China Aug factory growth slows to near 6-year low, calls grow for more stimulusReuters See all 161 sources » Related China » Economy » Economic TimesSee realtime coverage US dollar climbs most in 10 months Taipei Times  - ?8 hours ago? The US dollar had its biggest weekly gain in 10 months amid speculation that the Federal Reserve will signal after a meeting next week that it is moving closer to raising interest rates for the first time since 2006. Related United States Dollar » Federal Reserve System » Dollar hits fresh six-year high against yen in AsiaBusiness Recorder FOREX-Dollar index gains for 9th week, dollar hits six-year high vs yenReuters UK In Depth:Premarket: US dollar heads for its best run in 17 yearsThe Globe and Mail See all 354 sources » Related United States Dollar » Federal Reserve System » More Business stories Technology » Nigerian TribuneSee realtime coverage Now that iPhone 6 is out... Nigerian Tribune  - ?56 minutes ago? The much-talked about iPhone 6 was finally launched on Tuesday, September 9. After being the subject of several months of rumours surrounding the product, Apple, makers of iPad, iPhone and iPad released two models of the iPhone 6 namely the 4.7-inch ... Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » AT\u0026T: iPhone 6 represents our biggest preorder launch everCNET You\u0027ll Have to Wait Til October to Get an iPhone 6 PlusTIME Opinion:Buyers bite big at larger Apple iPhonesNew Vision See all 1,353 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » Kenton Varda2 hours ago  -  Google+ Media bias towards Apple just gets more and more perplexing. Why would die-hard Android users be interested in an iPhone that\u0027s only now catching up with the features Android offered two years ago…? The \"small\" version of the iPhone 6 is basically a Nexus 4 in terms of size and resolution. The iPhone 6 \"plus\" has resolution matching the Nexus 5 at twice the cost and dimensions that make it too big for even my (rather large)... The New iPhone May Finally Persuade Die-Hard Android Users To Quit Android Headlines - Android NewsSee realtime coverage Bloat-free, unlocked Moto X to be dubbed \u0027Pure Edition\u0027, says report Register  - ?2 hours ago? Motorola has reportedly named its yet to be released bloat-free, unlocked Moto X the \"Pure Edition\". According to the Verge , the handset maker is planning to ship the unbranded version of its Moto X model later this month. Related Moto X » Motorola » How Does The Industry Feel About the Moto 360?PNC Voice Featured Review: Moto 360Android Headlines - Android News Trending on Google+:Moto 360 review: It\u0027s the best Android Wear watch, but that isn\u0027t saying muchEngadget See all 99 sources » Related Moto X » Motorola » JR Raphael7 hours ago  -  Google+ I joined + Phil Nickinson , + Jerry Hildenbrand , and + Russell Holly for this week\u0027s Android Central Podcast. I was severely outbearded. (Special bonus: The first three minutes of the show feature a static shot of me sitting and st…aring!) Audio-only stream here: http://www.androidcentral.com/podcast/android-central-202-jerrys-moto-x-conundrum ReutersSee realtime coverage Tech Talk: Apple expands to new territory St. Cloud Times  - ?48 minutes ago? Apple expanded its annual iPhone event this year to include announcement of its intent to enter two new product categories. Along with the fabled wearable, officially called Apple Watch, the company announced a new digital payment system, Apple Pay. Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Hands-on with the new Apple WatchKPTV.com Apple Watch, iPhone 6/6 Plus: Apple launches its most exciting gadget in years ...Daily Mail Trending on Google+:What Apple knows about smartwatches that Google doesn\u0027tComputerworld Opinion:Apple Is Becoming A Very Different Company - And Not Just Because Of Its ...Business Insider In Depth:Apple watch threatens Swiss industry\u0027s timepiecesChicago Tribune See all 1,034 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Watches » More Technology stories Entertainment » Headlines \u0026 Global NewsSee realtime coverage Singer Pia Zadora Hospitalized with Serious Head Injury after Golf Cart Accident Headlines \u0026 Global News  - ?29 minutes ago? Singer and actress Pia Zadora was rushed to a Las Vegas hospital on Thursday, Sept. 11 with serious head injuries after a golf cart accident. Related Pia Zadora » Broadway Star Pia Zadora Injured in Golf Cart AccidentKMBZ Singer Pia Zadora Recovering in ICU After Golf Cart Head InjuryViral Global News See all 197 sources » Related Pia Zadora » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Beyoncé and Jay Z (and Nicki Minaj) take \u0027On the Run\u0027 tour to Paris Digital Spy  - ?3 hours ago? Beyoncé and Jay Z performed the latest show of their \u0027On The Run\u0027 tour in Paris on Friday night (September 12), as seen in the pictures below. Related Nicki Minaj » Beyoncé \u0026 Nick Minaj Perform “Flawless (Remix)” [VIDEO]Hip-Hop Wired Beyoncé \u0026 Nicki Minaj Perform Flawless Remix In Paris! Très Bon!PerezHilton.com See all 73 sources » Related Nicki Minaj » More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage Danny Ferry takes leave of absence ESPN  - ?42 minutes ago? Stephen A. Smith discusses Danny Ferry taking an indefinite leave of absence as general manager of the Atlanta Hawks. Tags: NBA, Atlanta Hawks · Hawks GM Danny Ferry Takes Indefinite Leave Of Absence ... Related Atlanta Hawks » Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks CEO: \u0027We did not do the right thing\u0027 repeatedly on raceKUTV 2News NBA Hawks CEO Apologizes After GM Takes Leave for RemarksBusinessweek Opinion:Atlanta Hawks apologize for GM\u0027s racially charged commentsTBO.com In Depth:Carmelo Anthony blasts Hawks, says free agents will look elsewhereNewsday Wikipedia:Danny Ferry See all 587 sources » Related Atlanta Hawks » Danny Ferry » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage All eyes (even those of Texas) are upon UCLA defense Los Angeles Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Linebacker Myles Jack and the UCLA defense will be the focus of much attention when the Bruins play Texas on Saturday. Linebacker Myles Jack and the UCLA defense will be the focus of much attention when the Bruins play Texas on Saturday. Related University of California, Los Angeles » Texas » Texas vs. UCLA: Countdown to kickoffAustin American-Statesman (blog) UCLA vs. Texas Live Stream Online FREE: Watch \u0026 Listen To NCAA College ...Sports World News Opinion:Tyrone Swoopes, Texas remain mysteries entering UCLA challengeDallas Morning News In Depth:UT\u0027s Swoopes specialized in making something of nothingChron.com See all 273 sources » Related University of California, Los Angeles » Texas » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Rory McIlroy rides late surge to perfect positioning USA TODAY  - ?12 minutes ago? ATLANTA - Somewhat listless for much Saturday\u0027s third round as his best game remained back at the hotel, Rory McIlroy finally ignited some energy within with an eagle on the 15th hole at sun-kissed East Lake Golf Club and now is exactly where he wants to ... Related Rory McIlroy » Billy Horschel » McIlroy joins Horschel in Tour Championship leadMiamiHerald.com Billy Horschel would not leave Tour Championship for pregnant wifeCBSSports.com In Depth:McIlroy, Horschel tied for Tour Championship leadWashington Post See all 1,072 sources » Related Rory McIlroy » Billy Horschel » Golf.com53 minutes ago  -  Google+ The FedEx Cup is doing everything it can to grab your attention for one last time this season. Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are tied for the lead at 9-under and will duke it out in the final pairin…g tomorrow for the Tour Championship. Fight To The Finish ESPNSee realtime coverage Shane Carden, East Carolina defeat No. 17 Virginia Tech ESPN  - ?24 minutes ago? Coming off a tough loss at South Carolina the week before, Ruffin McNeill and his team got the upset on the road at Virginia Tech. Related Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University » East Carolina Pirates football » Carden finds 7 receiversNews \u0026 Observer East Carolina scores late to knock off Virginia TechReuters In Depth:No. 17 Virginia Tech falls to East Carolina 28-21Washington Post See all 287 sources » Related Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University » East Carolina Pirates football » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Baltimore Fans Overlook Rivalry to Honor Derek Jeter New York Times  - ?58 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - Something felt wrong, very wrong, Friday at Camden Yards as the Orioles and the Yankees opened a weekend series. When Derek Jeter stepped to the plate Friday night - for one of the final times, after 1,166 at-bats in 284 regular-season ... Related New York Yankees » New York Yankees - PlayerWatchReuters Yankees\u0027 Chase Headley will wear mask to protect hurt jawThe Star-Ledger See all 50 sources » Related New York Yankees » More Sports stories Science » IBNLiveSee realtime coverage Palaeontologists have discovered the world\u0027s first swimming dinosaur in Morocco IBNLive  - ?19 hours ago? New York: In a surprise find, palaeontologists have discovered the world\u0027s first known swimming dinosaur - a 15-metre-long behemoth with a crocodile-like face. Related Dinosaurs » Humongous dinosaur was \u0027half duck, half crocodile\u0027Christian Science Monitor Bizarre dinosaur with jaws like a crocodile, feet like a duck unveiledCBS News Trending on Google+:Spinosaurus fossil: \u0027Giant swimming dinosaur\u0027 unearthedBBC News In Depth:Paleontologist Finds Dinosaur Paradise, Including First Dino Known to SwimNational Geographic See all 506 sources » Related Dinosaurs » More Science stories Health » ReutersSee realtime coverage The Photography equipment Progress Financial institution AfDB told West ... Upstart Magazine  - ?5 hours ago? PARIS, FRANCE, Sept 13 (Reuters) - The Photography equipment Progress Financial institution (AfDB) told West Photography equipment international toughest location attack by means of a good Ebola outbreak. Related African Development Bank » Ebola Outbreak: AfDB offers $150 Million Donation to West AfricaCapital OTC AfDB offers $150 million to help West Africa handle Ebola fallout - Le MondeFirstpost See all 13 sources » Related African Development Bank » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Respiratory illness in children raises concerns locally Aiken Standard  - ?29 minutes ago? An outbreak of a virus that has been causing severe respiratory problems in children in the Midwest and other parts of the country recently has state and local health officials on alert. Related Enterovirus » Enterovirus D68 Hits Children in New YorkTechsonia Enterovirus Persist But Not SeriousDiabetes Insider See all 304 sources » Related Enterovirus » Newsday1 hour ago  -  Google+ New York is the latest state to confirm cases of a severe respiratory illness among children in a nationwide outbreak, with more than a dozen children infected so far with enterovirus EV-D68. Serious respiratory virus has struck children in NY, health officials say -... ReutersSee realtime coverage Liberian president appeals to Obama for US help to beat Ebola Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? DAKAR (Reuters) - Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has appealed to U.S. President Barack Obama for urgent aid in tackling the worst recorded outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus, saying that without it her country would lose the fight against the ... Related Ebola » Liberia » FIFA, UN to cooperate in fight against EbolaIBNLive US Scientists See Dire Future in Ebola CrisisNDTV In Depth:Liberian President Pleads With Obama for Assistance in Combating EbolaNew York Times See all 209 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » Adam Sweet11 hours ago  -  Google+ A top German virologist has caused shockwaves by asserting that it’s too late to halt the spread of Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia and that five million people will die, noting that efforts should …now be focused on stopping the transmission of the virus to other countries Virologist: Fight against Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia is lost |... More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent ISIS video claims to show beheading of British hostage David Haines Fox News - 19 minutes ago Police Armored Vehicle Is Unwelcome in California College Town New York Times - 58 minutes ago Weather for Modesto, California Today 99° 66° Sun 95° 63° Mon 93° 59° Tue 91° 59° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   MTL 1 0 22:21 1H NE NY 2-2 Final PHI TOR 1410654600 CHI CLB 1410654600 HOU VAN 1410654600 DAL POR 1410656400 COL MLB   MIN 4 3 Bot 1st CHW COL 0 4 Top 2nd STL WAS 2 0 Top 2nd NYM CIN 0 0 Bot 2nd MIL BOS 1 2 Bot 3rd KC CLE 2 2 Top 3rd DET MIA 1 2 Top 3rd PHI CHC 3 0 Top 3rd PIT NYY 3-2 Final BAL ATL 2-3 Final TEX TB 3-6 Final TOR MIN 1-5 Final CHW SD 1410653400 ARI LAD 1410656700 SF HOU 1410656700 LAA OAK 1410657000 SEA live match MLS   RSL 2-3 Final SEA KC 4-0 Final CHV MLB   NYY 1-2 Final BAL NYY 0-5 Final BAL CHC 3-7 Final PIT MIA 1-3 Final PHI TB 1-0 Final TOR CLE 2-7 Final DET WAS 3-4 Final NYM ATL 1-2 Final TEX BOS 4-2 Final KC MIN - Final CHW CIN 2-3 Final MIL COL 1-5 Final STL SD 6-5 Final ARI HOU 3-11 Final LAA OAK 2-4 Final SEA LAD 0-9 Final SF Modesto, California » Phillips helps Modesto outlast Patterson Modesto Bee - 13 hours ago Buffs feast on turnovers Manteca Bulletin - 15 hours ago Mexican Independence Day celebration Monday in Modesto Merced Sun-Star - 2 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Q\u0026A: Ken Burns on Roosevelts at Center of History for a Century Jeremy Berlin Is the Cold War Back? Eve Conant Boom in Retiring Lab Chimpanzees Fills New Sanctuaries With Apes Virginia Morell Quadruple Homicide in Peruvian Amazon Puts Criminal Logging in Spotlight Scott Wallace Giant Spinosaurus Was Bigger Than T. Rex—And First Dinosaur Known to S Dan Vergano Learn more Spotlight » What it\u0027ll cost you to get a no-contract Apple iPhone 6 CNET - Sep 9, 2014 Sen. Rubio takes harder line on illegal immigration PBS NewsHour - 6 hours ago Princeton Maintains No. 1 Spot in College Rankings Wall Street Journal - Sep 8, 2014 Do retirees need long-term care insurance? USA TODAY - Sep 9, 2014 Archbishop Sheen\u0027s Corpse Is Subject of Long-Running Dispute New York Times - 18 minutes ago When and where to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus CNET - Sep 9, 2014 Men Say Women \u0027Not As Hot\u0027 After Age 21 Discovery News - Sep 12, 2014 Three Sides of Ecuador New York Times - Sep 12, 2014 Matchmaker, Matchmaker, Make Me A Spreadsheet FiveThirtyEight (blog) - Sep 9, 2014 With genetic testing, I gave my parents the gift of divorce Vox - Sep 9, 2014 Who made the Yahoo Sports all-minor league team? Yahoo Sports - Sep 9, 2014 iPhone 6 Plus specs versus Samsung Galaxy Note 4, LG G3: \u0027Phablets\u0027 compared CNET - Sep 9, 2014 Most popular Treasure hunter Tommy Thompson who discovered the \u0027Ship of \u0027Gold\u0027 in 1988 ... Daily Mail - 2 hours ago National Football League roundup Eurosport.com AU - 6 minutes ago David Haines beheading: Full transcript of ISIS video holding David Cameron ... Mirror.co.uk - 11 minutes ago Beyonce surprises Parisian fans by duetting with Nicki Minaj during On The Run ... Daily Mail - 1 hour ago Smartphones: The Corporate Personality Test New York Times - 55 minutes ago Cops hunt for gunman after trooper shot dead in US Times of India - 36 minutes ago Beheaded journalist\u0027s family says US no help USA TODAY - 28 minutes ago Ukraine PM slams Putin, ceasefire again under strain in east Ukraine Times of India - 30 minutes ago Pia Zadora badly hurt after Vegas golf cart fall SFGate - 12 minutes ago Math Proposed Substitute to Quantum Tenet Capital Wired - 2 hours agoNBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Islamic State video purports to show beheading of UK hostage David Haines Reuters  - ?35 minutes ago? BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria released a video on Saturday which purported to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines. Related United Kingdom » Humanitarian aid » ISIS video claims to show beheading of British hostage David HainesFox News \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New VideoABC News From United Kingdom:Profile of British hostage David HainesBBC News Trending on Google+:ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David HainesNBCNews.com Opinion:Full transcript of ISIS video that allegedly depicts beheading of British aid worker ...New York Daily News In Depth:ISIS Says It Executed David Cawthorne Haines, British Aid WorkerNew York Times See all 322 sources » Related United Kingdom » Humanitarian aid » YouTube YouTubeISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan \u003cb\u003e...\u003c/b\u003e ISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan ... - YouTube NBCNews.com NBCNews.com ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David Haines NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Kin of British Aid Worker David Haines Send Message to ISIS Captors BBC News BBC News David Haines\u0027s \u0027evil murder\u0027 condemned by PM BBC News BBC News Profile of British hostage David Haines New York Daily News New York Daily News Family of David Haines, British aid worker held by ISIS, pleads with terror group ... International Business Times International Business Times David Cameron Condemns David Haines Beheading Video As \u0027Act Of Pure Evil ... Belfast Telegraph Belfast Telegraph FCO probe Haines \u0027beheading\u0027 video Hartlepool Mail Hartlepool Mail Family appeal over British hostage Telegraph.co.uk Telegraph.co.uk British hostage David Haines beheaded by Islamic State terrorists New York Magazine New York Magazine ISIS Beheads British Aid Worker David Haines fox4kc.com fox4kc.com ISIS appears to execute British aid worker David Haines WEAR WEAR Family of Syria hostage issues plea to captors CBS News CBS News ISIS claims to execute aid worker in new video Daily Beast Daily Beast ISIS Beheads British Hostage The Times (subscription) The Times (subscription) Isis claim beheading of British hostage WABC-TV WABC-TV \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New Video WOAI WOAI Video purports to show British aid worker slain The Inquisitr The Inquisitr ISIS Strikes Again: British Hostage David Haines Beheaded As \u0027A Message To ... Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Family of British hostage sends message to IS captorsReuters  - ?35 minutes ago?YouTube YouTubeISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan \u003cb\u003e...\u003c/b\u003e ISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan ... - YouTube NBCNews.com NBCNews.com ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David Haines NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Kin of British Aid Worker David Haines Send Message to ISIS Captors BBC News BBC News David Haines\u0027s \u0027evil murder\u0027 condemned by PM BBC News BBC News Profile of British hostage David Haines New York Daily News New York Daily News Family of David Haines, British aid worker held by ISIS, pleads with terror group ... International Business Times International Business Times David Cameron Condemns David Haines Beheading Video As \u0027Act Of Pure Evil ... Belfast Telegraph Belfast Telegraph FCO probe Haines \u0027beheading\u0027 video Hartlepool Mail Hartlepool Mail Family appeal over British hostage Telegraph.co.uk Telegraph.co.uk British hostage David Haines beheaded by Islamic State terrorists New York Magazine New York Magazine ISIS Beheads British Aid Worker David Haines fox4kc.com fox4kc.com ISIS appears to execute British aid worker David Haines WEAR WEAR Family of Syria hostage issues plea to captors CBS News CBS News ISIS claims to execute aid worker in new video Daily Beast Daily Beast ISIS Beheads British Hostage The Times (subscription) The Times (subscription) Isis claim beheading of British hostage WABC-TV WABC-TV \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New Video WOAI WOAI Video purports to show British aid worker slain The Inquisitr The Inquisitr ISIS Strikes Again: British Hostage David Haines Beheaded As \u0027A Message To ... Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Family of British hostage sends message to IS captorsYouTube YouTubeISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan \u003cb\u003e...\u003c/b\u003e ISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan ... - YouTube NBCNews.com NBCNews.com ISIS Extremists Claim to Behead British Hostage David Haines NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Kin of British Aid Worker David Haines Send Message to ISIS Captors BBC News BBC News David Haines\u0027s \u0027evil murder\u0027 condemned by PM BBC News BBC News Profile of British hostage David Haines New York Daily News New York Daily News Family of David Haines, British aid worker held by ISIS, pleads with terror group ... International Business Times International Business Times David Cameron Condemns David Haines Beheading Video As \u0027Act Of Pure Evil ... Belfast Telegraph Belfast Telegraph FCO probe Haines \u0027beheading\u0027 video Hartlepool Mail Hartlepool Mail Family appeal over British hostage Telegraph.co.uk Telegraph.co.uk British hostage David Haines beheaded by Islamic State terrorists New York Magazine New York Magazine ISIS Beheads British Aid Worker David Haines fox4kc.com fox4kc.com ISIS appears to execute British aid worker David Haines WEAR WEAR Family of Syria hostage issues plea to captors CBS News CBS News ISIS claims to execute aid worker in new video Daily Beast Daily Beast ISIS Beheads British Hostage The Times (subscription) The Times (subscription) Isis claim beheading of British hostage WABC-TV WABC-TV \u0027Pure Evil\u0027: ISIS Appears to Kill British Hostage in New Video WOAI WOAI Video purports to show British aid worker slain The Inquisitr The Inquisitr ISIS Strikes Again: British Hostage David Haines Beheaded As \u0027A Message To ... Channel News Asia Channel News Asia Family of British hostage sends message to IS captorsISIS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan ... - YouTubeNew York TimesSee realtime coverage Kerry Visits Egypt Seeking Aid in ISIS Fight New York Times  - ?8 minutes ago? Secretary of State John Kerry and Sameh Shoukry, the Egyptian foreign minister, in Cairo. Credit Mohamed El-Shahed/Agence France-Presse - Getty Images. Related John Kerry » Egypt » United States Secretary of State » Egypt wants wider \u0027anti-ISIL\u0027 campaignAljazeera.com John Kerry seeks Egypt\u0027s support for mission to build coalition against ISISCNN From Egypt:Egypt trying to reposition itself as bastion of stabilityAhram Online From Ireland:John Kerry in Cairo for talksIrish Independent Opinion:Kerry: Egypt In, Iran Out of CoalitionDaily Beast In Depth:\u0027Global action needed to counter Islamic State\u0027Daily Times See all 329 sources » Related John Kerry » Egypt » United States Secretary of State » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #egypt . US Secretary of State John Kerry is in Egypt in his campaign to form a broad coalition to tackle Islamic State (IS) militants. Kerry arrives in Egypt for IS talksNew York Times  - ?8 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Peterson discipline was \u0027intergenerational transmission\u0027 Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?31 minutes ago? Adrian Peterson told police the “whoopings” he gave to his 4-year-old son came from a switch similar to the ones used on him when he was an east Texas boy, lessons in discipline that he believes helped carve him into an NFL star. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Peterson case creates new crisis for NFLU.S. News \u0026 World Report Bell Tolls: Vikings\u0027 statement with Peterson should be new NFL standardUSA TODAY Highly Cited:UPDATED: EXCLUSIVE Details On Adrian Peterson Indictment ChargesCBS Local Trending on Google+:Adrian Peterson Charges Taken \u0027Extremely Seriously\u0027: District AttorneyNBCNews.com Wikipedia:Adrian Peterson See all 1,458 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Chicago Tribune4 hours ago  -  Google+ Adrian Peterson booked on child injury charges, out on bond Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was booked on child injury charges. He is out on bail but will not be playing on Sunday.Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?31 minutes ago?Singersroom NewsSee realtime coverage Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande\u0027s Sexy New Video (Watch) Access Hollywood  - ?2 hours ago? Chris Brown and Ariana Grande are heating things up in Chris\u0027 new music video, \"Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long.\" In the fairy tale/medieval-themed clip, Chris plays the hunted lover of Ariana, a princess, who is captured by an evil king. Related Ariana Grande » Chris Brown » Chris Brown drops \u0027Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long\u0027 video featuring Ariana GrandeRhyme Junkie Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande\u0027s Chemistry Is Undeniable In Video \u0027Don\u0027t Be ...MemphisRap.com Opinion:Ariana Grande Plays A Fairy Tale Princess In Chris Brown\u0027s New Video--WatchMTV.com In Depth:Chris Brown \u0026 Ariana Grande Are Enchanted Lovers In \u0027Don\u0027t Be Gone Too Long ...Just Jared See all 43 sources » Related Ariana Grande » Chris Brown »Access Hollywood  - ?2 hours ago?Telegraph.co.ukSee realtime coverage Mayweather vs Maidana 2: Fans again put to the test by Floyd\u0027s history of ... SB Nation  - ?6 minutes ago? Floyd Mayweather\u0027s bout with Marcos Maidana is exciting on a boxing level, but the prospect of paying $75 to watch a serial abuser is causing conflict for many fans. Related Floyd Mayweather Jr. » Marcos Maidana » Mayweather vs Maidana pre-fight showTelegraph.co.uk Mayweather vs Maidana 2: Live fight online coverage with round by round live ...Bloody Elbow Opinion:You Could Watch Floyd Mayweather\u0027s Shitty, Overpriced PPV. But Why?Deadspin Live Updating:Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana live blog, fight resultsCBSSports.com Wikipedia:Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana II See all 720 sources » Related Floyd Mayweather Jr. » Marcos Maidana » Arab News7 hours ago  -  Google+ BOXING: Floyd Mayweather Jr. rarely hands anyone a rematch and Argentine brawler Marcos Maidana is hoping to make the undefeated welterweight champion regret giving him a second chance when the fighte…rs meet again today. http://goo.gl/GLLPYX Maidana hoping to make Mayweather pay for rare rematchSB Nation  - ?6 minutes ago?Mirror.co.ukSee realtime coverage Katie Piper: Oscar Pistorius MUST go to jail if there\u0027s any justice for Reeva and ... Mirror.co.uk  - ?1 hour ago? The trial of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has kept me fascinated and shocked in equal measure. But like many women, I was relieved this week when he was found guilty of culpable homicide after killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Murder » Did Oscar Pistorius meet his match in Reeva Steenkamp?Stuff.co.nz Pistorius: Reeva Steenkamp was just a chapter in a scary storyThe Independent From South Africa:\u0027Firearm negligence, firearm conviction may lead to prison sentence for Pistorius\u0027Eyewitness News Opinion:Pistorius judge was wrongJerusalem Post In Depth:Macramalla: Judge made error during conviction of PistoriusTSN Wikipedia:Trial of Oscar Pistorius See all 5,754 sources » Related Oscar Pistorius » Reeva Steenkamp » Murder »Mirror.co.uk  - ?1 hour ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Scotland independence vote: Everything you ever wanted to know about life ... The Independent  - ?6 minutes ago? Would England, Wales and Northern Ireland still be known as the United Kingdom? It is hard to see what else to call it. The rUK (rest of the UK) abbreviation was a temporary shorthand during the referendum debate. Related Scotland » Alex Salmond » Rival camps target undecided votersDaily Mail Scottish independence poll: Result on a knife edgeScotsman Trending on Google+:Scottish Independence: England\u0027s Shameful SecretForbes Opinion:Salmond says \u0027bullying\u0027 of Scots will backfireFinancial Times In Depth:As referendum nears, Scotland seems on the verge of a nervous breakdownNational Post Wikipedia:Scottish independence See all 1,288 sources » Related Scotland » Alex Salmond » Jim Fawcette6 hours ago  -  Google+ Scottish Separatists Threaten Businesses that Voice Concerns \"But former Scottish Nationalist Party deputy leader Jim Sillars went much further than separatist leader Alex Salmond, warning that… BP\u0027s operations in Scotland might face nationalization if Scots voted for secession on Sept. 18.\" Scottish independence battle draws \u0027day of reckoning\u0027 warning to businessThe Independent  - ?6 minutes ago?Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Iraq plans a new force to counter Islamic State. Here\u0027s why some say it\u0027s doomed. Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? BAGHDAD - Watban al-Jabbouri is the kind of man that the Iraqi and U.S. governments are depending on to turn the tide against the Islamic State fighters who have seized a huge swath of territory in this country. Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Haider Al-Abadi » Iraq PM orders halt to air strikes of civilian areasThe Globe and Mail Iraq premier orders halt on airstrikes over civilian areas held by ISISIndian Express Opinion:Islamic State just one element of a broader strategic challengeThe Australian In Depth:Iraq leader orders his air force to not bomb civilian areasLos Angeles Times See all 256 sources » Related Iraq » Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Haider Al-Abadi » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #iraq . John Kerry says Iranian role in coalition to confront Islamic State in Syria precluded by support of Damascus regime. US: no place for Iran at Islamic State talksWashington Post  - ?1 hour ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Ukraine crisis: EU agrees a crucial Kiev trade delay to aid ceasefire The Independent  - ?57 minutes ago? An unexpected decision by the European Union allowing Kiev to delay the implementation of a key trade agreement was part of a deal struck between Vladimir Putin and Petro Poroshenko over the ceasefire in Ukraine\u0027s civil war, according to senior ... Related Russia » European Union » Ukraine » Exxon Riles U.S., EU by Using Sanctions LoopholeBloomberg Putin Intent on Taking \u0027All of Ukraine,\u0027 Leader SaysNew York Times From Russia:EU Envoy Claims Brussels Showed Flexibility in Trade Zone Talks With Ukraine ...RIA Novosti From Ukraine:Wall Street Journal: Ukraine economy battered, as more fighting in east despite ...Kyiv Post In Depth:A Ukrainian soldier takes up position near the city of Pervomaysk. Source: AFPThe Australian Wikipedia:International sanctions during the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine See all 5,716 sources » Related Russia » European Union » Ukraine » Tourej Ansari11 hours ago  -  Google+ Putin trying to destroy Ukraine, says its PM \"His goal is to take all of Ukraine ... Russia is a threat to the global order and to the security of the whole of Europe,\" said Yatseniuk, who …is known for his hawkish rhetoric. \"We are still in a stage of war and the key aggressor is the Russian Federation ... Putin wants another frozen conflict (in eastern Ukraine),\" Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk told a conference attended by ...The Independent  - ?57 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage US intelligence agencies remain uncertain about danger posed by Islamic State Washington Post  - ?2 hours ago? Hours before President Obama announced a new U.S. military offensive against the Islamic State, one of his top counterterrorism officials testified to Congress that the al-Qaeda offshoot had an estimated 10,000 fighters. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iran » Coalition » Iran says Paris anti-jihadist meeting just for showAhram Online Iran accuses US of violating sovereignty in fight against \u0027terrorism\u0027Times of Oman From Iran:Iran Calls US-Led Anti-ISIL Coalition “Suspicious”Ahlul Bayt News Agency - abna.ir Opinion:War fever: Overselling the war against Islamic State?Haaretz See all 318 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » Iran » Coalition » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #IS   #iraq . John Kerry says Iranian role in coalition to confront Islamic State in Syria precluded by support of Damascus regime. US: no place for Iran at Islamic State talksWashington Post  - ?2 hours ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Swedes Vote as Polls Indicate Nation Headed for Hung Parliament Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago? Swedes cast their ballots today as polls show the largest Nordic economy could be left with a hung parliament amid rising support for the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats. Related Sweden » Elections » Polls show narrow opposition win in Sweden voteDaily Times Sweden votes with centre-left opposition targeting narrow leadDaily Mail In Depth:Free-market era in Sweden swept away as feminists and greens plot new pathThe Guardian Wikipedia:Swedish general election, 2014 See all 48 sources » Related Sweden » Elections »Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Search for Suspect in Shooting at State Police Barracks wnep.com  - ?23 minutes ago? BLOOMING GROVE TOWNSHIP - The search for suspects in the ambush at the State Police Barracks at Blooming Grove continued Saturday evening, almost a full 24 hours after the attack that left a State Police corporal dead and a trooper injured. Related Pennsylvania State Police » Barracks » Pa. State Police identify trooper killed in ambushKFOX El Paso Pa. police: 1 trooper dead, another injured in shootingUSA TODAY Opinion:Late-Night Ambush Leaves Trooper DeadDaily Beast See all 434 sources » Related Pennsylvania State Police » Barracks » The Free Thought Project7 hours ago  -  Google+ BREAKING: Shooting at State Police Barracks in Pike County, PA Police are searching for a shooting suspect or suspects who ambushed a police barracks in Blooming Grove, Pa.  Learn more \u0026 Video h…ere \u003e\u003e http://bit.ly/1qMpcZb BREAKING: Shooting at State Police Barracks in Pike County, PAwnep.com  - ?23 minutes ago?Capital WiredSee realtime coverage Where Is The \u0027Plague of the Gold” Treasure Hunter? Capital Wired  - ?3 hours ago? After discovering one of the greatest sunken treasure finds in history, treasure hunter Tommy Thompson has apparently disappeared. Related Gold » Feds chase treasure hunter turned fugitiveseattlepi.com Tommy Thompson spottedUpstart Magazine See all 74 sources » Related Gold »Capital Wired  - ?3 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Beheaded journalist\u0027s family says US no help USA TODAY  - ?28 minutes ago? The mother and brother of beheaded U.S. journalist James Foley have criticized the Obama administration for its handling of his abduction by Islamist extremists and how officials dealt with the family. Related Federal government of the United States » United States of America » James Foley\u0027s Parents Claim U.S. Officials Threatened the Family Over Ransom ...Techsonia U.S. Officials Threatened James Foley\u0027s Parents With Prosecution Over RansomSlate Magazine (blog) Highly Cited:Kerry \u0027taken aback\u0027 by James Foley\u0027s mother\u0027s reaction to handling of caseCNN Trending on Google+:\u0027So Little Compassion\u0027: James Foley\u0027s Parents Say Officials Threatened Family ...ABC News In Depth:With: John and Diane FoleyFox News See all 293 sources » Related Federal government of the United States » United States of America » Michael Schobel10 hours ago  -  Google+ #syria   #IS . Mother of American reporter James Foley says US official made threat if family paid ransom to Islamic State group. Foley family \u0027threatened with terror charge\u0027USA TODAY  - ?28 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Navy rescuers end ocean search for fighter pilot AL.com  - ?1 hour ago? FA 18.JPG F/A-18C Hornet assigned to the Valions of Strike Fighter Squadron 15 moves across the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Related United States Navy » Pacific Ocean » Navy ends search for downed jet pilotU-T San Diego US Navy calls off search for pilot after jets crash in PacificBBC News Highly Cited:Navy suspends search for missing pilot after jet collisionCNN From Guam:Navy fighter pilot missing: Jets collide off carrier scheduled for Guam exercisesPacific Daily News See all 92 sources » Related United States Navy » Pacific Ocean » CBS 8 San Diego2 hours ago  -  Google+ UPDATE: The #Navy said Saturday that it presumes the pilot is dead after failing to find him during a 36-hour search.  Rescuers end ocean search for Navy fighter pilotAL.com  - ?1 hour ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage With Announcement, Mark Sanford Caught His Ex Off Guard New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago? Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina surprised the political world on Friday with his announcement that he was ending his engagement to the woman with whom he had an extramarital affair, the revelation of which stunted his rising-star career five ... Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford » Mark Sanford: South Carolina GOP Representative Breaks off Engagement to ...Latin Post Mark Sanford Wants You To Know2paragraphs.com In Depth:Mark Sanford, fiance break off engagementPolitico See all 191 sources » Related Mark Sanford disappearance and extramarital affair » Jenny Sanford »New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago?The HinduSee realtime coverage Chinese output growth at 5-year low The Hindu  - ?5 hours ago? China\u0027s factory output in August slowed to 6.9 percent from a year earlier amid waning export demand and a slump in real estate development that has undermined steel and cement production, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics. Related China » Economy » China August industrial growth hits 6-year lowMarketWatch Economists React: China August Industrial Growth Hits Six-Year LowWall Street Journal (blog) In Depth:China Aug factory growth slows to near 6-year low, calls grow for more stimulusReuters See all 161 sources » Related China » Economy »The Hindu  - ?5 hours ago?Economic TimesSee realtime coverage US dollar climbs most in 10 months Taipei Times  - ?8 hours ago? The US dollar had its biggest weekly gain in 10 months amid speculation that the Federal Reserve will signal after a meeting next week that it is moving closer to raising interest rates for the first time since 2006. Related United States Dollar » Federal Reserve System » Dollar hits fresh six-year high against yen in AsiaBusiness Recorder FOREX-Dollar index gains for 9th week, dollar hits six-year high vs yenReuters UK In Depth:Premarket: US dollar heads for its best run in 17 yearsThe Globe and Mail See all 354 sources » Related United States Dollar » Federal Reserve System »Taipei Times  - ?8 hours ago?Nigerian TribuneSee realtime coverage Now that iPhone 6 is out... Nigerian Tribune  - ?56 minutes ago? The much-talked about iPhone 6 was finally launched on Tuesday, September 9. After being the subject of several months of rumours surrounding the product, Apple, makers of iPad, iPhone and iPad released two models of the iPhone 6 namely the 4.7-inch ... Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » AT\u0026T: iPhone 6 represents our biggest preorder launch everCNET You\u0027ll Have to Wait Til October to Get an iPhone 6 PlusTIME Opinion:Buyers bite big at larger Apple iPhonesNew Vision See all 1,353 sources » Related iPhone » Apple Inc. » Kenton Varda2 hours ago  -  Google+ Media bias towards Apple just gets more and more perplexing. Why would die-hard Android users be interested in an iPhone that\u0027s only now catching up with the features Android offered two years ago…? The \"small\" version of the iPhone 6 is basically a Nexus 4 in terms of size and resolution. The iPhone 6 \"plus\" has resolution matching the Nexus 5 at twice the cost and dimensions that make it too big for even my (rather large)... The New iPhone May Finally Persuade Die-Hard Android Users To QuitNigerian Tribune  - ?56 minutes ago?Android Headlines - Android NewsSee realtime coverage Bloat-free, unlocked Moto X to be dubbed \u0027Pure Edition\u0027, says report Register  - ?2 hours ago? Motorola has reportedly named its yet to be released bloat-free, unlocked Moto X the \"Pure Edition\". According to the Verge , the handset maker is planning to ship the unbranded version of its Moto X model later this month. Related Moto X » Motorola » How Does The Industry Feel About the Moto 360?PNC Voice Featured Review: Moto 360Android Headlines - Android News Trending on Google+:Moto 360 review: It\u0027s the best Android Wear watch, but that isn\u0027t saying muchEngadget See all 99 sources » Related Moto X » Motorola » JR Raphael7 hours ago  -  Google+ I joined + Phil Nickinson , + Jerry Hildenbrand , and + Russell Holly for this week\u0027s Android Central Podcast. I was severely outbearded. (Special bonus: The first three minutes of the show feature a static shot of me sitting and st…aring!) Audio-only stream here: http://www.androidcentral.com/podcast/android-central-202-jerrys-moto-x-conundrumRegister  - ?2 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Tech Talk: Apple expands to new territory St. Cloud Times  - ?48 minutes ago? Apple expanded its annual iPhone event this year to include announcement of its intent to enter two new product categories. Along with the fabled wearable, officially called Apple Watch, the company announced a new digital payment system, Apple Pay. Related Apple Inc. » Watches » Hands-on with the new Apple WatchKPTV.com Apple Watch, iPhone 6/6 Plus: Apple launches its most exciting gadget in years ...Daily Mail Trending on Google+:What Apple knows about smartwatches that Google doesn\u0027tComputerworld Opinion:Apple Is Becoming A Very Different Company - And Not Just Because Of Its ...Business Insider In Depth:Apple watch threatens Swiss industry\u0027s timepiecesChicago Tribune See all 1,034 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Watches »St. Cloud Times  - ?48 minutes ago?Headlines \u0026 Global NewsSee realtime coverage Singer Pia Zadora Hospitalized with Serious Head Injury after Golf Cart Accident Headlines \u0026 Global News  - ?29 minutes ago? Singer and actress Pia Zadora was rushed to a Las Vegas hospital on Thursday, Sept. 11 with serious head injuries after a golf cart accident. Related Pia Zadora » Broadway Star Pia Zadora Injured in Golf Cart AccidentKMBZ Singer Pia Zadora Recovering in ICU After Golf Cart Head InjuryViral Global News See all 197 sources » Related Pia Zadora »Headlines \u0026 Global News  - ?29 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Beyoncé and Jay Z (and Nicki Minaj) take \u0027On the Run\u0027 tour to Paris Digital Spy  - ?3 hours ago? Beyoncé and Jay Z performed the latest show of their \u0027On The Run\u0027 tour in Paris on Friday night (September 12), as seen in the pictures below. Related Nicki Minaj » Beyoncé \u0026 Nick Minaj Perform “Flawless (Remix)” [VIDEO]Hip-Hop Wired Beyoncé \u0026 Nicki Minaj Perform Flawless Remix In Paris! Très Bon!PerezHilton.com See all 73 sources » Related Nicki Minaj »Digital Spy  - ?3 hours ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Danny Ferry takes leave of absence ESPN  - ?42 minutes ago? Stephen A. Smith discusses Danny Ferry taking an indefinite leave of absence as general manager of the Atlanta Hawks. Tags: NBA, Atlanta Hawks · Hawks GM Danny Ferry Takes Indefinite Leave Of Absence ... Related Atlanta Hawks » Danny Ferry » Atlanta Hawks CEO: \u0027We did not do the right thing\u0027 repeatedly on raceKUTV 2News NBA Hawks CEO Apologizes After GM Takes Leave for RemarksBusinessweek Opinion:Atlanta Hawks apologize for GM\u0027s racially charged commentsTBO.com In Depth:Carmelo Anthony blasts Hawks, says free agents will look elsewhereNewsday Wikipedia:Danny Ferry See all 587 sources » Related Atlanta Hawks » Danny Ferry »ESPN  - ?42 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage All eyes (even those of Texas) are upon UCLA defense Los Angeles Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Linebacker Myles Jack and the UCLA defense will be the focus of much attention when the Bruins play Texas on Saturday. Linebacker Myles Jack and the UCLA defense will be the focus of much attention when the Bruins play Texas on Saturday. Related University of California, Los Angeles » Texas » Texas vs. UCLA: Countdown to kickoffAustin American-Statesman (blog) UCLA vs. Texas Live Stream Online FREE: Watch \u0026 Listen To NCAA College ...Sports World News Opinion:Tyrone Swoopes, Texas remain mysteries entering UCLA challengeDallas Morning News In Depth:UT\u0027s Swoopes specialized in making something of nothingChron.com See all 273 sources » Related University of California, Los Angeles » Texas »Los Angeles Times  - ?28 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Rory McIlroy rides late surge to perfect positioning USA TODAY  - ?12 minutes ago? ATLANTA - Somewhat listless for much Saturday\u0027s third round as his best game remained back at the hotel, Rory McIlroy finally ignited some energy within with an eagle on the 15th hole at sun-kissed East Lake Golf Club and now is exactly where he wants to ... Related Rory McIlroy » Billy Horschel » McIlroy joins Horschel in Tour Championship leadMiamiHerald.com Billy Horschel would not leave Tour Championship for pregnant wifeCBSSports.com In Depth:McIlroy, Horschel tied for Tour Championship leadWashington Post See all 1,072 sources » Related Rory McIlroy » Billy Horschel » Golf.com53 minutes ago  -  Google+ The FedEx Cup is doing everything it can to grab your attention for one last time this season. Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are tied for the lead at 9-under and will duke it out in the final pairin…g tomorrow for the Tour Championship. Fight To The FinishUSA TODAY  - ?12 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Shane Carden, East Carolina defeat No. 17 Virginia Tech ESPN  - ?24 minutes ago? Coming off a tough loss at South Carolina the week before, Ruffin McNeill and his team got the upset on the road at Virginia Tech. Related Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University » East Carolina Pirates football » Carden finds 7 receiversNews \u0026 Observer East Carolina scores late to knock off Virginia TechReuters In Depth:No. 17 Virginia Tech falls to East Carolina 28-21Washington Post See all 287 sources » Related Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University » East Carolina Pirates football »ESPN  - ?24 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Baltimore Fans Overlook Rivalry to Honor Derek Jeter New York Times  - ?58 minutes ago? BALTIMORE - Something felt wrong, very wrong, Friday at Camden Yards as the Orioles and the Yankees opened a weekend series. When Derek Jeter stepped to the plate Friday night - for one of the final times, after 1,166 at-bats in 284 regular-season ... Related New York Yankees » New York Yankees - PlayerWatchReuters Yankees\u0027 Chase Headley will wear mask to protect hurt jawThe Star-Ledger See all 50 sources » Related New York Yankees »New York Times  - ?58 minutes ago?IBNLiveSee realtime coverage Palaeontologists have discovered the world\u0027s first swimming dinosaur in Morocco IBNLive  - ?19 hours ago? New York: In a surprise find, palaeontologists have discovered the world\u0027s first known swimming dinosaur - a 15-metre-long behemoth with a crocodile-like face. Related Dinosaurs » Humongous dinosaur was \u0027half duck, half crocodile\u0027Christian Science Monitor Bizarre dinosaur with jaws like a crocodile, feet like a duck unveiledCBS News Trending on Google+:Spinosaurus fossil: \u0027Giant swimming dinosaur\u0027 unearthedBBC News In Depth:Paleontologist Finds Dinosaur Paradise, Including First Dino Known to SwimNational Geographic See all 506 sources » Related Dinosaurs »IBNLive  - ?19 hours ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage The Photography equipment Progress Financial institution AfDB told West ... Upstart Magazine  - ?5 hours ago? PARIS, FRANCE, Sept 13 (Reuters) - The Photography equipment Progress Financial institution (AfDB) told West Photography equipment international toughest location attack by means of a good Ebola outbreak. Related African Development Bank » Ebola Outbreak: AfDB offers $150 Million Donation to West AfricaCapital OTC AfDB offers $150 million to help West Africa handle Ebola fallout - Le MondeFirstpost See all 13 sources » Related African Development Bank »Upstart Magazine  - ?5 hours ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Respiratory illness in children raises concerns locally Aiken Standard  - ?29 minutes ago? An outbreak of a virus that has been causing severe respiratory problems in children in the Midwest and other parts of the country recently has state and local health officials on alert. Related Enterovirus » Enterovirus D68 Hits Children in New YorkTechsonia Enterovirus Persist But Not SeriousDiabetes Insider See all 304 sources » Related Enterovirus » Newsday1 hour ago  -  Google+ New York is the latest state to confirm cases of a severe respiratory illness among children in a nationwide outbreak, with more than a dozen children infected so far with enterovirus EV-D68. Serious respiratory virus has struck children in NY, health officials say -...Aiken Standard  - ?29 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Liberian president appeals to Obama for US help to beat Ebola Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? DAKAR (Reuters) - Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has appealed to U.S. President Barack Obama for urgent aid in tackling the worst recorded outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus, saying that without it her country would lose the fight against the ... Related Ebola » Liberia » FIFA, UN to cooperate in fight against EbolaIBNLive US Scientists See Dire Future in Ebola CrisisNDTV In Depth:Liberian President Pleads With Obama for Assistance in Combating EbolaNew York Times See all 209 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » Adam Sweet11 hours ago  -  Google+ A top German virologist has caused shockwaves by asserting that it’s too late to halt the spread of Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia and that five million people will die, noting that efforts should …now be focused on stopping the transmission of the virus to other countries Virologist: Fight against Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia is lost |...Reuters  - ?3 hours ago?Today 99° 66° Sun 95° 63° Mon 93° 59° Tue 91° 59°Today YesterdayMLS  MTL 1 0 22:21 1H NENY 2-2 Final PHITOR 1410654600 CHICLB 1410654600 HOUVAN 1410654600 DALPOR 1410656400 COLMLB  MIN 4 3 Bot 1st CHWCOL 0 4 Top 2nd STLWAS 2 0 Top 2nd NYMCIN 0 0 Bot 2nd MILBOS 1 2 Bot 3rd KCCLE 2 2 Top 3rd DETMIA 1 2 Top 3rd PHICHC 3 0 Top 3rd PITNYY 3-2 Final BALATL 2-3 Final TEXTB 3-6 Final TORMIN 1-5 Final CHWSD 1410653400 ARILAD 1410656700 SFHOU 1410656700 LAAOAK 1410657000 SEAMLS  RSL 2-3 Final SEAKC 4-0 Final CHVMLB  NYY 1-2 Final BALNYY 0-5 Final BALCHC 3-7 Final PITMIA 1-3 Final PHITB 1-0 Final TORCLE 2-7 Final DETWAS 3-4 Final NYMATL 1-2 Final TEXBOS 4-2 Final KCMIN - Final CHWCIN 2-3 Final MILCOL 1-5 Final STLSD 6-5 Final ARIHOU 3-11 Final LAAOAK 2-4 Final SEALAD 0-9 Final SF -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":14,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":16,"second":55},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
