{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentObama Names Democratic Operative to Coordinate Ebola ResponseSome Charges Are Dropped in Scandal in TurkeyA Financial Aid Guide for Families Who Have Saved NothingNHL  MLS  NHL  MLS  MLB  NFL  Greater Pittsburgh »Sen. Casey, UPMC doctors stress risk of Ebola in Pittsburgh area \u0027very, very low\u0027Experienced Lions, youthful Tigers face role reversal in MAC showdownWoman starts next chapter of life with ice cream cafe in AmbridgeEditors\u0027 PicksWhat We Know About The Patriots After Seven Games (And A Little About...Huh? Jets Get Percy Harvin (And His Massive Contract) From SeahawksOfficial Did the Right Thing on Jets\u0027 Final Field Goal Attempt, NFL SaysFive-Down Territory: What Happens When the Patriots Face Better Opponents?Milan Lucic\u0027s Obscene Gesture To Canadiens Fans Costs Him $5,000Spotlight »Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buyingMore college campuses swap \u0027No means no\u0027 for \u0027Yes means yes\u0027The Beautiful Breastfeeding Photograph Causing A Stir Online\u0027Dear White People,\u0027 About Racial Hypocrisy at a CollegeWhat does the U.S. Ebola \u0027czar\u0027 need to do? – Part 2Uber Gets Failing Grade From Better Business BureauHow does an American nurse contract Ebola? With directions like these.College Football Rankings 2014: Power Ranking All 128 Teams for Week 8Stepping Off the Path and Redefining FaithFive scary Christopher Columbus quotes that let you celebrate the holiday the ...How to avoid being infected with EbolaCan Celiac Disease Affect the Brain?Most popularTravel ban for Texas health care workers in Ebola caseVice-Presidential Aide To Lead Ebola ResponseBarack Obama\u0027s credit card \u0027declined\u0027Sports digest, Oct. 17Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Returns to Earth After Nearly Two YearsKendall Jenner shares childhood happy snap with dad Bruce and sister Kylie ...Apple slims iPad, sharpens iMacInvestigation: Bikini models weren\u0027t firing Utah National Guard gunsU2 Frontman Bono Always Wears Sunglasses Because...Ebola scare at Pentagon after woman vomits in parking lot","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesIs SFO next for enhanced Ebola screening at airports?Ana Turns Into Hurricane Off Coast Of HawaiiVice-Presidential Aide To Lead Ebola ResponsePelissero: Percy Harvin takes baggage to the JetsWhat\u0027s more disturbing than Ebola? The outrageous commentaryMimas, Saturn\u0027s \u0027Death Star\u0027 moon, could harbor a secret oceanWorld »Boko Haram: Nigeria reaches deal with Islamic militant group over abducted ...ISIS Militants in Syrian Border Town Begin to Retreat After a Monthlong BattleProtesters Push Back On Police in Hong KongU.S. »Old Ironsides prepares for final Boston Harbor trip until 2018Federal judges rule in favor of gay marriage in Arizona, Alaska and WyomingKay Hagan\u0027s Bad MathObama moves to improve credit-card securityBusiness »Morgan Stanley profit jumpsMoody\u0027s downgrades Russia\u0027s debtTechnology »First Impressions of the iPad Air 2: Refreshed but Not ReinventedDon\u0027t Overpay, Get Third Party RAM Upgrades for the Retina iMacSatya Nadella\u0027s Accidental (and Valuable) GiftSnapchat Ads Are Heading Your Way Starting This WeekendEntertainment »World War II Drama \u0027Fury\u0027 Fires on All CylindersBono says he wears sunglasses due to glaucomaActress Misty Upham\u0027s body identified by Seattle coronerSports »Nick Folk disappointed after potential winning field goal is blockedRoyals: August sweep over Giants \u0027doesn\u0027t mean anything\u0027Science »Japan reactors near active volcano called unsafeMysterious X-37B Space Plane Returns to Earth After Nearly Two YearsHealth »US health agency chief faulted over confusing Ebola messagesStomach-Churning Ride for Ebola StocksEbola: Politicos Mull Travel Restrictions; Docs Say NoHealth Officials Request Production Plans For Ebola Drug ZMappRecentGreater Pittsburgh »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 18 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 18 2013 2014 2015SEP OCT NOV182013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories SFGateSee realtime coverage Is SFO next for enhanced Ebola screening at airports? SFGate  - ?10 minutes ago? Photo: Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images Ebola patient Amber Vinson arrives by ambulance at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta. Nurse Vinson joins Nina Pham as health workers who have contracted the Ebola virus at Texas Heath Presbyterian Hospital while ... Related Ebola » Hospital » Ebola options: Isolation, quarantine, self-monitoringCBS News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ...ABC News Featured:Nurse Nina Pham, who contracted Ebola, gets warm goodbye from DallasChicago Tribune In Depth:NIH unit treating Dallas nurse for Ebola is one of 4 special isolation facilities in USWashington Post Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 18,784 sources » Related Ebola » Hospital » Yahoo News2 hours ago  -  Google+ Now that at least two #Dallas nurses who cared for #Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan have themselves been diagnosed with the virus, the #CDC is facing criticism that its initial recommendations to health care workers …to protect themselves was inadequate. Yahoo News\u0027 Liz Goodwin reports. CDC rethinking Ebola guidelines after criticism they left nurses unprotected The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com Cleveland Clinic, MetroHealth nurses on flight with Dallas Ebola patient, on paid ... KTRK-TV KTRK-TV CDC: Nurse with Ebola said she \u0027felt funny\u0027 in Ohio KTBS KTBS Dallas nurse with Ebola to be sent to Maryland New York Daily News New York Daily News Texas hospital workers who treated Ebola patient placed on no-fly list ABC News ABC News Ebola Nurse Nina Pham Goes from Good to Fair After Trip to NIH New York Daily News New York Daily News Lupica: CDC finally reveals truth by saying it knows little about how Ebola is ... Getty Images Getty Images Two Healthcare Workers In Dallas Infected With Ebola After Treating Patient Forbes Forbes Alleged Lapse in Protocols With Ebola Patient Should Surprise Nobody Getty Images Getty Images CDC Director Testifies At Special House Hearing On Ebola Outbreak Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press 1000 being checked for Ebola virus in US ABC News ABC News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ... NET Website NET Website Obama weighs czar to oversee US response to Ebola New York Daily News New York Daily News Ebola patient Nina Pham arrives at Maryland hospital after thanking Texas ... North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio CDC Cites \u0027Breach\u0027 In Ebola Protocol As Second Texas Case Emerges Bristol Press Bristol Press Can all hospitals treat Ebola? KTRK-TV KTRK-TV ABC News: Ebola victim reported fever before flying ABC News ABC News Second Texas Nurse Tests Positive for Ebola SFGate SFGate New US Ebola case a nurse who treated man in Texas ABC News ABC News 1st Dallas Nurse With Ebola in Fair Condition NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area “I Can No Longer Defend My Hospital”: Dallas Nurse Says Texas Health ... CBS NewsSee realtime coverage Ana Turns Into Hurricane Off Coast Of Hawaii Huffington Post  - ?41 minutes ago? KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) - The powerful Pacific storm churning toward Hawaii became a hurricane but remained far enough away from the islands to allow tourists to make the most of Friday\u0027s remaining sunny weather. Related Tropical cyclones » Tropical Storm Ana Strengthens to a HurricaneNBCNews.com Ana becomes hurricane off coast of Hawaii; expected to miss Big IslandLos Angeles Times See all 148 sources » Related Tropical cyclones » TIMESee realtime coverage Vice-Presidential Aide To Lead Ebola Response New York Times  - ?17 minutes ago? So as he coached Mr. Biden through weeks of preparations for his vice-presidential debates in 2008, he assembled a notebook filled with questions - and calculated the precise percentage chance that each one would be asked. Related Ebola » Obama Battles Political Fallout of EbolaVoice of America Obama names Ebola \u0027czar\u0027 as West Africa death toll risesReuters In Depth:Some politicians demanding temporary travel banWashington Post See all 4,151 sources » Related Ebola » Infowars1 hour ago  -  Google+ Tonight, Infowars.com calls for a general strike across the United States in response to the federal government’s botched response to the Ebola outbreak and the Obama administration’s refusal to block… flights coming in from West Africa as Obama appoints Ebola Czar with no medical background. Details \u0026 more on the Infowars Nightly News @ 7pm ct Tune-in http://bit.ly/InfowarsNews Help spread the message by becoming a subscriber to www.infowarsnews.com and start sharing your login with up... USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Pelissero: Percy Harvin takes baggage to the Jets USA TODAY  - ?27 minutes ago? The signs were there from the moment the Seattle Seahawks cleared Percy Harvin\u0027s sore hip and the temperamental receiver said he wasn\u0027t comfortable practicing. Related Percy Harvin » Seattle Seahawks » New York Jets » Percy Harvin Said to Be Headed to JetsNew York Times Initial reaction to Percy Harvin tradeCBSSports.com Trending on Google+:Jets Give Up Conditional Pick For HarvinESPN Opinion:Jets\u0027 trade for Percy Harvin brings up one big question: Why?Newsday In Depth:Fantasy value of Harvin tradeABC News Wikipedia:Percy Harvin See all 368 sources » Related Percy Harvin » Seattle Seahawks » New York Jets » CBS Sports2 hours ago  -  Google+ The Seattle Seahawks have traded WR Percy Harvin to the New York Jets.  Somewhere, Geno Smith is smiling. National GeographicSee realtime coverage What\u0027s more disturbing than Ebola? The outrageous commentary CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- The U.S. experience with Ebola is generating commentary that is both prudent and outrageous. There have been only three cases of Ebola occurring on U.S. Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » UN: We Botched Response to the Ebola OutbreakABC News Infographic: Spread of the Ebola virusUSA TODAY Featured:How the World\u0027s Top Health Body Allowed Ebola to Spiral Out of ControlBloomberg Trending on Google+:DR Congo 0 casesFox News In Depth:The Craziest Things People Are Saying About EbolaPolitico Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 1,082 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola death toll soars to 4,555 out of 9,216 cases: WHO - Geneva AFP - More than 4,500 people have died in the deadly Ebola outbreak that began in west Africa at the beginning of the year, fresh World… Health Organization figures showed Friday.The UN health agency said that 4,555 people had died from Ebola out of a total of 9,216 cases registered in seven countries, as of October 14.A toll dated just two days earlier had put the death toll at 4, .... Ebola death toll soars to 4,555 out of 9,216 cases: WHO Science TimesSee realtime coverage Mimas, Saturn\u0027s \u0027Death Star\u0027 moon, could harbor a secret ocean Los Angeles Times  - ?5 hours ago? When it comes to Saturn\u0027s moons, water-squirting Enceladus and the hydrocarbon lakes of Titan typically steal the spotlight. But now, scientists think that lesser-known Mimas may be harboring a strange secret of its own. Related Ocean » Moon » What lies beneath the surface of Saturn\u0027s moon Mimas?Daily Digest Death Star Wobble Could Foreshadow Subterranean OceanThe Utah People\u0027s Post Highly Cited:Does Mimas have an ocean under an icy cap?Science AAAS Trending on Google+:\u0027Death Star\u0027 Moon May Hide a Buried OceanNational Geographic In Depth:Saturn Moon\u0027s Wobble Could Be Clue to What\u0027s InsideVoice of America (blog) See all 126 sources » Related Ocean » Moon » Universe Today11 hours ago  -  Google+ ‘Death Star’ Ocean? Seven Moons That Could Host Huge Hidden Liquid Reservoirs Could there be an ocean hidden somewhere in that Death Star-like picture? This is an image of Mimas, a moon of Saturn, a…nd just yesterday (Oct. 15) newly released data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests there are big liquid reservoirs underneath its surface. Read more: http://www.universetoday.com/115373/death-star-ocean-seven-moons-that-could-host-huge-hidden-liquid-reservoirs/ World » ABC OnlineSee realtime coverage Boko Haram: Nigeria reaches deal with Islamic militant group over abducted ... ABC Online  - ?5 minutes ago? Nigeria\u0027s government has reached a deal with Islamic militant group Boko Haram for a ceasefire and the release of around 200 girls kidnapped six months ago from a school in the northeast town of Chibok, the defence chief says. Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » Hopes rise for return of schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko HaramIrish Times Nigeria, Boko Haram reach ceasefire, agree to free schoolgirlsTimes of India From Nigeria:B\u0027Haram ceasefire: Sect to release 218 Chibok girls on MondayThe Punch In Depth:Nigeria, Boko Haram agree to immediate cease-fireFox News See all 520 sources » Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » The Huffington Post UK8 hours ago  -  Google+ Kidnapped Nigerian Schoolgirls Finally Set To Be Freed After Boko Haram Ceasefire Nigeria\u0027s government and Islamic extremists from Boko Haram have agreed to an immediate cease-fire which would …reportedly see the return of hundreds of kidnapped girls - six months after they were taken. The chief of Nigeria\u0027s defence staff, Air Marshal Alex Badeh, has ordered his troops to immediately comply with the agreement, it has been reported, as ... Kidnapped Nigerian Schoolgirls Finally Set To Be Freed... New York TimesSee realtime coverage ISIS Militants in Syrian Border Town Begin to Retreat After a Monthlong Battle New York Times  - ?9 minutes ago? The battle in Kobani, Syria, has drawn international scrutiny in part because of an accident of geography: People can watch every turn from hills in nearby Turkey. Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » Does Islamic State have an air force?Telegraph.co.uk Kurdish fighter\u0027s long battle through changing face of Syrian warFox News Highly Cited:Report: ISIS militants training to fly warplanesCNN International Trending on Google+:Islamic State flying three jets in Syria: monitorReuters Opinion:Turkey has failed Kobani, KurdsBoston Globe In Depth:Women in vanguard of Kurdish battle against IS and Syrian regimeIrish Times See all 7,907 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Protesters Push Back On Police in Hong Kong New York Times  - ?42 minutes ago? Pro-democracy protesters, left, and police during a standoff in the Mong Kok neighborhood of Hong Kong on Friday. Credit Anthony Wallace/A. Related Police » Hong Kong Police Force » Hong Kong activists regroup to force police retreat in protest hotspotReuters UK Many arrested as Hong Kong protesters retake protest campTimes of India Wikipedia:2014 Hong Kong protests See all 450 sources » Related Police » Hong Kong Police Force » More World stories U.S. » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Old Ironsides prepares for final Boston Harbor trip until 2018 WCVB Boston  - ?3 hours ago? HEADED TOWARDS BERMUDA. MORE AND THAT IN A FEW MINUTES. TAKE A LOOK AT THIS. SKY 5 FLYING OVER THE FINAL SAIL OF THE U.S.S. CONSTITUTION BEFORE A MAJOR OVERHAUL. Related USS Constitution » USS Constitution makes another cruise before repairsBoston Globe Constitution takes trip before 3-year restorationseattlepi.com See all 137 sources » Related USS Constitution » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Federal judges rule in favor of gay marriage in Arizona, Alaska and Wyoming Washington Post  - ?49 minutes ago? Barriers to gay marriage fell on Friday in Arizona, Alaska and Wyoming following a series of federal court actions, the latest legal victories for supporters of same-sex matrimony in the United States. Related Same-sex marriage » Marriage » Alaska and Arizona Are Latest to Clear Way for Gay MarriageNew York Times Supreme Court Denies Stay; Same-Sex Marriages Can Continue In AlaskaAlaska Public Radio Network Trending on Google+:Married same-sex couples in seven more states to receive federal recognitionMSNBC Opinion:Same Sex Marriage Legalized in 3 StatesDaily Beast In Depth:In Turn, Gay Marriage Becomes Legal in ArizonaABC News See all 1,642 sources » Related Same-sex marriage » Marriage » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Kay Hagan\u0027s Bad Math Wall Street Journal  - ?38 minutes ago? Liberals often struggle at math, notably when describing government funding. A case in point is North Carolina, where Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is bludgeoning Republican opponent Thom Tillis with a bogus set of education-funding numbers. Related Thom Tillis » Kay Hagan » Truth Check: Hagan Votes ObamaWYFF Greenville Democratic Senate candidates join call for Ebola travel banUSA TODAY Featured:Pro-Tillis Ads Highlight How Kay Hagan Funneled Stimulus Money To \u0027Family ...People\u0027s Pundit Daily See all 170 sources » Related Thom Tillis » Kay Hagan » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Obama moves to improve credit-card security The Seattle Times  - ?39 minutes ago? Credit cards issued by the federal government will now have an internal chip replacing magnetic strips to reduce the potential for fraud. Related Credit cards » Credit Card Upgrades Are Ordered to Protect People\u0027s DataNew York Times Barack Obama\u0027s credit card \u0027declined\u0027BBC News Opinion:Even The President Of The United States Gets His Credit Card Declined ...MTV.com See all 353 sources » Related Credit cards » More U.S. stories Business » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Morgan Stanley profit jumps Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago? Morgan Stanley reported an 87 percent rise in third-quarter earnings as the Wall Street bank\u0027s trading, investment banking and wealth management businesses benefited from increased client activity and a hot equity market. Related Morgan Stanley » General Electric » Morgan Stanley\u0027s Adviser Productivity Up, Headcount DownWall Street Journal Stocks end sharply higher; GE, Morgan Stanley gainLos Angeles Times Opinion:Morgan Stanley, Armed With Cash From Fixed Income Dump, Goes ShoppingBusiness Insider In Depth:Fitch: Morgan Stanley Reports Solid 3Q\u002714 ResultsReuters See all 391 sources » Related Morgan Stanley » General Electric » CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Moody\u0027s downgrades Russia\u0027s debt CNNMoney  - ?2 hours ago? Moody\u0027s downgraded the country\u0027s debt by one notch Friday, citing the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, capital flight and falling oil prices. Related Moody\u0027s Corporation » Moody\u0027s Downgrades Russia\u0027s Sovereign Debt Rating, Outlook Remains NegativeInternational Business Times Russia\u0027s Credit Rating Cut to Baa2 by Moody\u0027s on Sluggish GrowthBloomberg See all 26 sources » Related Moody\u0027s Corporation » More Business stories Technology » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage First Impressions of the iPad Air 2: Refreshed but Not Reinvented Wall Street Journal  - ?8 minutes ago? Apple\u0027s new iPad Air will give old iPads a body image problem. WSJ\u0027s Joanna Stern takes a first look. By. Geoffrey A. Fowler. Related Apple Inc. » iPad Air » iPad » Gadget Lab Podcast: Did You Hear That Apple Had an Event This Week?Wired iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 orders underwayTechnologyTell Featured:Apple Unveils the iPad Air 2 and Latest iMac: What Wall Street\u0027s SayingTheStreet.com Opinion:iPhone 6 and 6 Plus finally go on sale in ChinaCult of Mac In Depth:Apple slims iPad, sharpens iMacSFGate See all 4,121 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPad Air » iPad » Bridget Carey10 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple\u0027s iPad Air 2 offers a small amount of storage for $500. I break down what matters from all the Apple news -- including Apple Pay, new Mac OS X, and an iMac with a ridiculous amount of pixels…. Financial ExpressSee realtime coverage Don\u0027t Overpay, Get Third Party RAM Upgrades for the Retina iMac TekRevue  - ?57 minutes ago? Are you planning to pick up a new iMac with Retina 5K Display? With only 8GB of RAM standard, that\u0027s one area you\u0027ll almost certainly want to upgrade. Related Apple Inc. » iMac » Retina Display » Tech Rewind: New Goodies from Apple, a Mixed Bag of EarningsFox Business Apple\u0027s Federighi Drops the Guillotine on the iMac TouchPatently Apple Opinion:Drool-worthy New 5K iMacsUSA TODAY In Depth:Apple\u0027s new iMac is its most expensive everComputerworld See all 459 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iMac » Retina Display » MacRumors43 minutes ago  -  Google+ Though the new iMac with 5K Retina display was just released yesterday, iFixit has already acquired and disassembled one of the new machines, giving us a look at what\u0027s underneath the iMac\u0027s u…ltra thin display. Apple\u0027s newest iMac continues to use many of the same design elements from previous… iFixit Tears Down New Retina iMac, Internal Layout Largely the Same as Prior... FortuneSee realtime coverage Satya Nadella\u0027s Accidental (and Valuable) Gift Huffington Post  - ?2 hours ago? If you are even peripherally engaged with technology or women in technology, it would have been hard to miss the hubbub surrounding Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Related Satya Nadella » Microsoft Corporation » Unequal Pay: Must women rely on good karma?Salt Lake Tribune Microsoft CEO launches diversity training effortWashington Post Highly Cited:Internal Memo: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella sets new diversity plan after ...GeekWire Trending on Google+:Sexism is alive and well in the tech worldComputerworld Opinion:Emily Amanatullah: The so-called workplace meritocracy is a fairy taleDallas Morning News See all 157 sources » Related Satya Nadella » Microsoft Corporation » Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Snapchat Ads Are Heading Your Way Starting This Weekend Wired  - ?1 hour ago? It\u0027s happened to Twitter. And Tumblr. And Instagram. And now, Snapchat\u0027s day has finally come. Beginning this weekend, the ephemeral messaging app will start rolling out paid advertisements for the first time. Related Snapchat » Advertising » Snapchat rolling out non-\u0027creepy\u0027 ads that still might get creepyPCWorld Snapchat to Roll Out First Ads This WeekendPC Magazine Highly Cited:Snapchat to Roll Out Ads That Aren\u0027t \u0027Totally Rude\u0027Bloomberg Opinion:Snapchat Is About To Launch Ads That Aren\u0027t \u0027Totally Rude\u0027 Because It \u0027Needs ...Business Insider See all 42 sources » Related Snapchat » Advertising » Glenn Gabe4 hours ago  -  Google+ Teens will be unhappy :) -\u003e Snapchat ads to roll out this weekend, will appear as a single ad in “Recent Updates” Advertising on Snapchat More Technology stories Entertainment » HollywoodChicago.comSee realtime coverage World War II Drama \u0027Fury\u0027 Fires on All Cylinders HollywoodChicago.com  - ?51 minutes ago? CHICAGO - “Fury” just might be Brad Pitt\u0027s “Saving Private Ryan.” At its heart it\u0027s a crowd pleaser, but it never shies away from the sheer brutality of war. Related Fury » Brad Pitt » Making \u0027Fury\u0027 with David Ayer Was Like Getting a Root Canal, \u0027It Sucked\u0027Indie Wire Brad Pitt\u0027s \u0027Fury\u0027 Rolling to $25 Million Opening WeekendVariety Opinion:War Is Almost OverThe New Yorker In Depth:\u0027Fury\u0027 takes on WWII, with Brad Pitt in commandBoston Globe See all 1,480 sources » Related Fury » Brad Pitt » The Boston Globe1 hour ago  -  Google+ ‘Fury’ with Brad Pitt tries to balance standard veneration of Greatest Generation, acknowledge what war does to men http://ow.ly/CWGQp Movie review: ‘Fury’ takes on WWII, with Brad Pitt in command - Movies - The... Chron.comSee realtime coverage Bono says he wears sunglasses due to glaucoma Chron.com  - ?47 minutes ago? FILE - In this Sept. 9, 2014 file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, greets Bono from the band U2 after they preformed at the end of the Apple event in Cupertino, Calif. Related Bono » U2 » Glaucoma » U2 Frontman Bono Always Wears Sunglasses Because...Wicked Local Franklin Bono always wears sunglasses because he has glaucomaSFGate (blog) Highly Cited:Bono reveals he always wears sunglasses because of glaucomaTelegraph.co.uk Trending on Google+:Bono -- I Don\u0027t Wear Shades Indoors to Be a Douche ... I HAVE GLAUCOMA!TMZ.com See all 267 sources » Related Bono » U2 » Glaucoma » Yahoo News7 hours ago  -  Google+ U2 singer #Bono says his ever-present sunglasses are not a rock-star affectation - he has suffered from #glaucoma for 20 years. ReutersSee realtime coverage Actress Misty Upham\u0027s body identified by Seattle coroner Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? SEATTLE/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - \"August: Osage County\" actress Misty Upham\u0027s body, found at the bottom of a deep river embankment near Seattle, was officially identified on Friday by a Washington state coroner, more than a week after her family ... Related Misty Upham » August: Osage County » Death » Misty Upham\u0027s family says actress fell to her death after hiding from policeEntertainment Weekly Actress Misty Upham dies: Five notable film rolesLos Angeles Times Opinion:Juliette Lewis says Misty Upham was murderedSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Misty Upham See all 138 sources » Related Misty Upham » August: Osage County » Death » Los Angeles Times1 hour ago  -  Google+ The body of actress Misty Upham, who had roles in “August: Osage County\" and \"Django Unchained,\" has been positively identified. The 32-year-old was found yesterday by a family member a…t the bottom of a steep embankment in a Seattle suburb, police say. More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage Nick Folk disappointed after potential winning field goal is blocked Newsday  - ?47 minutes ago? Add comment. Nick Folk disappointed after potential winning field goal is blocked. Updated October 17, 2014 3:20 AM By ANTHONY RIEBER anthony. Related New York Jets » New England Patriots » Tom Brady » Rex Ryan on NY Jets season to date: \u0027It\u0027s been a big failure\u0027New York Daily News Add Bad Luck to the List of Jets\u0027 ProblemsWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Remember When: Bill Belichick quit as \u0027HC of the NYJ\u0027 after one dayCBSSports.com Opinion:Five-Down Territory: What Happens When the Patriots Face Better Opponents?Boston.com In Depth:The Rex Ryan era is all but over after Jets\u0027 lossNew York Post See all 1,893 sources » Related New York Jets » New England Patriots » Tom Brady » MLB.comSee realtime coverage Royals: August sweep over Giants \u0027doesn\u0027t mean anything\u0027 MLB.com  - ?37 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY -- The Royals swept San Francisco in three games when the Giants ventured into Kansas City on Aug. 8-10. To which the Royals respond: So what? Related San Francisco Giants » World Series » Kansas City Royals » Wild-card World Series matchup: Seasoned, successful Giants vs fresh, playoff ...Fox News Breaking up five common baseball mythsFOXSports.com Trending on Google+:San Francisco Giants beat St. Louis Cardinals in NLCS, advance to World Seriesabc7news.com Opinion:Chugging Is DumbDeadspin In Depth:NLCS: Cardinals\u0027 curious decision leads to Giants\u0027 deciding blowWashington Post See all 1,763 sources » Related San Francisco Giants » World Series » Kansas City Royals » Jessica Gray4 hours ago  -  Google+ Great photos, all from + Instagram from various people. + San Francisco Giants #worldseriesbound The guy who caught game winning, walk off homerun, Frank, returned the ball to Ishi. At the time, the + San Francisco Giants couldn\u0027t give him #worldseries tickets, b…ut since his story broke both KNBR and the Giants are trying to change that. Ishi was able to sign the game winning bat and took pictures with Frank. Awesome story... More Sports stories Science » Stars and StripesSee realtime coverage Japan reactors near active volcano called unsafe Stars and Stripes  - ?4 hours ago? Rescue workers walk back in a cloud of dust from a helicopter in Otaki, Nagano prefecture, central Japan on Oct. 8, 2014, after a search operation on Mount Ontake. Related Volcanoes » Japan » ENVIRONMENT \u0026 CLIMATE Japan\u0027s Volcanos Threaten Nuclear Reactors ...Science Times Expert says deadly eruption in Japan shook up volcano, making nuclear reactors ...Tech Times Highly Cited:Japan\u0027s volcanoes made more jittery by 2011 quake, expert saysReuters In Depth:Japan reactor near active volcanos called unsafeThe Seattle Times See all 74 sources » Related Volcanoes » Japan » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Returns to Earth After Nearly Two Years NBCNews.com  - ?20 minutes ago? No one seems to know much about the Air Force\u0027s X-37B secret space plane except that it appears to be working exactly as designed. Related United States Air Force » Vandenberg Air Force Base » America\u0027s super-secret X-37B plane returns to Earth after nearly TWO YEARS aloftRegister Secretive X-37B space plane returns to Earth, two years onCNET Opinion:Mystery spy spaceship lands on Earth after record 675-day orbitGizmodo In Depth:US military\u0027s X-37B space plane lands in CaliforniaSpaceflight Now Wikipedia:Boeing X-37 See all 156 sources » Related United States Air Force » Vandenberg Air Force Base » SPACE.com6 hours ago  -  Google+ The X-37B touched down at California\u0027s Vandenberg Air Force Base on Friday (Oct. 17), ending a space mission that kicked off in December 2012 and saw the unmanned vehicle circle Earth for an unpre…cedented 675 days. X-37B Military Space Plane Lands After Record-Shattering Secret Mission More Science stories Health » ReutersSee realtime coverage US health agency chief faulted over confusing Ebola messages Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - The widening circle of people potentially exposed to Ebola in the United States is calling into question how well Dr. Related Ebola » Tom Frieden » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Ebola Q\u0026AWKBN.com Amid Ebola Panic, Separating Fact From FictionNational Geographic Opinion:Flip-flopping health officials spread confusionBoston Herald In Depth:In The Ebola Fight, A Defense Of Embattled CDC Chief Thomas FriedenForbes Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 123 sources » Related Ebola » Tom Frieden » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Fox BusinessSee realtime coverage Stomach-Churning Ride for Ebola Stocks Fox Business  - ?5 hours ago? Investing in Ebola stocks right now is the equivalent of taking a blowtorch to your portfolio. A momentum outbreak took hold in a lot of Ebola-related stocks starting last week, and now the sketchy “sector,” if you can even call it that, is in reversal. Related Ebola » Food and Drug Administration » FDA approves testing new Ebola drugCBS News Experimental Treatments That Could Help Stop EbolaABC News Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 102 sources » Related Ebola » Food and Drug Administration » Xconomy4 hours ago  -  Google+ Chimerix announced today that the FDA has approved of a Phase 2 trial for brincidofovir, its antiviral drug for patients infected with Ebola. Chimerix Antiviral to Start in Ebola Clinical Trial | Xconomy MedPage TodaySee realtime coverage Ebola: Politicos Mull Travel Restrictions; Docs Say No MedPage Today  - ?5 hours ago? Infectious Disease. Ebola: Politicos Mull Travel Restrictions; Docs Say No. Published: Oct 17, 2014. By Joyce Frieden, News Editor, MedPage Today. Related Ebola » Beyond Ebola: Infectious disease has gone global, health experts warnGeekWire Computer Model Predicts 2 Dozen Ebola Cases in US This MonthInsurance Journal In Depth:US Ebola Cases May Exceed Two Dozen by November, Researchers SayBusinessweek Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 30 sources » Related Ebola » Men\u0027s Journal3 hours ago  -  Google+ Worry about Ebola is spreading far faster than the infectious disease itself. Here what you need to know, like that this isn\u0027t the first time Ebola has landed on U.S. soil. euronewsSee realtime coverage Health Officials Request Production Plans For Ebola Drug ZMapp Huffington Post  - ?4 hours ago? A technician holds vials containing engineered DNA that will be introduced into the leaves of nicotiana benthamiana plants, which are a close relative of tobacco, in a lab at the facilities of Icon Genetics on August 14, 2014 in Halle, Germany. Related Ebola » Drugs » US requests production plans for Ebola drug ZMappDaily Mail Holly Springs plant on short-list to produce anti-Ebola drugNews \u0026 Observer Highly Cited:Amgen Tests New Way to Make Ebola Drug to Boost SupplyBloomberg See all 28 sources » Related Ebola » Drugs » More Health stories Get Google News on the go. Try the free app for your phone or tablet. Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Obama Names Democratic Operative to Coordinate Ebola Response New York Times - 10 minutes ago Some Charges Are Dropped in Scandal in Turkey New York Times - 25 minutes ago A Financial Aid Guide for Families Who Have Saved Nothing New York Times - 10 minutes ago Weather for Oliver, Pennsylvania Today 70° 50° Sat 54° 37° Sun 52° 34° Mon 63° 46° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. NHL   NSH 1 0 0:00 1P WPG DET 2 0 5:40 2P TOR CGY 0 3 19:43 3P CLS FLA 1 0 16:30 3P BUF VAN 1413595800 EDM MIN 1413597600 ANH MLS   RSL 1413597600 POR live match NHL   NJ 2-6 Final WAS DAL 3-2 Final PIT SJ 3-4 Final NYI CAR 1-2 Final NYR BOS 4-6 Final MON COL 3-5 Final OTT STL 0-1 Final LA MLS   NE 2-1 Final HOU MLB   STL 3-6 Final SF NFL   NYJ 25-27 Final NE Greater Pittsburgh » Sen. Casey, UPMC doctors stress risk of Ebola in Pittsburgh area \u0027very, very low\u0027 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette - 7 hours ago Experienced Lions, youthful Tigers face role reversal in MAC showdown Timesonline.com - 16 hours ago Woman starts next chapter of life with ice cream cafe in Ambridge Timesonline.com - 16 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks What We Know About The Patriots After Seven Games (And A Little About... Boston.com staff Huh? Jets Get Percy Harvin (And His Massive Contract) From Seahawks Boston.com staff Official Did the Right Thing on Jets\u0027 Final Field Goal Attempt, NFL Says Boston.com staff Five-Down Territory: What Happens When the Patriots Face Better Opponents? Tony Massarotti Milan Lucic\u0027s Obscene Gesture To Canadiens Fans Costs Him $5,000 Boston.com staff Learn more Spotlight » Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying MarketWatch - Oct 13, 2014 More college campuses swap \u0027No means no\u0027 for \u0027Yes means yes\u0027 PBS NewsHour - 7 hours ago The Beautiful Breastfeeding Photograph Causing A Stir Online Huffington Post - Oct 13, 2014 \u0027Dear White People,\u0027 About Racial Hypocrisy at a College New York Times - Oct 16, 2014 What does the U.S. Ebola \u0027czar\u0027 need to do? – Part 2 PBS NewsHour - 29 minutes ago Uber Gets Failing Grade From Better Business Bureau Huffington Post - Oct 11, 2014 How does an American nurse contract Ebola? With directions like these. Vox - Oct 13, 2014 College Football Rankings 2014: Power Ranking All 128 Teams for Week 8 Bleacher Report - Oct 13, 2014 Stepping Off the Path and Redefining Faith New York Times - 35 minutes ago Five scary Christopher Columbus quotes that let you celebrate the holiday the ... Raw Story - Oct 13, 2014 How to avoid being infected with Ebola The Guardian - Oct 13, 2014 Can Celiac Disease Affect the Brain? New York Times - Oct 11, 2014 Most popular Travel ban for Texas health care workers in Ebola case USA TODAY - 9 minutes ago Vice-Presidential Aide To Lead Ebola Response New York Times - 17 minutes ago Barack Obama\u0027s credit card \u0027declined\u0027 BBC News - 11 minutes ago Sports digest, Oct. 17 SFGate - 10 minutes ago Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Returns to Earth After Nearly Two Years NBCNews.com - 20 minutes ago Kendall Jenner shares childhood happy snap with dad Bruce and sister Kylie ... Daily Mail - 54 minutes ago Apple slims iPad, sharpens iMac SFGate - 8 minutes ago Investigation: Bikini models weren\u0027t firing Utah National Guard guns Salt Lake Tribune - 17 minutes ago U2 Frontman Bono Always Wears Sunglasses Because... seattlepi.com - 40 minutes ago Ebola scare at Pentagon after woman vomits in parking lot Reuters UK - 21 minutes agoSFGateSee realtime coverage Is SFO next for enhanced Ebola screening at airports? SFGate  - ?10 minutes ago? Photo: Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images Ebola patient Amber Vinson arrives by ambulance at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta. Nurse Vinson joins Nina Pham as health workers who have contracted the Ebola virus at Texas Heath Presbyterian Hospital while ... Related Ebola » Hospital » Ebola options: Isolation, quarantine, self-monitoringCBS News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ...ABC News Featured:Nurse Nina Pham, who contracted Ebola, gets warm goodbye from DallasChicago Tribune In Depth:NIH unit treating Dallas nurse for Ebola is one of 4 special isolation facilities in USWashington Post Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 18,784 sources » Related Ebola » Hospital » Yahoo News2 hours ago  -  Google+ Now that at least two #Dallas nurses who cared for #Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan have themselves been diagnosed with the virus, the #CDC is facing criticism that its initial recommendations to health care workers …to protect themselves was inadequate. Yahoo News\u0027 Liz Goodwin reports. CDC rethinking Ebola guidelines after criticism they left nurses unprotected The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com Cleveland Clinic, MetroHealth nurses on flight with Dallas Ebola patient, on paid ... KTRK-TV KTRK-TV CDC: Nurse with Ebola said she \u0027felt funny\u0027 in Ohio KTBS KTBS Dallas nurse with Ebola to be sent to Maryland New York Daily News New York Daily News Texas hospital workers who treated Ebola patient placed on no-fly list ABC News ABC News Ebola Nurse Nina Pham Goes from Good to Fair After Trip to NIH New York Daily News New York Daily News Lupica: CDC finally reveals truth by saying it knows little about how Ebola is ... Getty Images Getty Images Two Healthcare Workers In Dallas Infected With Ebola After Treating Patient Forbes Forbes Alleged Lapse in Protocols With Ebola Patient Should Surprise Nobody Getty Images Getty Images CDC Director Testifies At Special House Hearing On Ebola Outbreak Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press 1000 being checked for Ebola virus in US ABC News ABC News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ... NET Website NET Website Obama weighs czar to oversee US response to Ebola New York Daily News New York Daily News Ebola patient Nina Pham arrives at Maryland hospital after thanking Texas ... North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio CDC Cites \u0027Breach\u0027 In Ebola Protocol As Second Texas Case Emerges Bristol Press Bristol Press Can all hospitals treat Ebola? KTRK-TV KTRK-TV ABC News: Ebola victim reported fever before flying ABC News ABC News Second Texas Nurse Tests Positive for Ebola SFGate SFGate New US Ebola case a nurse who treated man in Texas ABC News ABC News 1st Dallas Nurse With Ebola in Fair Condition NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area “I Can No Longer Defend My Hospital”: Dallas Nurse Says Texas Health ...SFGate  - ?10 minutes ago?The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com Cleveland Clinic, MetroHealth nurses on flight with Dallas Ebola patient, on paid ... KTRK-TV KTRK-TV CDC: Nurse with Ebola said she \u0027felt funny\u0027 in Ohio KTBS KTBS Dallas nurse with Ebola to be sent to Maryland New York Daily News New York Daily News Texas hospital workers who treated Ebola patient placed on no-fly list ABC News ABC News Ebola Nurse Nina Pham Goes from Good to Fair After Trip to NIH New York Daily News New York Daily News Lupica: CDC finally reveals truth by saying it knows little about how Ebola is ... Getty Images Getty Images Two Healthcare Workers In Dallas Infected With Ebola After Treating Patient Forbes Forbes Alleged Lapse in Protocols With Ebola Patient Should Surprise Nobody Getty Images Getty Images CDC Director Testifies At Special House Hearing On Ebola Outbreak Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press 1000 being checked for Ebola virus in US ABC News ABC News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ... NET Website NET Website Obama weighs czar to oversee US response to Ebola New York Daily News New York Daily News Ebola patient Nina Pham arrives at Maryland hospital after thanking Texas ... North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio CDC Cites \u0027Breach\u0027 In Ebola Protocol As Second Texas Case Emerges Bristol Press Bristol Press Can all hospitals treat Ebola? KTRK-TV KTRK-TV ABC News: Ebola victim reported fever before flying ABC News ABC News Second Texas Nurse Tests Positive for Ebola SFGate SFGate New US Ebola case a nurse who treated man in Texas ABC News ABC News 1st Dallas Nurse With Ebola in Fair Condition NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area “I Can No Longer Defend My Hospital”: Dallas Nurse Says Texas Health ...The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com Cleveland Clinic, MetroHealth nurses on flight with Dallas Ebola patient, on paid ... KTRK-TV KTRK-TV CDC: Nurse with Ebola said she \u0027felt funny\u0027 in Ohio KTBS KTBS Dallas nurse with Ebola to be sent to Maryland New York Daily News New York Daily News Texas hospital workers who treated Ebola patient placed on no-fly list ABC News ABC News Ebola Nurse Nina Pham Goes from Good to Fair After Trip to NIH New York Daily News New York Daily News Lupica: CDC finally reveals truth by saying it knows little about how Ebola is ... Getty Images Getty Images Two Healthcare Workers In Dallas Infected With Ebola After Treating Patient Forbes Forbes Alleged Lapse in Protocols With Ebola Patient Should Surprise Nobody Getty Images Getty Images CDC Director Testifies At Special House Hearing On Ebola Outbreak Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press 1000 being checked for Ebola virus in US ABC News ABC News Texas Health Care Workers Who Treated Ebola Patient Told to Stay Out of ... NET Website NET Website Obama weighs czar to oversee US response to Ebola New York Daily News New York Daily News Ebola patient Nina Pham arrives at Maryland hospital after thanking Texas ... North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio CDC Cites \u0027Breach\u0027 In Ebola Protocol As Second Texas Case Emerges Bristol Press Bristol Press Can all hospitals treat Ebola? KTRK-TV KTRK-TV ABC News: Ebola victim reported fever before flying ABC News ABC News Second Texas Nurse Tests Positive for Ebola SFGate SFGate New US Ebola case a nurse who treated man in Texas ABC News ABC News 1st Dallas Nurse With Ebola in Fair Condition NBC Bay Area NBC Bay Area “I Can No Longer Defend My Hospital”: Dallas Nurse Says Texas Health ...CBS NewsSee realtime coverage Ana Turns Into Hurricane Off Coast Of Hawaii Huffington Post  - ?41 minutes ago? KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) - The powerful Pacific storm churning toward Hawaii became a hurricane but remained far enough away from the islands to allow tourists to make the most of Friday\u0027s remaining sunny weather. Related Tropical cyclones » Tropical Storm Ana Strengthens to a HurricaneNBCNews.com Ana becomes hurricane off coast of Hawaii; expected to miss Big IslandLos Angeles Times See all 148 sources » Related Tropical cyclones »Huffington Post  - ?41 minutes ago?TIMESee realtime coverage Vice-Presidential Aide To Lead Ebola Response New York Times  - ?17 minutes ago? So as he coached Mr. Biden through weeks of preparations for his vice-presidential debates in 2008, he assembled a notebook filled with questions - and calculated the precise percentage chance that each one would be asked. Related Ebola » Obama Battles Political Fallout of EbolaVoice of America Obama names Ebola \u0027czar\u0027 as West Africa death toll risesReuters In Depth:Some politicians demanding temporary travel banWashington Post See all 4,151 sources » Related Ebola » Infowars1 hour ago  -  Google+ Tonight, Infowars.com calls for a general strike across the United States in response to the federal government’s botched response to the Ebola outbreak and the Obama administration’s refusal to block… flights coming in from West Africa as Obama appoints Ebola Czar with no medical background. Details \u0026 more on the Infowars Nightly News @ 7pm ct Tune-in http://bit.ly/InfowarsNews Help spread the message by becoming a subscriber to www.infowarsnews.com and start sharing your login with up...New York Times  - ?17 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Pelissero: Percy Harvin takes baggage to the Jets USA TODAY  - ?27 minutes ago? The signs were there from the moment the Seattle Seahawks cleared Percy Harvin\u0027s sore hip and the temperamental receiver said he wasn\u0027t comfortable practicing. Related Percy Harvin » Seattle Seahawks » New York Jets » Percy Harvin Said to Be Headed to JetsNew York Times Initial reaction to Percy Harvin tradeCBSSports.com Trending on Google+:Jets Give Up Conditional Pick For HarvinESPN Opinion:Jets\u0027 trade for Percy Harvin brings up one big question: Why?Newsday In Depth:Fantasy value of Harvin tradeABC News Wikipedia:Percy Harvin See all 368 sources » Related Percy Harvin » Seattle Seahawks » New York Jets » CBS Sports2 hours ago  -  Google+ The Seattle Seahawks have traded WR Percy Harvin to the New York Jets.  Somewhere, Geno Smith is smiling.USA TODAY  - ?27 minutes ago?National GeographicSee realtime coverage What\u0027s more disturbing than Ebola? The outrageous commentary CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- The U.S. experience with Ebola is generating commentary that is both prudent and outrageous. There have been only three cases of Ebola occurring on U.S. Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » UN: We Botched Response to the Ebola OutbreakABC News Infographic: Spread of the Ebola virusUSA TODAY Featured:How the World\u0027s Top Health Body Allowed Ebola to Spiral Out of ControlBloomberg Trending on Google+:DR Congo 0 casesFox News In Depth:The Craziest Things People Are Saying About EbolaPolitico Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease See all 1,082 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola death toll soars to 4,555 out of 9,216 cases: WHO - Geneva AFP - More than 4,500 people have died in the deadly Ebola outbreak that began in west Africa at the beginning of the year, fresh World… Health Organization figures showed Friday.The UN health agency said that 4,555 people had died from Ebola out of a total of 9,216 cases registered in seven countries, as of October 14.A toll dated just two days earlier had put the death toll at 4, .... Ebola death toll soars to 4,555 out of 9,216 cases: WHOCNN  - ?1 hour ago?Science TimesSee realtime coverage Mimas, Saturn\u0027s \u0027Death Star\u0027 moon, could harbor a secret ocean Los Angeles Times  - ?5 hours ago? When it comes to Saturn\u0027s moons, water-squirting Enceladus and the hydrocarbon lakes of Titan typically steal the spotlight. But now, scientists think that lesser-known Mimas may be harboring a strange secret of its own. Related Ocean » Moon » What lies beneath the surface of Saturn\u0027s moon Mimas?Daily Digest Death Star Wobble Could Foreshadow Subterranean OceanThe Utah People\u0027s Post Highly Cited:Does Mimas have an ocean under an icy cap?Science AAAS Trending on Google+:\u0027Death Star\u0027 Moon May Hide a Buried OceanNational Geographic In Depth:Saturn Moon\u0027s Wobble Could Be Clue to What\u0027s InsideVoice of America (blog) See all 126 sources » Related Ocean » Moon » Universe Today11 hours ago  -  Google+ ‘Death Star’ Ocean? Seven Moons That Could Host Huge Hidden Liquid Reservoirs Could there be an ocean hidden somewhere in that Death Star-like picture? This is an image of Mimas, a moon of Saturn, a…nd just yesterday (Oct. 15) newly released data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests there are big liquid reservoirs underneath its surface. Read more: http://www.universetoday.com/115373/death-star-ocean-seven-moons-that-could-host-huge-hidden-liquid-reservoirs/Los Angeles Times  - ?5 hours ago?ABC OnlineSee realtime coverage Boko Haram: Nigeria reaches deal with Islamic militant group over abducted ... ABC Online  - ?5 minutes ago? Nigeria\u0027s government has reached a deal with Islamic militant group Boko Haram for a ceasefire and the release of around 200 girls kidnapped six months ago from a school in the northeast town of Chibok, the defence chief says. Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » Hopes rise for return of schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko HaramIrish Times Nigeria, Boko Haram reach ceasefire, agree to free schoolgirlsTimes of India From Nigeria:B\u0027Haram ceasefire: Sect to release 218 Chibok girls on MondayThe Punch In Depth:Nigeria, Boko Haram agree to immediate cease-fireFox News See all 520 sources » Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » The Huffington Post UK8 hours ago  -  Google+ Kidnapped Nigerian Schoolgirls Finally Set To Be Freed After Boko Haram Ceasefire Nigeria\u0027s government and Islamic extremists from Boko Haram have agreed to an immediate cease-fire which would …reportedly see the return of hundreds of kidnapped girls - six months after they were taken. The chief of Nigeria\u0027s defence staff, Air Marshal Alex Badeh, has ordered his troops to immediately comply with the agreement, it has been reported, as ... Kidnapped Nigerian Schoolgirls Finally Set To Be Freed...ABC Online  - ?5 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage ISIS Militants in Syrian Border Town Begin to Retreat After a Monthlong Battle New York Times  - ?9 minutes ago? The battle in Kobani, Syria, has drawn international scrutiny in part because of an accident of geography: People can watch every turn from hills in nearby Turkey. Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » Does Islamic State have an air force?Telegraph.co.uk Kurdish fighter\u0027s long battle through changing face of Syrian warFox News Highly Cited:Report: ISIS militants training to fly warplanesCNN International Trending on Google+:Islamic State flying three jets in Syria: monitorReuters Opinion:Turkey has failed Kobani, KurdsBoston Globe In Depth:Women in vanguard of Kurdish battle against IS and Syrian regimeIrish Times See all 7,907 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria »New York Times  - ?9 minutes ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Protesters Push Back On Police in Hong Kong New York Times  - ?42 minutes ago? Pro-democracy protesters, left, and police during a standoff in the Mong Kok neighborhood of Hong Kong on Friday. Credit Anthony Wallace/A. Related Police » Hong Kong Police Force » Hong Kong activists regroup to force police retreat in protest hotspotReuters UK Many arrested as Hong Kong protesters retake protest campTimes of India Wikipedia:2014 Hong Kong protests See all 450 sources » Related Police » Hong Kong Police Force »New York Times  - ?42 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Old Ironsides prepares for final Boston Harbor trip until 2018 WCVB Boston  - ?3 hours ago? HEADED TOWARDS BERMUDA. MORE AND THAT IN A FEW MINUTES. TAKE A LOOK AT THIS. SKY 5 FLYING OVER THE FINAL SAIL OF THE U.S.S. CONSTITUTION BEFORE A MAJOR OVERHAUL. Related USS Constitution » USS Constitution makes another cruise before repairsBoston Globe Constitution takes trip before 3-year restorationseattlepi.com See all 137 sources » Related USS Constitution »WCVB Boston  - ?3 hours ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Federal judges rule in favor of gay marriage in Arizona, Alaska and Wyoming Washington Post  - ?49 minutes ago? Barriers to gay marriage fell on Friday in Arizona, Alaska and Wyoming following a series of federal court actions, the latest legal victories for supporters of same-sex matrimony in the United States. Related Same-sex marriage » Marriage » Alaska and Arizona Are Latest to Clear Way for Gay MarriageNew York Times Supreme Court Denies Stay; Same-Sex Marriages Can Continue In AlaskaAlaska Public Radio Network Trending on Google+:Married same-sex couples in seven more states to receive federal recognitionMSNBC Opinion:Same Sex Marriage Legalized in 3 StatesDaily Beast In Depth:In Turn, Gay Marriage Becomes Legal in ArizonaABC News See all 1,642 sources » Related Same-sex marriage » Marriage »Washington Post  - ?49 minutes ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Kay Hagan\u0027s Bad Math Wall Street Journal  - ?38 minutes ago? Liberals often struggle at math, notably when describing government funding. A case in point is North Carolina, where Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is bludgeoning Republican opponent Thom Tillis with a bogus set of education-funding numbers. Related Thom Tillis » Kay Hagan » Truth Check: Hagan Votes ObamaWYFF Greenville Democratic Senate candidates join call for Ebola travel banUSA TODAY Featured:Pro-Tillis Ads Highlight How Kay Hagan Funneled Stimulus Money To \u0027Family ...People\u0027s Pundit Daily See all 170 sources » Related Thom Tillis » Kay Hagan »Wall Street Journal  - ?38 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Obama moves to improve credit-card security The Seattle Times  - ?39 minutes ago? Credit cards issued by the federal government will now have an internal chip replacing magnetic strips to reduce the potential for fraud. Related Credit cards » Credit Card Upgrades Are Ordered to Protect People\u0027s DataNew York Times Barack Obama\u0027s credit card \u0027declined\u0027BBC News Opinion:Even The President Of The United States Gets His Credit Card Declined ...MTV.com See all 353 sources » Related Credit cards »The Seattle Times  - ?39 minutes ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Morgan Stanley profit jumps Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago? Morgan Stanley reported an 87 percent rise in third-quarter earnings as the Wall Street bank\u0027s trading, investment banking and wealth management businesses benefited from increased client activity and a hot equity market. Related Morgan Stanley » General Electric » Morgan Stanley\u0027s Adviser Productivity Up, Headcount DownWall Street Journal Stocks end sharply higher; GE, Morgan Stanley gainLos Angeles Times Opinion:Morgan Stanley, Armed With Cash From Fixed Income Dump, Goes ShoppingBusiness Insider In Depth:Fitch: Morgan Stanley Reports Solid 3Q\u002714 ResultsReuters See all 391 sources » Related Morgan Stanley » General Electric »Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago?CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Moody\u0027s downgrades Russia\u0027s debt CNNMoney  - ?2 hours ago? Moody\u0027s downgraded the country\u0027s debt by one notch Friday, citing the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, capital flight and falling oil prices. Related Moody\u0027s Corporation » Moody\u0027s Downgrades Russia\u0027s Sovereign Debt Rating, Outlook Remains NegativeInternational Business Times Russia\u0027s Credit Rating Cut to Baa2 by Moody\u0027s on Sluggish GrowthBloomberg See all 26 sources » Related Moody\u0027s Corporation »CNNMoney  - ?2 hours ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage First Impressions of the iPad Air 2: Refreshed but Not Reinvented Wall Street Journal  - ?8 minutes ago? Apple\u0027s new iPad Air will give old iPads a body image problem. WSJ\u0027s Joanna Stern takes a first look. By. Geoffrey A. Fowler. Related Apple Inc. » iPad Air » iPad » Gadget Lab Podcast: Did You Hear That Apple Had an Event This Week?Wired iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 orders underwayTechnologyTell Featured:Apple Unveils the iPad Air 2 and Latest iMac: What Wall Street\u0027s SayingTheStreet.com Opinion:iPhone 6 and 6 Plus finally go on sale in ChinaCult of Mac In Depth:Apple slims iPad, sharpens iMacSFGate See all 4,121 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iPad Air » iPad » Bridget Carey10 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple\u0027s iPad Air 2 offers a small amount of storage for $500. I break down what matters from all the Apple news -- including Apple Pay, new Mac OS X, and an iMac with a ridiculous amount of pixels….Wall Street Journal  - ?8 minutes ago?Financial ExpressSee realtime coverage Don\u0027t Overpay, Get Third Party RAM Upgrades for the Retina iMac TekRevue  - ?57 minutes ago? Are you planning to pick up a new iMac with Retina 5K Display? With only 8GB of RAM standard, that\u0027s one area you\u0027ll almost certainly want to upgrade. Related Apple Inc. » iMac » Retina Display » Tech Rewind: New Goodies from Apple, a Mixed Bag of EarningsFox Business Apple\u0027s Federighi Drops the Guillotine on the iMac TouchPatently Apple Opinion:Drool-worthy New 5K iMacsUSA TODAY In Depth:Apple\u0027s new iMac is its most expensive everComputerworld See all 459 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iMac » Retina Display » MacRumors43 minutes ago  -  Google+ Though the new iMac with 5K Retina display was just released yesterday, iFixit has already acquired and disassembled one of the new machines, giving us a look at what\u0027s underneath the iMac\u0027s u…ltra thin display. Apple\u0027s newest iMac continues to use many of the same design elements from previous… iFixit Tears Down New Retina iMac, Internal Layout Largely the Same as Prior...TekRevue  - ?57 minutes ago?FortuneSee realtime coverage Satya Nadella\u0027s Accidental (and Valuable) Gift Huffington Post  - ?2 hours ago? If you are even peripherally engaged with technology or women in technology, it would have been hard to miss the hubbub surrounding Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Related Satya Nadella » Microsoft Corporation » Unequal Pay: Must women rely on good karma?Salt Lake Tribune Microsoft CEO launches diversity training effortWashington Post Highly Cited:Internal Memo: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella sets new diversity plan after ...GeekWire Trending on Google+:Sexism is alive and well in the tech worldComputerworld Opinion:Emily Amanatullah: The so-called workplace meritocracy is a fairy taleDallas Morning News See all 157 sources » Related Satya Nadella » Microsoft Corporation »Huffington Post  - ?2 hours ago?Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Snapchat Ads Are Heading Your Way Starting This Weekend Wired  - ?1 hour ago? It\u0027s happened to Twitter. And Tumblr. And Instagram. And now, Snapchat\u0027s day has finally come. Beginning this weekend, the ephemeral messaging app will start rolling out paid advertisements for the first time. Related Snapchat » Advertising » Snapchat rolling out non-\u0027creepy\u0027 ads that still might get creepyPCWorld Snapchat to Roll Out First Ads This WeekendPC Magazine Highly Cited:Snapchat to Roll Out Ads That Aren\u0027t \u0027Totally Rude\u0027Bloomberg Opinion:Snapchat Is About To Launch Ads That Aren\u0027t \u0027Totally Rude\u0027 Because It \u0027Needs ...Business Insider See all 42 sources » Related Snapchat » Advertising » Glenn Gabe4 hours ago  -  Google+ Teens will be unhappy :) -\u003e Snapchat ads to roll out this weekend, will appear as a single ad in “Recent Updates” Advertising on SnapchatWired  - ?1 hour ago?HollywoodChicago.comSee realtime coverage World War II Drama \u0027Fury\u0027 Fires on All Cylinders HollywoodChicago.com  - ?51 minutes ago? CHICAGO - “Fury” just might be Brad Pitt\u0027s “Saving Private Ryan.” At its heart it\u0027s a crowd pleaser, but it never shies away from the sheer brutality of war. Related Fury » Brad Pitt » Making \u0027Fury\u0027 with David Ayer Was Like Getting a Root Canal, \u0027It Sucked\u0027Indie Wire Brad Pitt\u0027s \u0027Fury\u0027 Rolling to $25 Million Opening WeekendVariety Opinion:War Is Almost OverThe New Yorker In Depth:\u0027Fury\u0027 takes on WWII, with Brad Pitt in commandBoston Globe See all 1,480 sources » Related Fury » Brad Pitt » The Boston Globe1 hour ago  -  Google+ ‘Fury’ with Brad Pitt tries to balance standard veneration of Greatest Generation, acknowledge what war does to men http://ow.ly/CWGQp Movie review: ‘Fury’ takes on WWII, with Brad Pitt in command - Movies - The...HollywoodChicago.com  - ?51 minutes ago?Chron.comSee realtime coverage Bono says he wears sunglasses due to glaucoma Chron.com  - ?47 minutes ago? FILE - In this Sept. 9, 2014 file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, greets Bono from the band U2 after they preformed at the end of the Apple event in Cupertino, Calif. Related Bono » U2 » Glaucoma » U2 Frontman Bono Always Wears Sunglasses Because...Wicked Local Franklin Bono always wears sunglasses because he has glaucomaSFGate (blog) Highly Cited:Bono reveals he always wears sunglasses because of glaucomaTelegraph.co.uk Trending on Google+:Bono -- I Don\u0027t Wear Shades Indoors to Be a Douche ... I HAVE GLAUCOMA!TMZ.com See all 267 sources » Related Bono » U2 » Glaucoma » Yahoo News7 hours ago  -  Google+ U2 singer #Bono says his ever-present sunglasses are not a rock-star affectation - he has suffered from #glaucoma for 20 years.Chron.com  - ?47 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Actress Misty Upham\u0027s body identified by Seattle coroner Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? SEATTLE/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - \"August: Osage County\" actress Misty Upham\u0027s body, found at the bottom of a deep river embankment near Seattle, was officially identified on Friday by a Washington state coroner, more than a week after her family ... Related Misty Upham » August: Osage County » Death » Misty Upham\u0027s family says actress fell to her death after hiding from policeEntertainment Weekly Actress Misty Upham dies: Five notable film rolesLos Angeles Times Opinion:Juliette Lewis says Misty Upham was murderedSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Misty Upham See all 138 sources » Related Misty Upham » August: Osage County » Death » Los Angeles Times1 hour ago  -  Google+ The body of actress Misty Upham, who had roles in “August: Osage County\" and \"Django Unchained,\" has been positively identified. The 32-year-old was found yesterday by a family member a…t the bottom of a steep embankment in a Seattle suburb, police say.Reuters  - ?1 hour ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Nick Folk disappointed after potential winning field goal is blocked Newsday  - ?47 minutes ago? Add comment. Nick Folk disappointed after potential winning field goal is blocked. Updated October 17, 2014 3:20 AM By ANTHONY RIEBER anthony. Related New York Jets » New England Patriots » Tom Brady » Rex Ryan on NY Jets season to date: \u0027It\u0027s been a big failure\u0027New York Daily News Add Bad Luck to the List of Jets\u0027 ProblemsWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Remember When: Bill Belichick quit as \u0027HC of the NYJ\u0027 after one dayCBSSports.com Opinion:Five-Down Territory: What Happens When the Patriots Face Better Opponents?Boston.com In Depth:The Rex Ryan era is all but over after Jets\u0027 lossNew York Post See all 1,893 sources » Related New York Jets » New England Patriots » Tom Brady »Newsday  - ?47 minutes ago?MLB.comSee realtime coverage Royals: August sweep over Giants \u0027doesn\u0027t mean anything\u0027 MLB.com  - ?37 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY -- The Royals swept San Francisco in three games when the Giants ventured into Kansas City on Aug. 8-10. To which the Royals respond: So what? Related San Francisco Giants » World Series » Kansas City Royals » Wild-card World Series matchup: Seasoned, successful Giants vs fresh, playoff ...Fox News Breaking up five common baseball mythsFOXSports.com Trending on Google+:San Francisco Giants beat St. Louis Cardinals in NLCS, advance to World Seriesabc7news.com Opinion:Chugging Is DumbDeadspin In Depth:NLCS: Cardinals\u0027 curious decision leads to Giants\u0027 deciding blowWashington Post See all 1,763 sources » Related San Francisco Giants » World Series » Kansas City Royals » Jessica Gray4 hours ago  -  Google+ Great photos, all from + Instagram from various people. + San Francisco Giants #worldseriesbound The guy who caught game winning, walk off homerun, Frank, returned the ball to Ishi. At the time, the + San Francisco Giants couldn\u0027t give him #worldseries tickets, b…ut since his story broke both KNBR and the Giants are trying to change that. Ishi was able to sign the game winning bat and took pictures with Frank. Awesome story...MLB.com  - ?37 minutes ago?Stars and StripesSee realtime coverage Japan reactors near active volcano called unsafe Stars and Stripes  - ?4 hours ago? Rescue workers walk back in a cloud of dust from a helicopter in Otaki, Nagano prefecture, central Japan on Oct. 8, 2014, after a search operation on Mount Ontake. Related Volcanoes » Japan » ENVIRONMENT \u0026 CLIMATE Japan\u0027s Volcanos Threaten Nuclear Reactors ...Science Times Expert says deadly eruption in Japan shook up volcano, making nuclear reactors ...Tech Times Highly Cited:Japan\u0027s volcanoes made more jittery by 2011 quake, expert saysReuters In Depth:Japan reactor near active volcanos called unsafeThe Seattle Times See all 74 sources » Related Volcanoes » Japan »Stars and Stripes  - ?4 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Returns to Earth After Nearly Two Years NBCNews.com  - ?20 minutes ago? No one seems to know much about the Air Force\u0027s X-37B secret space plane except that it appears to be working exactly as designed. Related United States Air Force » Vandenberg Air Force Base » America\u0027s super-secret X-37B plane returns to Earth after nearly TWO YEARS aloftRegister Secretive X-37B space plane returns to Earth, two years onCNET Opinion:Mystery spy spaceship lands on Earth after record 675-day orbitGizmodo In Depth:US military\u0027s X-37B space plane lands in CaliforniaSpaceflight Now Wikipedia:Boeing X-37 See all 156 sources » Related United States Air Force » Vandenberg Air Force Base » SPACE.com6 hours ago  -  Google+ The X-37B touched down at California\u0027s Vandenberg Air Force Base on Friday (Oct. 17), ending a space mission that kicked off in December 2012 and saw the unmanned vehicle circle Earth for an unpre…cedented 675 days. X-37B Military Space Plane Lands After Record-Shattering Secret MissionNBCNews.com  - ?20 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage US health agency chief faulted over confusing Ebola messages Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters) - The widening circle of people potentially exposed to Ebola in the United States is calling into question how well Dr. Related Ebola » Tom Frieden » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Ebola Q\u0026AWKBN.com Amid Ebola Panic, Separating Fact From FictionNational Geographic Opinion:Flip-flopping health officials spread confusionBoston Herald In Depth:In The Ebola Fight, A Defense Of Embattled CDC Chief Thomas FriedenForbes Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 123 sources » Related Ebola » Tom Frieden » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention »Reuters  - ?3 hours ago?Fox BusinessSee realtime coverage Stomach-Churning Ride for Ebola Stocks Fox Business  - ?5 hours ago? Investing in Ebola stocks right now is the equivalent of taking a blowtorch to your portfolio. A momentum outbreak took hold in a lot of Ebola-related stocks starting last week, and now the sketchy “sector,” if you can even call it that, is in reversal. Related Ebola » Food and Drug Administration » FDA approves testing new Ebola drugCBS News Experimental Treatments That Could Help Stop EbolaABC News Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 102 sources » Related Ebola » Food and Drug Administration » Xconomy4 hours ago  -  Google+ Chimerix announced today that the FDA has approved of a Phase 2 trial for brincidofovir, its antiviral drug for patients infected with Ebola. Chimerix Antiviral to Start in Ebola Clinical Trial | XconomyFox Business  - ?5 hours ago?MedPage TodaySee realtime coverage Ebola: Politicos Mull Travel Restrictions; Docs Say No MedPage Today  - ?5 hours ago? Infectious Disease. Ebola: Politicos Mull Travel Restrictions; Docs Say No. Published: Oct 17, 2014. By Joyce Frieden, News Editor, MedPage Today. Related Ebola » Beyond Ebola: Infectious disease has gone global, health experts warnGeekWire Computer Model Predicts 2 Dozen Ebola Cases in US This MonthInsurance Journal In Depth:US Ebola Cases May Exceed Two Dozen by November, Researchers SayBusinessweek Wikipedia:Ebola virus outbreak in the United States See all 30 sources » Related Ebola » Men\u0027s Journal3 hours ago  -  Google+ Worry about Ebola is spreading far faster than the infectious disease itself. Here what you need to know, like that this isn\u0027t the first time Ebola has landed on U.S. soil.MedPage Today  - ?5 hours ago?euronewsSee realtime coverage Health Officials Request Production Plans For Ebola Drug ZMapp Huffington Post  - ?4 hours ago? A technician holds vials containing engineered DNA that will be introduced into the leaves of nicotiana benthamiana plants, which are a close relative of tobacco, in a lab at the facilities of Icon Genetics on August 14, 2014 in Halle, Germany. Related Ebola » Drugs » US requests production plans for Ebola drug ZMappDaily Mail Holly Springs plant on short-list to produce anti-Ebola drugNews \u0026 Observer Highly Cited:Amgen Tests New Way to Make Ebola Drug to Boost SupplyBloomberg See all 28 sources » Related Ebola » Drugs »Huffington Post  - ?4 hours ago?Today 70° 50° Sat 54° 37° Sun 52° 34° Mon 63° 46°Today YesterdayNHL  NSH 1 0 0:00 1P WPGDET 2 0 5:40 2P TORCGY 0 3 19:43 3P CLSFLA 1 0 16:30 3P BUFVAN 1413595800 EDMMIN 1413597600 ANHMLS  RSL 1413597600 PORNHL  NJ 2-6 Final WASDAL 3-2 Final PITSJ 3-4 Final NYICAR 1-2 Final NYRBOS 4-6 Final MONCOL 3-5 Final OTTSTL 0-1 Final LAMLS  NE 2-1 Final HOUMLB  STL 3-6 Final SFNFL  NYJ 25-27 Final NE -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":48,"second":44},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
