{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentLost Jet\u0027s Path Seen as Altered via ComputerStates move to stop Tesla\u0027s direct sales, as Musk suggests company victim of ...Lawyers seek mistrial in trainer rape caseNHLNBANHLMLSNBASeattle, Washington » - Change locationUW earns 4-3 victory in 11 innings at Arizona StateSeattle Arena environmental impact statement on holdCity Council passes limits for app-based ride share companiesEditors\u0027 PicksNews anchors react on air to 4.4 earthquakeBeluga whale at Conn. aquarium intrigued by bagpipe musicPaleontologists look inside the Seattle mammoth tuskHow to be more productive while working from homeWearin\u0027 o\u0027 the green for Seattle dogsSpotlight »For troubled teens, making and sharing poetry may be unexpected source of ...15 Hilariously Honest Notes That Said It Better Than A Text Message Ever CouldGoodbye, Google Voice: I\u0027m breaking up with youBeyond \u0027Black Power,\u0027 recounting the under-told story of Stokely CarmichaelKylie Jenner Wears Cut-Out Bikini At Versace MansionHow to survive on MarsThe Rise of Anti-CapitalismArtist Wants To Map Every Single Human Skin Tone On EarthWhat Does It Really Mean When Politicians and Pundits Cry “Nazi”?Obama seeks to stay neutral in CIA-Senate spatSleepers and Busts: The OutfieldersOn the Wrong Side of GlobalizationMost popularLost Jet\u0027s Path Seen as Altered via ComputerL\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s notable red carpet looks for Nicole Kidman, other starsPutin recognizes Crimean independenceTV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10-year sentenceHow An LA Times Reporter Got An Algorithm To Write Articles For HimMajor discovery bolsters Big Bang theory of universeVideo: GM CEO Mary Barra offers update on recallsCall over saturated fats guidanceRussia dismisses sanctions, gambles energy needs will weaken EU resolveIndianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay arrested for DUI as friends reveal drug addiction","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesYen nurses losses, euro edges up as Ukraine anxiety ebbs for nowIs your home earthquake-ready? How to prepare for the big oneMalaysia Airlines Flight 370: Where the search stands nowDancing with the Stars Premiere: How Did Meryl Davis Fare Against Charlie ...Bruins extend streak to nine, tame WildTV pitchman Trudeu finds he can\u0027t talk his way out of prison termWorld »Abbas refuses to recognize Israel as a \u0027Jewish state\u0027China Snubs UN\u0027s North Korea ReportGovernment Sends Soldiers To a Protest Site in CaracasDeterioration in US-Russian Relations May Disrupt Coming Talks With IranU.S. »NY Senate rejects immigrant student \u0027Dream Act\u0027Opposing Testimony Caps Trial of General3rd person dies from South By Southwest crashWithout Mayor de Blasio, St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Marches OnBusiness »GM recalling 1.5 million vehiclesSony Said Cutting Entertainment Jobs on Hirai\u0027s Profit PledgeStocks jump as worries over Crimea vote fadeTechnology »Hacker crashes Google Play -- twiceMicrosoft Launching Surface 2 with LTE on AT\u0026T TuesdayEntertainment »L\u0027Wren Scott dead: Fashion world shocked by designer\u0027s apparent suicideDid Courtney Love Find Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370?Chris Brown Ordered to Stay in JailKanye West Pleads No Contest, Sentenced to Anger ManagementSports »Rockets end skid with 124-86 blowout over JazzKravitz: Jim Irsay is fighting for his life, he needs helpTeddy Bridgewater draws a crowd to his pro day at LouisvilleJosh Hamilton returns from calf injuryDurant Leads Thunder Past Bulls 97-85Science »Think your moss is tough to kill? This one\u0027s alive after 1500 frozen yearsA new look at the Big Bang, moments laterHealth »Saturated fat alone doesn\u0027t predict heart disease riskStudy to test \u0027chocolate\u0027 pills for heart healthRecentSeattle, Washington » - Change locationEditors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 18 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 18 2013 2014 2015FEB MAR APR182013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories National PostSee realtime coverage Yen nurses losses, euro edges up as Ukraine anxiety ebbs for now Reuters  - ?34 minutes ago? TOKYO (Reuters) - The safe-haven yen stayed below a recent peak against the dollar and the euro stood firm on Tuesday as anxiety over the Ukraine crisis ebbed for the time being. Related Crimea » Russia » Ukraine » Crimea\u0027s vote: Was it legal?CNN Merkel proposes more Ukraine observers to PutinWashington Post From Russia:EU has published a list of 21 sanctioned Russian and Crimean officialsITAR-TASS Opinion:Ron Paul: Crimea secedes. So what?USA TODAY In Depth:Putin recognises Crimea as sovereign state, despite sanctionsABC Online Wikipedia:2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine See all 6,836 sources » Related Crimea » Russia » Ukraine » NBC Bay Area6 hours ago  -  Google+ CRIMEAN CRISIS: Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Monday recognizing Ukraine\u0027s Crimea region as a sovereign state, one day after a referendum on Crimea\u0027s future yielded a res…ult overwhelmingly in favor of leaving Ukraine to join Russia. http://trib.al/EEyALOd [Photo: Getty Images] 2063-37512fc1be05b10f6a8b93d88e7d1e95.jpg Boston Herald Boston Herald US announces sanctions against Russian officials ABC News ABC News Obama Announces Sanctions to Punish Russia For Crimea Invasion Kansas City Star Kansas City Star U.S. targets 11 in first response to Crimea vote as Russia recognizes region\u0027s ... Washington Post Washington Post US rejects Crimea vote, cites Russian intimidation San Francisco Chronicle San Francisco Chronicle East vs West Ukraine conflict not a new Cold War Washington Post (blog) Washington Post (blog) Vladimir Putin, economist? The Courier The Courier EU to consider Russia sanctions Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Final Crimea count: 97 percent back Russia KSPR KSPR West hits back at Russians over Crimea New York Daily News New York Daily News Crimea residents vote to secede from Ukraine in referendum US lawmakers call ... Getty Images Getty Images Obama Delivers Statement On The Ukraine At The White House WJXT Jacksonville WJXT Jacksonville Ukraine \u0027will never accept\u0027 Crimea annexation Kansas City Star Kansas City Star EU mulling next steps against Russia over Ukraine Politico Politico US rejects Crimea vote as invalid Edmonton Journal Edmonton Journal Harper ups sanctions against Russia, talks with Ukrainian ambassador Canada.com Canada.com While Russia moves on Ukraine, much of western intelligentsia blames the victims BBC News BBC News Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin recognises Crimea as nation Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Russia Moves Closer to Absorbing Crimea, Despite Sanctions The State The State Crimeans vote to leave Ukraine, join Russia Washington Post Washington Post EU sanctions officials linked to Ukraine unrest E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Is your home earthquake-ready? How to prepare for the big one Los Angeles Times  - ?38 minutes ago? It\u0027s been so long since Los Angeles suffered a major earthquake -- the magnitude 6.7 Northridge quake was 20 years ago in January -- that it\u0027s been easy to put disaster preparedness on a back burner. Related Earthquakes » Los Angeles » News Reporters React to Earthquake in L.A.New Jersey 101.5 FM Radio Los Angeles earthquake a prelude to something bigger? (+video)Christian Science Monitor In Depth:Video: TV anchors duck for cover when earthquake strikesHouston Chronicle See all 740 sources » Related Earthquakes » Los Angeles » RT5 hours ago  -  Google+ A 4.4 magnitude earthquake rocked Los Angeles, California, Monday morning, strong enough to drive two news anchors in the area into hiding under their desks during a live broadcast. News anchors hide under studio desk as earthquake hits LA (VIDEO) National PostSee realtime coverage Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Where the search stands now CBS News  - ?44 minutes ago? As the search continues for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, more than a week after the flight and all 239 people on board disappeared, CBS News rounds up the latest on where the situation stands now. Related Malaysia Airlines » Malaysia » Pilots, passengers under scrutinyKRDO Questions Over Absence of Cellphone Calls From Missing Flight\u0027s PassengersNew York Times - by Keith Bradsher Featured:Malaysian jet mystery: Missing plane probe spotlights cockpit crewgulfnews.com In Depth:Malaysian airplane investigators look at suicide as possible motiveReuters India Live Updating:Malaysia Airlines Missing Plane: Police Probe Focuses On Flight Engineer ...Huffington Post Wikipedia:Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 See all 9,233 sources » Related Malaysia Airlines » Malaysia » NDTV45 minutes ago  -  Google+ Missing Malaysia Airlines plane\u0027s path seen as altered via flight computer http://ndtv.in/1gApnRL The first turn that diverted the missing plane from its route was entered into a computer system, most likely by someon…e in the plane\u0027s cockpit, American officials said. Malaysia_Airlines_search_NYT.jpg Reality RewindSee realtime coverage Dancing with the Stars Premiere: How Did Meryl Davis Fare Against Charlie ... People Magazine  - ?20 minutes ago? Another season of Dancing with the Stars kicked off on Monday night, with no shortage of fancy footwork to hit the ballroom. Although the night consisted of many highs from a number of talented contestants, it was Olympic gold medalist ice skating ... Related Dancing with the Stars » Dancing With the Stars Season 18 Premiere Recap: Who Dazzled? Who Fell ...Us Magazine - by Allison Takeda \u0027Dancing with the Stars\u0027 2014 premiere: Switchin\u0027 it upThe Star-Ledger In Depth:\u0027Dancing\u0027 kicks off with sass, sizzleUSA TODAY - by Ann Oldenburg Live Updating:LIVE UPDATES: \u0027Dancing with the Stars\u0027 Season 18 PremiereABC News (blog) See all 202 sources » Related Dancing with the Stars » Washington PostSee realtime coverage Bruins extend streak to nine, tame Wild USA TODAY  - ?36 minutes ago? BOSTON (AP) - Jarome Iginla scored two goals, Tuukka Rask stopped 33 shots, and the Eastern Conference-leading Boston Bruins extended their winning streak to nine games with a 4-1 win over the Minnesota Wild on Monday night. Related Boston Bruins » Minnesota Wild » Boston » Bruins win 9th straightBoston Herald Bruins ease past Wild, run win streak to nineChicago Tribune In Depth:Justin Fontaine returns against the Bruins; Mike Yeo chats with Dany Heatley ...Minneapolis Star Tribune (blog) Live Updating:Bruins-Wild Live: Jarome Iginla\u0027s Two Goals Help B\u0027s Extend Winning Streak To ...NESN.com See all 62 sources » Related Boston Bruins » Minnesota Wild » Boston » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage TV pitchman Trudeu finds he can\u0027t talk his way out of prison term Chicago Sun-Times  - ?1 hour ago? It\u0027s difficult to pinpoint exactly what it is about infomercial pitchman Kevin Trudeau that makes him so easy to hate on. Is it his outright disrespect for the law and for the federal judges trying to enforce it? Related Kevin Trudeau » TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10-year sentenceBellingham Herald TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10 years in prison for false diet book claimsUPI.com Wikipedia:Kevin Trudeau See all 122 sources » Related Kevin Trudeau » Chicago Tribune5 hours ago  -  Google+ Chicago-based TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau was sentenced to 10 years in prison today for repeatedly defying court orders to pay a whopping $37 million fine over his fraudulent infomercials. TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau sentenced to 10 years in prison Want better news? Create a Google Account to get Google News personalized for you. World » HaaretzSee realtime coverage Abbas refuses to recognize Israel as a \u0027Jewish state\u0027 The Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago? It was an impatient U.S. President Barack Obama, undoubtedly preoccupied with the crisis in Crimea, who prodded Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas Monday to accept a U.S. Related Mahmoud Abbas » Israel » Palestinian people » Obama urges hard work for Mideast peaceWashington Post Jewish State Declaration Is Unyielding Block to a DealNew York Times From Israel:Internal rift rattles Abbas\u0027 Fatah (yet again)Haaretz Opinion:Israel, Abbas face 5 realities on peaceCNN International In Depth:Obama Says Path to Mideast Peace ChallengingTIME See all 917 sources » Related Mahmoud Abbas » Israel » Palestinian people » Michael Schobel10 hours ago  -  Google+ #palestine #israel . (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday \"to make the tough decisions that will be necessary\" before an April 29 deadlin…e for a peace deal with Israel, a U.S. official said. Kerry urges Abbas to make \u0027tough decisions\u0027 on peace Washington PostSee realtime coverage China Snubs UN\u0027s North Korea Report New York Times  - ?41 minutes ago? China on Monday dismissed a United Nations report accusing North Korea of committing crimes against humanity. The report, published in February, accused North Korea of mass killings and torture and said its officials should be tried in the International ... Related North Korea » United Nations » UN Rights Envoy Urges Action Against N.KoreaThe Chosun Ilbo North Korea is as bad as the Nazis, says UN - but China tells it to mind its own ...Daily Mail In Depth:Tom Miles and Stephanie NebehaySydney Morning Herald See all 195 sources » Related North Korea » United Nations » Hannah K27 minutes ago  -  Google+ When there were kidnapping incidents by North Korean Government, Japanese mainstream media and politicians completely ignored and they clearly stated that the case was false.? I am sorry to say this …but I saw a TV at a lounge yesterday with Mr. and Mrs. Yokota whose daughter was kidnapped at the age of 13 by a spy from North Korea. I really want Japanese mainstream media, all of them, IGNORED THE CASE AND LAUGHED THAT THE INCIDENT WAS A LIE.  ... swissinfo.chSee realtime coverage Government Sends Soldiers To a Protest Site in Caracas New York Times  - ?31 minutes ago? Venezuelan National Guard soldiers on guard at a metro station at Altamira square in Caracas on Monday. Credit Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters. Related Venezuela » Caracas » Venezuela unrest toll rises as soldier is shot in headReuters Soldiers storm protesters in Caracas campThe Times (subscription) In Depth:Venezuelan Security Forces Take Over Altamira PlazaWall Street Journal See all 101 sources » Related Venezuela » Caracas » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #venezuela . (Reuters) - Venezuelan troops stormed a Caracas square on Sunday to evict protesters who turned it into a stronghold during six weeks of demonstrations against President Nicolas Maduro. Soldiers storm Venezuelan protesters\u0027 stronghold Montreal GazetteSee realtime coverage Deterioration in US-Russian Relations May Disrupt Coming Talks With Iran New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? PARIS - Tensions between the West and Russia over events in Ukraine have cast a shadow over the second round of talks set to begin on Tuesday in Vienna on a permanent nuclear agreement with Iran. Related Iran » Tehran » Iran says uranium enrichment main topic of fresh nuclear talksXinhua Iran Nuclear Talks Resume in Vienna Overshadowed by Crimea VoteBusinessweek From Iran:China vows to push forward Iran nuclear talksTehran Times In Depth:Iran Talks Resume Amid Ukraine CrisisWall Street Journal See all 149 sources » Related Iran » Tehran » I SUPPORT ISRAEL3 hours ago  -  Google+ Uncanny timing for the Ayatollah to speak about plans for Western leaders.... as talks convene on Iran`s nuclear program. Ayatollah Kashani believes,  as most Islamic extremists,  that the \"Mahd…i\" will be the key.  The \"Mahdi\" is the last Iman to return at end times.  The Islamic extremists, including the Ayaltollah Khamenei, President Rouhani, and Foreign Minister Zarif, have been closely involved with Iran`s religious ideol... Ayatollah: Islamic Messiah \u0027Will Behead Western Leaders\u0027 | #1 News Site on... More World stories U.S. » NY1See realtime coverage NY Senate rejects immigrant student \u0027Dream Act\u0027 Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?33 minutes ago? ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - The New York Senate rejected a bill Monday that would open up state tuition assistance to students in the country illegally, dashing long-held hopes of immigration advocates and prompting finger-pointing among rival Democrats. Related United States Senate » New York State Senate » Democratic Party » New York Senate rejects DREAM ActThe Journal News | LoHud.com State Senate Rejects Bill Granting Tuition Aid to Illegal ImmigrantsNew York Times Highly Cited:Senate fights over DREAM Act failureRochester Democrat and Chronicle In Depth:State Senate votes down bill for college financial aid to children of illegal ...Buffalo News See all 66 sources » Related United States Senate » New York State Senate » Democratic Party » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Opposing Testimony Caps Trial of General New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Sinclair leaving the courthouse in Fort Bragg, N.C., on Monday. Credit Davis Turner/Getty Images. Continue reading the main story. Related Sexual assault » 10 Things to Know for TuesdayAnchorage Daily News Sexual assault charges dropped against generalPublish Date: Mar 18, 2014New Vision Featured:Can military try sexual assault cases? Critics decry general\u0027s plea deal.Christian Science Monitor Opinion:Military sex assault charges dwindle awaySan Francisco Chronicle In Depth:Sinclair\u0027s accuser testifies, \u0027I was just being used for sex\u0027Los Angeles Times See all 647 sources » Related Sexual assault » Washington PostSee realtime coverage 3rd person dies from South By Southwest crash Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? AUSTIN, Texas - A third person struck by a suspected drunken driver in Austin last week during the South By Southwest festival died Monday, police and family said. Related South by Southwest » Austin » Third person dies from South by Southwest crash in Texas capitalReuters Austin B-Cycle sets record at SXSWKVUE In Depth:SXSW 2014: Catch these 8 hot festivals bands in Bay AreaSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:South by Southwest See all 427 sources » Related South by Southwest » Austin » Geeks are Sexy5 hours ago  -  Google+ The recent 2014 SXSW (South by Southwest) Festival in Austin, Texas featured a Game of Thrones exhibit. Within that exhibit, however, was a virtual reality simulator called Oculus Rift. Actress Maisie… Williams (‘Arya Stark’) was one of the GoT actors… \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 Actors Try Out Oculus Rift at SXSW [Video] Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Without Mayor de Blasio, St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Marches On Wall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago? The wail of bagpipes, the pounding of drums and the sea of shamrocks were all present Monday to celebrate the annual St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade on Fifth Avenue, but for the first time in a generation there was a glaring break in tradition. Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » Saint Patrick » Guinness drops parade sponsorship over gay rightsTelegraph.co.uk EDIT: More colors on St. Patrick\u0027s DayDaily Free Press (subscription) Opinion:Seven busted following St. Patrick\u0027s Day paradeBoston Herald In Depth:Why beer brands side with gay community, not St. Patrick\u0027s paradesChristian Science Monitor - by Karis Hustad See all 756 sources » Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » Saint Patrick » Yahoo News5 hours ago  -  Google+ PHOTOS : A laborer works at an upside-down house under construction at Fengjing Ancient Town, south of Shanghai, a man smears the face of a woman with colors during celebrations marking Holi, the Hind…u festival of colors, in Mumbai, India and U.S. Army specialist Fennessy hugs an Irish Wolfhound named \"Trixie\" during a break in the march up Fifth Ave. during the St. Patricks Day Parade are some of the photos of the day. http://yhoo.it/1cSlyYP #potd #photography #photos 2921-dee97224ccc1a6a8cc14add2ffef6008.jpg More U.S. stories Business » NPRSee realtime coverage GM recalling 1.5 million vehicles KPLC-TV  - ?6 minutes ago? The biggest recall involves 1.2 million of GM\u0027s popular crossover SUV models because of a problem that could result in the side airbags not deploying. Related General Motors » GM responds to safety scandal by recalling 1.5 million more vehiclesLos Angeles Times GM announces three more recallsWWLP 22News In Depth:Something Went \u0027Very Wrong\u0027 at GM, Chief SaysNew York Times See all 408 sources » Related General Motors » NBC News10 hours ago  -  Google+ GM recalls 1.5 million more vehicles General Motors will take a $300 million charge primarily to cover the costs related to the faulty ignition switches linked to at least 12 deaths. Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1g2YbN1 Pho…to: Stan Honda / AFP/Getty Images 140317-gm-hq-12p_14c0592155a436d38cfcb7f131570073.nbcnews-fp-480-320.jpg euronewsSee realtime coverage Sony Said Cutting Entertainment Jobs on Hirai\u0027s Profit Pledge Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago? Signage is displayed outside of the Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. Studios building in Culver City, California, U.S. Photographer: Jonathan Alcorn/Bloomberg. Related Sony Pictures Entertainment » Reports: Sony Commences Job Cuts At Entertainment DivisionRTT News Sony Pictures to announce lay-offs across division: sourceThe Star Online See all 23 sources » Related Sony Pictures Entertainment » Economic TimesSee realtime coverage Stocks jump as worries over Crimea vote fade Houston Chronicle  - ?5 hours ago? Trader Patrick McKeon, and Glenn Kessler, foreground left and right, work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Monday, March 17, 2014. Related United States of America » Stocks soar as output surgesBoston.com Stocks surge as Crimea worries fade, factories reboundNewsday See all 248 sources » Related United States of America » More Business stories Technology » KRDOSee realtime coverage Hacker crashes Google Play -- twice WSBT-TV  - ?5 hours ago? New Android apps and updates were blocked from appearing in Google\u0027s Play Store on Monday, after a hacker attacked Google\u0027s app publishing system. Related Google » Android And iOS Gamers Will Soon Be Able To Play With Each OtherReadWrite - by Dan Rowinski Google Play Games adding gifts, new categories, and multiplayer to Android and ...Mobile Burn See all 113 sources » Related Google » G+GoTo Gal10 hours ago  -  Google+ Google Play Games gets gifts, multiplayer invites, cross-platform Android and iOS multiplayer support Google is boosting its Game platform and adding gifts, leader boards and.... you can even invite… Iphone users to play with you! And as always - the underlying layer is your circles . Read more here: http://goo.gl/dfSI3x --------- #googleplay   #googlegames   #gamefication   Google game gifts.png Auto World NewsSee realtime coverage Microsoft Launching Surface 2 with LTE on AT\u0026T Tuesday Redmond Channel Partner  - ?8 hours ago? A version of Microsoft\u0027s consumer-focused Surface 2 tablet with mobile broadband support will become available on AT\u0026T\u0027s 4G network on March 18, Microsoft announced Monday. Microsoft Surface 2 4G LTE tablet lands at AT\u0026TCNET - by Xiomara Blanco See all 89 sources » Related: Microsoft Corporation » Microsoft Surface » Tablet computers » SlashGear11 hours ago  -  Google+ A new version of Microsoft’s Surface 2 tablet, this time packing integrated LTE connectivity for getting online while on the move, will go on sale from March 18th. The Windows RT slate will use AT\u0026…;T’s 4G network and be priced at $679 for the 64GB version,… Surface 2 LTE finally adds 4G to Windows tablet More Technology stories Entertainment » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage L\u0027Wren Scott dead: Fashion world shocked by designer\u0027s apparent suicide New York Daily News  - ?25 minutes ago? The fashion world was shocked and heartbroken Monday after learning of designer L\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s tragic death. Editors, models, fellow designers and the celebrities who wore Scott\u0027s gowns on the red carpet were horrified after an assistant found the ... Related L\u0027Wren Scott » Mick Jagger » L\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s notable red carpet looks for Nicole Kidman, other starsLos Angeles Times - by Booth Moore Some of Mick Jagger\u0027s past wives and girlfriendsWashington Post In Depth:Fashion\u0027s L\u0027Wren Scott found dead in NYC in apparent suicideReuters See all 1,140 sources » Related L\u0027Wren Scott » Mick Jagger » NBC News9 hours ago  -  Google+ Mick Jagger\u0027s girlfriend, the fashion designer L\u0027Wren Scott, has been found dead in Manhattan of an apparent suicide, according to law enforcement sources. http://nbcnews.to/OoYXbA 10013007_784066108280088_1076452314_n.jpg MetroSee realtime coverage Did Courtney Love Find Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370? MTV.com  - ?2 hours ago? Call off the dogs: Courtney Love has a lead on that missing Malaysian Airlines plane. Nine days after flight MH370 went missing, the Hole frontwoman took to Facebook to share her theory, pointing to an ocean-view photo and claiming, \"I\u0027m no expert, but up ... Related Courtney Love » Malaysia Airlines » Did Courtney Love find the missing Malaysian plane?kfor.com Courtney Love claims to have found missing planeSan Francisco Chronicle (blog) Highly Cited:Courtney Love Is \u0027Obsessed\u0027 With Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370New York Magazine See all 52 sources » Related Courtney Love » Malaysia Airlines » Fox 8 News Cleveland28 minutes ago  -  Google+ Singer, actress, now investigator? Did Courtney Love just crack the case of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight? http://link.fox8.com/1gHJutO Did Courtney Love Just Crack the Case of the Missing Flight? San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Chris Brown Ordered to Stay in Jail Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago? Chris Brown has been ordered to stay in jail for at least a month, TMZ.com reports. Brown appeared in court on Monday after being sent to jail for getting kicked out of his court-mandated rehab. Related Chris Brown » Chris Brown: Judge \u0027troubled\u0027 by alleged gun, knife threat at rehabLos Angeles Times - by richard winton Chris Brown to Stay in Jail Until April for Violating Rehab RulesAceShowbiz Highly Cited:Chris Brown -- Jailed For a Month ... He Can\u0027t Stay Out of TroubleTMZ.com In Depth:Chris Brown: Kicked Out of Rehab For Touching Women, Refusing Drug Test ...The Hollywood Gossip See all 381 sources » Related Chris Brown » Rod J.2 hours ago  -  Google+ Chris Brown will spend another month in jail after a judge said Monday he was told the singer made troubling comments in ... http://cdn.localwireless.com/wap/news Judge orders Chris Brown to remain in jail San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Kanye West Pleads No Contest, Sentenced to Anger Management Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago? On Monday, Kanye West pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery after attacking a photographer at Los Angeles Airport last year, People reports. Related Kanye West » Kanye West gets 2-year probation after pleading no contest in paparazzo attackReality TV World Kanye West placed on probation over scuffle with photographerReuters See all 160 sources » Related Kanye West » More Entertainment stories Sports » San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Rockets end skid with 124-86 blowout over Jazz San Francisco Chronicle  - ?8 minutes ago? HOUSTON (AP) - Terrence Jones scored 30 points and the Houston Rockets ended a three-game skid with their most lopsided victory of the season, a 124-86 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. Related Houston Rockets » Utah Jazz » Dwight Howard » Recap: Houston vs. UtahMiamiHerald.com Utah Jazz: Rockets trounce Jazz 124-86Salt Lake Tribune Featured:Jazz basketball: Terrence Jones and the red-hot Rockets rout Utah 124-86Deseret News In Depth:Ten Before Tip: NBA news from MondayNBA.com See all 61 sources » Related Houston Rockets » Utah Jazz » Dwight Howard » Utah Jazz3 hours ago  -  Google+ LET\u0027S GO JAZZ!!! Jazz vs. Rockets coming up at 6 p.m. MT. Dwight Howard (ankle) is out for Houston. Watch on ROOT Sports (Comcast 693, DIRECTV 684.1, DISH 440). Broadcast Info: http://utahjazz.com/broadcast San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Kravitz: Jim Irsay is fighting for his life, he needs help USA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago? In a twisted way, Jim Irsay\u0027s friends have been praying for this day. They\u0027ve been praying for the day when he\u0027d reach rock bottom and be forced to come to terms with a drug problem that he\u0027s battled for some time. Related Jim Irsay » Indianapolis Colts » NFL: Colts owner Irsay faces four felony countsSan Jose Mercury News After Traffic Stop, Colts\u0027 Owner May Face Felony Drug ChargesNew York Times In Depth:Colts owner Jim Irsay likely won\u0027t face jail time if found guilty, legal experts sayIndianapolis Star Wikipedia:Jim Irsay See all 522 sources » Related Jim Irsay » Indianapolis Colts » RantSports9 hours ago  -  Google+ Colts\u0027 owner Jim Irsay earned himself a OWI over the weekend. Should Indianapolis be considered for getting the Super Bowl in 2018, due to this incident? http://www.rantsports.com/nfl/2014/03/17/indianapolis-colts-what-jim-irsays-owi-means-to-the-team/ http://static.ow.ly/photos/normal/4VCOA.jpg San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Teddy Bridgewater draws a crowd to his pro day at Louisville The Seattle Times  - ?57 minutes ago? Former Louisville quarterback Teddy Bridgewater gave NFL teams a glimpse of the skills he believes will make him a first-round draft choice this year. Related Teddy Bridgewater » National Football League » Bridgewater\u0027s underwhelming performance raises questionsUSA TODAY Reviews mixed on gloveless Teddy Bridgewater at pro dayThe Courier-Journal - by Jeff Greer In Depth:Cleveland Browns\u0027 Mike Pettine, Kyle Shanahan and QB coach Dowell Loggains ...The Plain Dealer See all 168 sources » Related Teddy Bridgewater » National Football League » Brian Smith8 hours ago  -  Google+ Teddy Bridgewater declined to throw and run at the NFL scouting combine, opting to showcase his skills to league personnel in a controlled environment during Louisville’s pro day. The decision may hav…e backfired for Bridgewater. The potential No. 1 overall pick of the 2014 draft was less accurate than expected, several of his throws were clearly off target and his ball often fluttered on short- and long-yardage attempts, despite throwing indoors.... Teddy Bridgewater off target at Louisville\u0027s pro day Washington PostSee realtime coverage Josh Hamilton returns from calf injury ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? TEMPE, Ariz. -- Josh Hamilton returned for Los Angeles, and Kole Calhoun\u0027s big swing lifted the Angels to the spring win. Not a bad day at all for Mike Scioscia\u0027s club. Related Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim » San Francisco Giants » Josh Hamilton passes tests in Angels\u0027 exhibition gameLos Angeles Times Scutaro makes it look easyMiamiHerald.com In Depth:Hamilton back in the swing for AngelsOCRegister See all 86 sources » Related Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim » San Francisco Giants » San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Durant Leads Thunder Past Bulls 97-85 ABC News  - ?3 minutes ago? Kevin Durant finished with 35 points and 12 rebounds, and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Chicago Bulls 97-85 on Monday night. Russell Westbrook added 17 points after sitting out the previous day to rest his surgically repaired knee, and the Thunder ... Related Oklahoma City Thunder » Oklahoma City Thunder: Time to just hold the fortNewsOK.com - by Berry Tramel Bulls feeling good about themselves against Thundernwitimes.com See all 310 sources » Related Oklahoma City Thunder » More Sports stories Science » NDTVSee realtime coverage Think your moss is tough to kill? This one\u0027s alive after 1500 frozen years Q13 FOX  - ?14 minutes ago? Researchers drill into the moss banks of Signy Island, part of a group of remote islands off the Antarctic Peninsula. (Peter Boelen via Los Angeles Times). Related Antarctica » Is there life on moss?Irish Independent Frozen Antarctic moss brought back to life after 1500 yearsBBC News In Depth:A Growth Spurt at 1500 Years OldNew York Times - by Carl Zimmer See all 100 sources » Related Antarctica » Before It\u0027s News5 hours ago  -  Google+ Frozen In Ice For 1,500 Years, Moss Brought Back To Life http://b4in.org/b0wE Moss brought back to life after 1,500 years frozen in ice Researchers from the British Antarctic Survey and Reading University have demonstr…ated that, after over 1,500 years frozen in Antarctic ice, moss can come back to life and continue to grow. For the first time, this vital part of the ecosystem in both polar regions has been shown to have the ability to survive century to millennial... frozenmoss.jpg Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage A new look at the Big Bang, moments later Boston Globe  - ?55 minutes ago? CAMBRIDGE -- After days of rumors and anticipation, a team led by a Harvard astronomer announced Monday it had detected a pattern in the distant cosmos that reveals what happened in the first moments of the Big Bang 13.8 billion years ago: a ... Related Big Bang » Scientists detect ripples of Big Bang in deep spaceIrish Independent Gravity waves and the Big Bang theorymyfoxny.com Featured:A New Cosmic Discovery Could Be The Closest We\u0027ve Come to the Beginning of ...Smithsonian - by Joseph Stromberg Opinion:Cosmic Inflation Theory Confirmed? Q\u0026A with Robert Wilson, Co-Discoverer of ...Space.com In Depth:Big bang waves: direct evidence of universe\u0027s extraordinary expansionChristian Science Monitor - by Peter Spotts Wikipedia:Inflation See all 452 sources » Related Big Bang » StarTalk Radio11 hours ago  -  Google+ Gravity Waves from Big Bang Detected From Scientific American: Physicists have found a long-predicted twist in light from the Big Bang that represents the first image of ripples in the universe call…ed gravitational waves, researchers announced today. The finding is direct proof of the theory of inflation, the idea that the universe expanded extremely quickly in the first fraction of a second after it was born. What’s more, the signal is coming ... Gravity Waves from Big Bang Detected More Science stories Health » NPRSee realtime coverage Saturated fat alone doesn\u0027t predict heart disease risk CBC.ca  - ?2 hours ago? There\u0027s no clear evidence supporting decades-old dietary guidelines to cut our saturated fat intake to promote heart health, a new review concludes. Related Cardiovascular disease » Omega-3 fatty acids » Saturated fat may not be the bad guy of heart healthTech Times Foods rich in omega-3 may not help the heart, analysis findsChicago Tribune Highly Cited:Study Questions Fat and Heart Disease LinkNew York Times (blog) See all 49 sources » Related Cardiovascular disease » Omega-3 fatty acids » Jimmy Moore7 hours ago  -  Google+ Will The Popularity Of LCHF Trigger A New Epidemic of Heart Disease?: http://www.docsopinion.com/2014/03/17/will-the-popularity-of-lchf-trigger-new-epidemic-of-heart-disease Since low-carb is anti-inflammatory, I sincerely doubt it could be the culprit in a hypothetical rise of cardiovascular disease …in the years to come if a low-carb high-fat diet caught on. Fat, especially saturated fat, is arguably one of the healthiest substances you could possible consume because it is so benign regarding any disease. Carbohydrates, on the other hand, have b... Will the Popularity of LCHF Trigger a New Epidemic of Heart Disease? Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Study to test \u0027chocolate\u0027 pills for heart health Boston.com  - ?40 minutes ago? File - This Thursday, Nov. 24, 2005 file photo shows organic cocoa beans The Associated Press File - This Thursday, Nov. 24, 2005 file photo shows organic cocoa beans in storage at a factory in Ocumare de la Costa, 100 kilometers (60 miles) west of ... Related Chocolate » Chocolate good for the heart?Investor\u0027s Business Daily \"Chocolate\" Pill Studied for Heart Attack, Stroke PreventionWBAY In Depth:Study To Test \u0027Chocolate Pills\u0027 For Heart HealthHuffington Post See all 222 sources » Related Chocolate » US News \u0026 World Report7 hours ago  -  Google+ Researchers will study the impact of supplements containing the nutrients found in dark chocolate on subjects’ risk of heart attack and stroke. http://ow.ly/uGcsw Chocolate Pills Tested as Heart Health Fix - US News More Health stories Personalize Google News World U.S. Business Technology Entertainment Sports Science Health Examples: Astronomy, New England Patriots, White House Advanced » Settings | Reset | Help Save Recent Lost Jet\u0027s Path Seen as Altered via Computer New York Times - 9 minutes ago States move to stop Tesla\u0027s direct sales, as Musk suggests company victim of ... Fox News - 27 minutes ago Lawyers seek mistrial in trainer rape case USA TODAY - 24 minutes ago Weather for Seattle, Washington Today 50° 39° Tue 52° 45° Wed 50° 41° Thu 54° 37° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. NHL PHO 2 0 4:05 1P LA MIN 1-4 Final BOS VAN 3-4 Final TB WPG 1-3 Final STL NBA LAC 25 23 0:00 1Q DEN ATL 97-83 Final CHA PHI 90-99 Final IND PHO 95-108 Final BKN OKC 97-85 Final CHI UTA 86-124 Final HOU BOS 89-94 Final DAL live match NHL PHI 4-3 Final PIT TOR 2-4 Final WAS EDM 2-1 Final CAR VAN 4-3 Final FLA SJ 1-0 Final NYR COL 3-1 Final OTT MON 2-0 Final BUF DET 1-4 Final CHI DAL 2-7 Final WPG MLS CHI 1-1 Final POR VAN 1-1 Final CHV NBA CHA 101-92 Final MIL PHO 121-113 Final TOR HOU 104-113 Final MIA BOS 120-121 Final NO DAL 109-86 Final OKC UTA 104-122 Final SA SAC 102-104 Final MIN GS 113-112 Final POR CLE 80-102 Final LAC Sports scores hidden. Learn more Undo Seattle, Washington » - Change location City, State, or Zip Code: Automatically determine my geographic area   UW earns 4-3 victory in 11 innings at Arizona State The Seattle Times - 1 hour ago Seattle Arena environmental impact statement on hold KING5.com - 7 hours ago City Council passes limits for app-based ride share companies KOMO News - 23 minutes ago Editors\u0027 Picks News anchors react on air to 4.4 earthquake KING 5 News Beluga whale at Conn. aquarium intrigued by bagpipe music SUSAN WYATT / KING 5 News Paleontologists look inside the Seattle mammoth tusk JOAN KINSEY / Evening Magazine How to be more productive while working from home CAITLIN MURPHY / Special contributor to KING5.com Wearin\u0027 o\u0027 the green for Seattle dogs KING 5 News Learn more Spotlight » For troubled teens, making and sharing poetry may be unexpected source of ... PBS NewsHour - 1 hour ago 15 Hilariously Honest Notes That Said It Better Than A Text Message Ever Could Huffington Post (satire) - Mar 14, 2014 Goodbye, Google Voice: I\u0027m breaking up with you ITworld.com - Mar 14, 2014 Beyond \u0027Black Power,\u0027 recounting the under-told story of Stokely Carmichael PBS NewsHour - 1 hour ago Kylie Jenner Wears Cut-Out Bikini At Versace Mansion Huffington Post - Mar 12, 2014 How to survive on Mars CNN International - 12 hours ago The Rise of Anti-Capitalism New York Times - Mar 15, 2014 Artist Wants To Map Every Single Human Skin Tone On Earth Co.Design - Mar 14, 2014 What Does It Really Mean When Politicians and Pundits Cry “Nazi”? Vanity Fair - 4 hours ago Obama seeks to stay neutral in CIA-Senate spat PBS NewsHour - Mar 15, 2014 Sleepers and Busts: The Outfielders Yahoo Sports (blog) - Mar 16, 2014 On the Wrong Side of Globalization New York Times (blog) - Mar 15, 2014 Most popular Lost Jet\u0027s Path Seen as Altered via Computer New York Times - 9 minutes ago L\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s notable red carpet looks for Nicole Kidman, other stars Los Angeles Times - 12 minutes ago Putin recognizes Crimean independence Boston.com - 4 hours ago TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10-year sentence San Francisco Chronicle - 10 minutes ago How An LA Times Reporter Got An Algorithm To Write Articles For Him San Francisco Chronicle - 22 minutes ago Major discovery bolsters Big Bang theory of universe DAWN.com - 25 minutes ago Video: GM CEO Mary Barra offers update on recalls USA TODAY - 19 minutes ago Call over saturated fats guidance Belfast Telegraph - 1 hour ago Russia dismisses sanctions, gambles energy needs will weaken EU resolve The Globe and Mail - 10 minutes ago Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay arrested for DUI as friends reveal drug addiction Daily Mail - 14 minutes agoNational PostSee realtime coverage Yen nurses losses, euro edges up as Ukraine anxiety ebbs for now Reuters  - ?34 minutes ago? TOKYO (Reuters) - The safe-haven yen stayed below a recent peak against the dollar and the euro stood firm on Tuesday as anxiety over the Ukraine crisis ebbed for the time being. Related Crimea » Russia » Ukraine » Crimea\u0027s vote: Was it legal?CNN Merkel proposes more Ukraine observers to PutinWashington Post From Russia:EU has published a list of 21 sanctioned Russian and Crimean officialsITAR-TASS Opinion:Ron Paul: Crimea secedes. So what?USA TODAY In Depth:Putin recognises Crimea as sovereign state, despite sanctionsABC Online Wikipedia:2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine See all 6,836 sources » Related Crimea » Russia » Ukraine » NBC Bay Area6 hours ago  -  Google+ CRIMEAN CRISIS: Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Monday recognizing Ukraine\u0027s Crimea region as a sovereign state, one day after a referendum on Crimea\u0027s future yielded a res…ult overwhelmingly in favor of leaving Ukraine to join Russia. http://trib.al/EEyALOd [Photo: Getty Images] 2063-37512fc1be05b10f6a8b93d88e7d1e95.jpg Boston Herald Boston Herald US announces sanctions against Russian officials ABC News ABC News Obama Announces Sanctions to Punish Russia For Crimea Invasion Kansas City Star Kansas City Star U.S. targets 11 in first response to Crimea vote as Russia recognizes region\u0027s ... Washington Post Washington Post US rejects Crimea vote, cites Russian intimidation San Francisco Chronicle San Francisco Chronicle East vs West Ukraine conflict not a new Cold War Washington Post (blog) Washington Post (blog) Vladimir Putin, economist? The Courier The Courier EU to consider Russia sanctions Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Final Crimea count: 97 percent back Russia KSPR KSPR West hits back at Russians over Crimea New York Daily News New York Daily News Crimea residents vote to secede from Ukraine in referendum US lawmakers call ... Getty Images Getty Images Obama Delivers Statement On The Ukraine At The White House WJXT Jacksonville WJXT Jacksonville Ukraine \u0027will never accept\u0027 Crimea annexation Kansas City Star Kansas City Star EU mulling next steps against Russia over Ukraine Politico Politico US rejects Crimea vote as invalid Edmonton Journal Edmonton Journal Harper ups sanctions against Russia, talks with Ukrainian ambassador Canada.com Canada.com While Russia moves on Ukraine, much of western intelligentsia blames the victims BBC News BBC News Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin recognises Crimea as nation Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Russia Moves Closer to Absorbing Crimea, Despite Sanctions The State The State Crimeans vote to leave Ukraine, join Russia Washington Post Washington Post EU sanctions officials linked to Ukraine unrestReuters  - ?34 minutes ago?Boston Herald Boston Herald US announces sanctions against Russian officials ABC News ABC News Obama Announces Sanctions to Punish Russia For Crimea Invasion Kansas City Star Kansas City Star U.S. targets 11 in first response to Crimea vote as Russia recognizes region\u0027s ... Washington Post Washington Post US rejects Crimea vote, cites Russian intimidation San Francisco Chronicle San Francisco Chronicle East vs West Ukraine conflict not a new Cold War Washington Post (blog) Washington Post (blog) Vladimir Putin, economist? The Courier The Courier EU to consider Russia sanctions Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Final Crimea count: 97 percent back Russia KSPR KSPR West hits back at Russians over Crimea New York Daily News New York Daily News Crimea residents vote to secede from Ukraine in referendum US lawmakers call ... Getty Images Getty Images Obama Delivers Statement On The Ukraine At The White House WJXT Jacksonville WJXT Jacksonville Ukraine \u0027will never accept\u0027 Crimea annexation Kansas City Star Kansas City Star EU mulling next steps against Russia over Ukraine Politico Politico US rejects Crimea vote as invalid Edmonton Journal Edmonton Journal Harper ups sanctions against Russia, talks with Ukrainian ambassador Canada.com Canada.com While Russia moves on Ukraine, much of western intelligentsia blames the victims BBC News BBC News Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin recognises Crimea as nation Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Russia Moves Closer to Absorbing Crimea, Despite Sanctions The State The State Crimeans vote to leave Ukraine, join Russia Washington Post Washington Post EU sanctions officials linked to Ukraine unrestBoston Herald Boston Herald US announces sanctions against Russian officials ABC News ABC News Obama Announces Sanctions to Punish Russia For Crimea Invasion Kansas City Star Kansas City Star U.S. targets 11 in first response to Crimea vote as Russia recognizes region\u0027s ... Washington Post Washington Post US rejects Crimea vote, cites Russian intimidation San Francisco Chronicle San Francisco Chronicle East vs West Ukraine conflict not a new Cold War Washington Post (blog) Washington Post (blog) Vladimir Putin, economist? The Courier The Courier EU to consider Russia sanctions Kansas City Star Kansas City Star Final Crimea count: 97 percent back Russia KSPR KSPR West hits back at Russians over Crimea New York Daily News New York Daily News Crimea residents vote to secede from Ukraine in referendum US lawmakers call ... Getty Images Getty Images Obama Delivers Statement On The Ukraine At The White House WJXT Jacksonville WJXT Jacksonville Ukraine \u0027will never accept\u0027 Crimea annexation Kansas City Star Kansas City Star EU mulling next steps against Russia over Ukraine Politico Politico US rejects Crimea vote as invalid Edmonton Journal Edmonton Journal Harper ups sanctions against Russia, talks with Ukrainian ambassador Canada.com Canada.com While Russia moves on Ukraine, much of western intelligentsia blames the victims BBC News BBC News Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin recognises Crimea as nation Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal Russia Moves Closer to Absorbing Crimea, Despite Sanctions The State The State Crimeans vote to leave Ukraine, join Russia Washington Post Washington Post EU sanctions officials linked to Ukraine unrestE! OnlineSee realtime coverage Is your home earthquake-ready? How to prepare for the big one Los Angeles Times  - ?38 minutes ago? It\u0027s been so long since Los Angeles suffered a major earthquake -- the magnitude 6.7 Northridge quake was 20 years ago in January -- that it\u0027s been easy to put disaster preparedness on a back burner. Related Earthquakes » Los Angeles » News Reporters React to Earthquake in L.A.New Jersey 101.5 FM Radio Los Angeles earthquake a prelude to something bigger? (+video)Christian Science Monitor In Depth:Video: TV anchors duck for cover when earthquake strikesHouston Chronicle See all 740 sources » Related Earthquakes » Los Angeles » RT5 hours ago  -  Google+ A 4.4 magnitude earthquake rocked Los Angeles, California, Monday morning, strong enough to drive two news anchors in the area into hiding under their desks during a live broadcast. News anchors hide under studio desk as earthquake hits LA (VIDEO)Los Angeles Times  - ?38 minutes ago?National PostSee realtime coverage Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Where the search stands now CBS News  - ?44 minutes ago? As the search continues for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, more than a week after the flight and all 239 people on board disappeared, CBS News rounds up the latest on where the situation stands now. Related Malaysia Airlines » Malaysia » Pilots, passengers under scrutinyKRDO Questions Over Absence of Cellphone Calls From Missing Flight\u0027s PassengersNew York Times - by Keith Bradsher Featured:Malaysian jet mystery: Missing plane probe spotlights cockpit crewgulfnews.com In Depth:Malaysian airplane investigators look at suicide as possible motiveReuters India Live Updating:Malaysia Airlines Missing Plane: Police Probe Focuses On Flight Engineer ...Huffington Post Wikipedia:Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 See all 9,233 sources » Related Malaysia Airlines » Malaysia » NDTV45 minutes ago  -  Google+ Missing Malaysia Airlines plane\u0027s path seen as altered via flight computer http://ndtv.in/1gApnRL The first turn that diverted the missing plane from its route was entered into a computer system, most likely by someon…e in the plane\u0027s cockpit, American officials said. Malaysia_Airlines_search_NYT.jpgCBS News  - ?44 minutes ago?Reality RewindSee realtime coverage Dancing with the Stars Premiere: How Did Meryl Davis Fare Against Charlie ... People Magazine  - ?20 minutes ago? Another season of Dancing with the Stars kicked off on Monday night, with no shortage of fancy footwork to hit the ballroom. Although the night consisted of many highs from a number of talented contestants, it was Olympic gold medalist ice skating ... Related Dancing with the Stars » Dancing With the Stars Season 18 Premiere Recap: Who Dazzled? Who Fell ...Us Magazine - by Allison Takeda \u0027Dancing with the Stars\u0027 2014 premiere: Switchin\u0027 it upThe Star-Ledger In Depth:\u0027Dancing\u0027 kicks off with sass, sizzleUSA TODAY - by Ann Oldenburg Live Updating:LIVE UPDATES: \u0027Dancing with the Stars\u0027 Season 18 PremiereABC News (blog) See all 202 sources » Related Dancing with the Stars »People Magazine  - ?20 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage Bruins extend streak to nine, tame Wild USA TODAY  - ?36 minutes ago? BOSTON (AP) - Jarome Iginla scored two goals, Tuukka Rask stopped 33 shots, and the Eastern Conference-leading Boston Bruins extended their winning streak to nine games with a 4-1 win over the Minnesota Wild on Monday night. Related Boston Bruins » Minnesota Wild » Boston » Bruins win 9th straightBoston Herald Bruins ease past Wild, run win streak to nineChicago Tribune In Depth:Justin Fontaine returns against the Bruins; Mike Yeo chats with Dany Heatley ...Minneapolis Star Tribune (blog) Live Updating:Bruins-Wild Live: Jarome Iginla\u0027s Two Goals Help B\u0027s Extend Winning Streak To ...NESN.com See all 62 sources » Related Boston Bruins » Minnesota Wild » Boston »USA TODAY  - ?36 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage TV pitchman Trudeu finds he can\u0027t talk his way out of prison term Chicago Sun-Times  - ?1 hour ago? It\u0027s difficult to pinpoint exactly what it is about infomercial pitchman Kevin Trudeau that makes him so easy to hate on. Is it his outright disrespect for the law and for the federal judges trying to enforce it? Related Kevin Trudeau » TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10-year sentenceBellingham Herald TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10 years in prison for false diet book claimsUPI.com Wikipedia:Kevin Trudeau See all 122 sources » Related Kevin Trudeau » Chicago Tribune5 hours ago  -  Google+ Chicago-based TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau was sentenced to 10 years in prison today for repeatedly defying court orders to pay a whopping $37 million fine over his fraudulent infomercials. TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau sentenced to 10 years in prisonChicago Sun-Times  - ?1 hour ago?HaaretzSee realtime coverage Abbas refuses to recognize Israel as a \u0027Jewish state\u0027 The Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago? It was an impatient U.S. President Barack Obama, undoubtedly preoccupied with the crisis in Crimea, who prodded Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas Monday to accept a U.S. Related Mahmoud Abbas » Israel » Palestinian people » Obama urges hard work for Mideast peaceWashington Post Jewish State Declaration Is Unyielding Block to a DealNew York Times From Israel:Internal rift rattles Abbas\u0027 Fatah (yet again)Haaretz Opinion:Israel, Abbas face 5 realities on peaceCNN International In Depth:Obama Says Path to Mideast Peace ChallengingTIME See all 917 sources » Related Mahmoud Abbas » Israel » Palestinian people » Michael Schobel10 hours ago  -  Google+ #palestine #israel . (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday \"to make the tough decisions that will be necessary\" before an April 29 deadlin…e for a peace deal with Israel, a U.S. official said. Kerry urges Abbas to make \u0027tough decisions\u0027 on peaceThe Globe and Mail  - ?29 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage China Snubs UN\u0027s North Korea Report New York Times  - ?41 minutes ago? China on Monday dismissed a United Nations report accusing North Korea of committing crimes against humanity. The report, published in February, accused North Korea of mass killings and torture and said its officials should be tried in the International ... Related North Korea » United Nations » UN Rights Envoy Urges Action Against N.KoreaThe Chosun Ilbo North Korea is as bad as the Nazis, says UN - but China tells it to mind its own ...Daily Mail In Depth:Tom Miles and Stephanie NebehaySydney Morning Herald See all 195 sources » Related North Korea » United Nations » Hannah K27 minutes ago  -  Google+ When there were kidnapping incidents by North Korean Government, Japanese mainstream media and politicians completely ignored and they clearly stated that the case was false.? I am sorry to say this …but I saw a TV at a lounge yesterday with Mr. and Mrs. Yokota whose daughter was kidnapped at the age of 13 by a spy from North Korea. I really want Japanese mainstream media, all of them, IGNORED THE CASE AND LAUGHED THAT THE INCIDENT WAS A LIE.  ...New York Times  - ?41 minutes ago?swissinfo.chSee realtime coverage Government Sends Soldiers To a Protest Site in Caracas New York Times  - ?31 minutes ago? Venezuelan National Guard soldiers on guard at a metro station at Altamira square in Caracas on Monday. Credit Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters. Related Venezuela » Caracas » Venezuela unrest toll rises as soldier is shot in headReuters Soldiers storm protesters in Caracas campThe Times (subscription) In Depth:Venezuelan Security Forces Take Over Altamira PlazaWall Street Journal See all 101 sources » Related Venezuela » Caracas » Michael Schobel9 hours ago  -  Google+ #venezuela . (Reuters) - Venezuelan troops stormed a Caracas square on Sunday to evict protesters who turned it into a stronghold during six weeks of demonstrations against President Nicolas Maduro. Soldiers storm Venezuelan protesters\u0027 strongholdNew York Times  - ?31 minutes ago?Montreal GazetteSee realtime coverage Deterioration in US-Russian Relations May Disrupt Coming Talks With Iran New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? PARIS - Tensions between the West and Russia over events in Ukraine have cast a shadow over the second round of talks set to begin on Tuesday in Vienna on a permanent nuclear agreement with Iran. Related Iran » Tehran » Iran says uranium enrichment main topic of fresh nuclear talksXinhua Iran Nuclear Talks Resume in Vienna Overshadowed by Crimea VoteBusinessweek From Iran:China vows to push forward Iran nuclear talksTehran Times In Depth:Iran Talks Resume Amid Ukraine CrisisWall Street Journal See all 149 sources » Related Iran » Tehran » I SUPPORT ISRAEL3 hours ago  -  Google+ Uncanny timing for the Ayatollah to speak about plans for Western leaders.... as talks convene on Iran`s nuclear program. Ayatollah Kashani believes,  as most Islamic extremists,  that the \"Mahd…i\" will be the key.  The \"Mahdi\" is the last Iman to return at end times.  The Islamic extremists, including the Ayaltollah Khamenei, President Rouhani, and Foreign Minister Zarif, have been closely involved with Iran`s religious ideol... Ayatollah: Islamic Messiah \u0027Will Behead Western Leaders\u0027 | #1 News Site on...New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?NY1See realtime coverage NY Senate rejects immigrant student \u0027Dream Act\u0027 Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?33 minutes ago? ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - The New York Senate rejected a bill Monday that would open up state tuition assistance to students in the country illegally, dashing long-held hopes of immigration advocates and prompting finger-pointing among rival Democrats. Related United States Senate » New York State Senate » Democratic Party » New York Senate rejects DREAM ActThe Journal News | LoHud.com State Senate Rejects Bill Granting Tuition Aid to Illegal ImmigrantsNew York Times Highly Cited:Senate fights over DREAM Act failureRochester Democrat and Chronicle In Depth:State Senate votes down bill for college financial aid to children of illegal ...Buffalo News See all 66 sources » Related United States Senate » New York State Senate » Democratic Party »Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?33 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Opposing Testimony Caps Trial of General New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Sinclair leaving the courthouse in Fort Bragg, N.C., on Monday. Credit Davis Turner/Getty Images. Continue reading the main story. Related Sexual assault » 10 Things to Know for TuesdayAnchorage Daily News Sexual assault charges dropped against generalPublish Date: Mar 18, 2014New Vision Featured:Can military try sexual assault cases? Critics decry general\u0027s plea deal.Christian Science Monitor Opinion:Military sex assault charges dwindle awaySan Francisco Chronicle In Depth:Sinclair\u0027s accuser testifies, \u0027I was just being used for sex\u0027Los Angeles Times See all 647 sources » Related Sexual assault »New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage 3rd person dies from South By Southwest crash Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? AUSTIN, Texas - A third person struck by a suspected drunken driver in Austin last week during the South By Southwest festival died Monday, police and family said. Related South by Southwest » Austin » Third person dies from South by Southwest crash in Texas capitalReuters Austin B-Cycle sets record at SXSWKVUE In Depth:SXSW 2014: Catch these 8 hot festivals bands in Bay AreaSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:South by Southwest See all 427 sources » Related South by Southwest » Austin » Geeks are Sexy5 hours ago  -  Google+ The recent 2014 SXSW (South by Southwest) Festival in Austin, Texas featured a Game of Thrones exhibit. Within that exhibit, however, was a virtual reality simulator called Oculus Rift. Actress Maisie… Williams (‘Arya Stark’) was one of the GoT actors… \u0027Game of Thrones\u0027 Actors Try Out Oculus Rift at SXSW [Video]Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Without Mayor de Blasio, St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Marches On Wall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago? The wail of bagpipes, the pounding of drums and the sea of shamrocks were all present Monday to celebrate the annual St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade on Fifth Avenue, but for the first time in a generation there was a glaring break in tradition. Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » Saint Patrick » Guinness drops parade sponsorship over gay rightsTelegraph.co.uk EDIT: More colors on St. Patrick\u0027s DayDaily Free Press (subscription) Opinion:Seven busted following St. Patrick\u0027s Day paradeBoston Herald In Depth:Why beer brands side with gay community, not St. Patrick\u0027s paradesChristian Science Monitor - by Karis Hustad See all 756 sources » Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » Saint Patrick » Yahoo News5 hours ago  -  Google+ PHOTOS : A laborer works at an upside-down house under construction at Fengjing Ancient Town, south of Shanghai, a man smears the face of a woman with colors during celebrations marking Holi, the Hind…u festival of colors, in Mumbai, India and U.S. Army specialist Fennessy hugs an Irish Wolfhound named \"Trixie\" during a break in the march up Fifth Ave. during the St. Patricks Day Parade are some of the photos of the day. http://yhoo.it/1cSlyYP #potd #photography #photos 2921-dee97224ccc1a6a8cc14add2ffef6008.jpgWall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago?NPRSee realtime coverage GM recalling 1.5 million vehicles KPLC-TV  - ?6 minutes ago? The biggest recall involves 1.2 million of GM\u0027s popular crossover SUV models because of a problem that could result in the side airbags not deploying. Related General Motors » GM responds to safety scandal by recalling 1.5 million more vehiclesLos Angeles Times GM announces three more recallsWWLP 22News In Depth:Something Went \u0027Very Wrong\u0027 at GM, Chief SaysNew York Times See all 408 sources » Related General Motors » NBC News10 hours ago  -  Google+ GM recalls 1.5 million more vehicles General Motors will take a $300 million charge primarily to cover the costs related to the faulty ignition switches linked to at least 12 deaths. Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1g2YbN1 Pho…to: Stan Honda / AFP/Getty Images 140317-gm-hq-12p_14c0592155a436d38cfcb7f131570073.nbcnews-fp-480-320.jpgKPLC-TV  - ?6 minutes ago?euronewsSee realtime coverage Sony Said Cutting Entertainment Jobs on Hirai\u0027s Profit Pledge Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago? Signage is displayed outside of the Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. Studios building in Culver City, California, U.S. Photographer: Jonathan Alcorn/Bloomberg. Related Sony Pictures Entertainment » Reports: Sony Commences Job Cuts At Entertainment DivisionRTT News Sony Pictures to announce lay-offs across division: sourceThe Star Online See all 23 sources » Related Sony Pictures Entertainment »Businessweek  - ?1 hour ago?Economic TimesSee realtime coverage Stocks jump as worries over Crimea vote fade Houston Chronicle  - ?5 hours ago? Trader Patrick McKeon, and Glenn Kessler, foreground left and right, work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Monday, March 17, 2014. Related United States of America » Stocks soar as output surgesBoston.com Stocks surge as Crimea worries fade, factories reboundNewsday See all 248 sources » Related United States of America »Houston Chronicle  - ?5 hours ago?KRDOSee realtime coverage Hacker crashes Google Play -- twice WSBT-TV  - ?5 hours ago? New Android apps and updates were blocked from appearing in Google\u0027s Play Store on Monday, after a hacker attacked Google\u0027s app publishing system. Related Google » Android And iOS Gamers Will Soon Be Able To Play With Each OtherReadWrite - by Dan Rowinski Google Play Games adding gifts, new categories, and multiplayer to Android and ...Mobile Burn See all 113 sources » Related Google » G+GoTo Gal10 hours ago  -  Google+ Google Play Games gets gifts, multiplayer invites, cross-platform Android and iOS multiplayer support Google is boosting its Game platform and adding gifts, leader boards and.... you can even invite… Iphone users to play with you! And as always - the underlying layer is your circles . Read more here: http://goo.gl/dfSI3x --------- #googleplay   #googlegames   #gamefication   Google game gifts.pngWSBT-TV  - ?5 hours ago?Auto World NewsSee realtime coverage Microsoft Launching Surface 2 with LTE on AT\u0026T Tuesday Redmond Channel Partner  - ?8 hours ago? A version of Microsoft\u0027s consumer-focused Surface 2 tablet with mobile broadband support will become available on AT\u0026T\u0027s 4G network on March 18, Microsoft announced Monday. Microsoft Surface 2 4G LTE tablet lands at AT\u0026TCNET - by Xiomara Blanco See all 89 sources » Related: Microsoft Corporation » Microsoft Surface » Tablet computers » SlashGear11 hours ago  -  Google+ A new version of Microsoft’s Surface 2 tablet, this time packing integrated LTE connectivity for getting online while on the move, will go on sale from March 18th. The Windows RT slate will use AT\u0026…;T’s 4G network and be priced at $679 for the 64GB version,… Surface 2 LTE finally adds 4G to Windows tabletRedmond Channel Partner  - ?8 hours ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage L\u0027Wren Scott dead: Fashion world shocked by designer\u0027s apparent suicide New York Daily News  - ?25 minutes ago? The fashion world was shocked and heartbroken Monday after learning of designer L\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s tragic death. Editors, models, fellow designers and the celebrities who wore Scott\u0027s gowns on the red carpet were horrified after an assistant found the ... Related L\u0027Wren Scott » Mick Jagger » L\u0027Wren Scott\u0027s notable red carpet looks for Nicole Kidman, other starsLos Angeles Times - by Booth Moore Some of Mick Jagger\u0027s past wives and girlfriendsWashington Post In Depth:Fashion\u0027s L\u0027Wren Scott found dead in NYC in apparent suicideReuters See all 1,140 sources » Related L\u0027Wren Scott » Mick Jagger » NBC News9 hours ago  -  Google+ Mick Jagger\u0027s girlfriend, the fashion designer L\u0027Wren Scott, has been found dead in Manhattan of an apparent suicide, according to law enforcement sources. http://nbcnews.to/OoYXbA 10013007_784066108280088_1076452314_n.jpgNew York Daily News  - ?25 minutes ago?MetroSee realtime coverage Did Courtney Love Find Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370? MTV.com  - ?2 hours ago? Call off the dogs: Courtney Love has a lead on that missing Malaysian Airlines plane. Nine days after flight MH370 went missing, the Hole frontwoman took to Facebook to share her theory, pointing to an ocean-view photo and claiming, \"I\u0027m no expert, but up ... Related Courtney Love » Malaysia Airlines » Did Courtney Love find the missing Malaysian plane?kfor.com Courtney Love claims to have found missing planeSan Francisco Chronicle (blog) Highly Cited:Courtney Love Is \u0027Obsessed\u0027 With Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370New York Magazine See all 52 sources » Related Courtney Love » Malaysia Airlines » Fox 8 News Cleveland28 minutes ago  -  Google+ Singer, actress, now investigator? Did Courtney Love just crack the case of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight? http://link.fox8.com/1gHJutO Did Courtney Love Just Crack the Case of the Missing Flight?MTV.com  - ?2 hours ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Chris Brown Ordered to Stay in Jail Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago? Chris Brown has been ordered to stay in jail for at least a month, TMZ.com reports. Brown appeared in court on Monday after being sent to jail for getting kicked out of his court-mandated rehab. Related Chris Brown » Chris Brown: Judge \u0027troubled\u0027 by alleged gun, knife threat at rehabLos Angeles Times - by richard winton Chris Brown to Stay in Jail Until April for Violating Rehab RulesAceShowbiz Highly Cited:Chris Brown -- Jailed For a Month ... He Can\u0027t Stay Out of TroubleTMZ.com In Depth:Chris Brown: Kicked Out of Rehab For Touching Women, Refusing Drug Test ...The Hollywood Gossip See all 381 sources » Related Chris Brown » Rod J.2 hours ago  -  Google+ Chris Brown will spend another month in jail after a judge said Monday he was told the singer made troubling comments in ... http://cdn.localwireless.com/wap/news Judge orders Chris Brown to remain in jailSeattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Kanye West Pleads No Contest, Sentenced to Anger Management Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago? On Monday, Kanye West pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery after attacking a photographer at Los Angeles Airport last year, People reports. Related Kanye West » Kanye West gets 2-year probation after pleading no contest in paparazzo attackReality TV World Kanye West placed on probation over scuffle with photographerReuters See all 160 sources » Related Kanye West »Seattle Post Intelligencer  - ?56 minutes ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Rockets end skid with 124-86 blowout over Jazz San Francisco Chronicle  - ?8 minutes ago? HOUSTON (AP) - Terrence Jones scored 30 points and the Houston Rockets ended a three-game skid with their most lopsided victory of the season, a 124-86 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. Related Houston Rockets » Utah Jazz » Dwight Howard » Recap: Houston vs. UtahMiamiHerald.com Utah Jazz: Rockets trounce Jazz 124-86Salt Lake Tribune Featured:Jazz basketball: Terrence Jones and the red-hot Rockets rout Utah 124-86Deseret News In Depth:Ten Before Tip: NBA news from MondayNBA.com See all 61 sources » Related Houston Rockets » Utah Jazz » Dwight Howard » Utah Jazz3 hours ago  -  Google+ LET\u0027S GO JAZZ!!! Jazz vs. Rockets coming up at 6 p.m. MT. Dwight Howard (ankle) is out for Houston. Watch on ROOT Sports (Comcast 693, DIRECTV 684.1, DISH 440). Broadcast Info: http://utahjazz.com/broadcastSan Francisco Chronicle  - ?8 minutes ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Kravitz: Jim Irsay is fighting for his life, he needs help USA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago? In a twisted way, Jim Irsay\u0027s friends have been praying for this day. They\u0027ve been praying for the day when he\u0027d reach rock bottom and be forced to come to terms with a drug problem that he\u0027s battled for some time. Related Jim Irsay » Indianapolis Colts » NFL: Colts owner Irsay faces four felony countsSan Jose Mercury News After Traffic Stop, Colts\u0027 Owner May Face Felony Drug ChargesNew York Times In Depth:Colts owner Jim Irsay likely won\u0027t face jail time if found guilty, legal experts sayIndianapolis Star Wikipedia:Jim Irsay See all 522 sources » Related Jim Irsay » Indianapolis Colts » RantSports9 hours ago  -  Google+ Colts\u0027 owner Jim Irsay earned himself a OWI over the weekend. Should Indianapolis be considered for getting the Super Bowl in 2018, due to this incident? http://www.rantsports.com/nfl/2014/03/17/indianapolis-colts-what-jim-irsays-owi-means-to-the-team/ http://static.ow.ly/photos/normal/4VCOA.jpgUSA TODAY  - ?41 minutes ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Teddy Bridgewater draws a crowd to his pro day at Louisville The Seattle Times  - ?57 minutes ago? Former Louisville quarterback Teddy Bridgewater gave NFL teams a glimpse of the skills he believes will make him a first-round draft choice this year. Related Teddy Bridgewater » National Football League » Bridgewater\u0027s underwhelming performance raises questionsUSA TODAY Reviews mixed on gloveless Teddy Bridgewater at pro dayThe Courier-Journal - by Jeff Greer In Depth:Cleveland Browns\u0027 Mike Pettine, Kyle Shanahan and QB coach Dowell Loggains ...The Plain Dealer See all 168 sources » Related Teddy Bridgewater » National Football League » Brian Smith8 hours ago  -  Google+ Teddy Bridgewater declined to throw and run at the NFL scouting combine, opting to showcase his skills to league personnel in a controlled environment during Louisville’s pro day. The decision may hav…e backfired for Bridgewater. The potential No. 1 overall pick of the 2014 draft was less accurate than expected, several of his throws were clearly off target and his ball often fluttered on short- and long-yardage attempts, despite throwing indoors.... Teddy Bridgewater off target at Louisville\u0027s pro dayThe Seattle Times  - ?57 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage Josh Hamilton returns from calf injury ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? TEMPE, Ariz. -- Josh Hamilton returned for Los Angeles, and Kole Calhoun\u0027s big swing lifted the Angels to the spring win. Not a bad day at all for Mike Scioscia\u0027s club. Related Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim » San Francisco Giants » Josh Hamilton passes tests in Angels\u0027 exhibition gameLos Angeles Times Scutaro makes it look easyMiamiHerald.com In Depth:Hamilton back in the swing for AngelsOCRegister See all 86 sources » Related Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim » San Francisco Giants »ESPN  - ?1 hour ago?San Francisco ChronicleSee realtime coverage Durant Leads Thunder Past Bulls 97-85 ABC News  - ?3 minutes ago? Kevin Durant finished with 35 points and 12 rebounds, and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Chicago Bulls 97-85 on Monday night. Russell Westbrook added 17 points after sitting out the previous day to rest his surgically repaired knee, and the Thunder ... Related Oklahoma City Thunder » Oklahoma City Thunder: Time to just hold the fortNewsOK.com - by Berry Tramel Bulls feeling good about themselves against Thundernwitimes.com See all 310 sources » Related Oklahoma City Thunder »ABC News  - ?3 minutes ago?NDTVSee realtime coverage Think your moss is tough to kill? This one\u0027s alive after 1500 frozen years Q13 FOX  - ?14 minutes ago? Researchers drill into the moss banks of Signy Island, part of a group of remote islands off the Antarctic Peninsula. (Peter Boelen via Los Angeles Times). Related Antarctica » Is there life on moss?Irish Independent Frozen Antarctic moss brought back to life after 1500 yearsBBC News In Depth:A Growth Spurt at 1500 Years OldNew York Times - by Carl Zimmer See all 100 sources » Related Antarctica » Before It\u0027s News5 hours ago  -  Google+ Frozen In Ice For 1,500 Years, Moss Brought Back To Life http://b4in.org/b0wE Moss brought back to life after 1,500 years frozen in ice Researchers from the British Antarctic Survey and Reading University have demonstr…ated that, after over 1,500 years frozen in Antarctic ice, moss can come back to life and continue to grow. For the first time, this vital part of the ecosystem in both polar regions has been shown to have the ability to survive century to millennial... frozenmoss.jpgQ13 FOX  - ?14 minutes ago?Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage A new look at the Big Bang, moments later Boston Globe  - ?55 minutes ago? CAMBRIDGE -- After days of rumors and anticipation, a team led by a Harvard astronomer announced Monday it had detected a pattern in the distant cosmos that reveals what happened in the first moments of the Big Bang 13.8 billion years ago: a ... Related Big Bang » Scientists detect ripples of Big Bang in deep spaceIrish Independent Gravity waves and the Big Bang theorymyfoxny.com Featured:A New Cosmic Discovery Could Be The Closest We\u0027ve Come to the Beginning of ...Smithsonian - by Joseph Stromberg Opinion:Cosmic Inflation Theory Confirmed? Q\u0026A with Robert Wilson, Co-Discoverer of ...Space.com In Depth:Big bang waves: direct evidence of universe\u0027s extraordinary expansionChristian Science Monitor - by Peter Spotts Wikipedia:Inflation See all 452 sources » Related Big Bang » StarTalk Radio11 hours ago  -  Google+ Gravity Waves from Big Bang Detected From Scientific American: Physicists have found a long-predicted twist in light from the Big Bang that represents the first image of ripples in the universe call…ed gravitational waves, researchers announced today. The finding is direct proof of the theory of inflation, the idea that the universe expanded extremely quickly in the first fraction of a second after it was born. What’s more, the signal is coming ... Gravity Waves from Big Bang DetectedBoston Globe  - ?55 minutes ago?NPRSee realtime coverage Saturated fat alone doesn\u0027t predict heart disease risk CBC.ca  - ?2 hours ago? There\u0027s no clear evidence supporting decades-old dietary guidelines to cut our saturated fat intake to promote heart health, a new review concludes. Related Cardiovascular disease » Omega-3 fatty acids » Saturated fat may not be the bad guy of heart healthTech Times Foods rich in omega-3 may not help the heart, analysis findsChicago Tribune Highly Cited:Study Questions Fat and Heart Disease LinkNew York Times (blog) See all 49 sources » Related Cardiovascular disease » Omega-3 fatty acids » Jimmy Moore7 hours ago  -  Google+ Will The Popularity Of LCHF Trigger A New Epidemic of Heart Disease?: http://www.docsopinion.com/2014/03/17/will-the-popularity-of-lchf-trigger-new-epidemic-of-heart-disease Since low-carb is anti-inflammatory, I sincerely doubt it could be the culprit in a hypothetical rise of cardiovascular disease …in the years to come if a low-carb high-fat diet caught on. Fat, especially saturated fat, is arguably one of the healthiest substances you could possible consume because it is so benign regarding any disease. Carbohydrates, on the other hand, have b... Will the Popularity of LCHF Trigger a New Epidemic of Heart Disease?CBC.ca  - ?2 hours ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Study to test \u0027chocolate\u0027 pills for heart health Boston.com  - ?40 minutes ago? File - This Thursday, Nov. 24, 2005 file photo shows organic cocoa beans The Associated Press File - This Thursday, Nov. 24, 2005 file photo shows organic cocoa beans in storage at a factory in Ocumare de la Costa, 100 kilometers (60 miles) west of ... Related Chocolate » Chocolate good for the heart?Investor\u0027s Business Daily \"Chocolate\" Pill Studied for Heart Attack, Stroke PreventionWBAY In Depth:Study To Test \u0027Chocolate Pills\u0027 For Heart HealthHuffington Post See all 222 sources » Related Chocolate » US News \u0026 World Report7 hours ago  -  Google+ Researchers will study the impact of supplements containing the nutrients found in dark chocolate on subjects’ risk of heart attack and stroke. http://ow.ly/uGcsw Chocolate Pills Tested as Heart Health Fix - US NewsBoston.com  - ?40 minutes ago?WorldU.S.BusinessTechnologyEntertainmentSportsScienceHealthSettings | Reset | HelpToday 50° 39° Tue 52° 45° Wed 50° 41° Thu 54° 37°Today YesterdayNHLPHO 2 0 4:05 1P LAMIN 1-4 Final BOSVAN 3-4 Final TBWPG 1-3 Final STLNBALAC 25 23 0:00 1Q DENATL 97-83 Final CHAPHI 90-99 Final INDPHO 95-108 Final BKNOKC 97-85 Final CHIUTA 86-124 Final HOUBOS 89-94 Final DALNHLPHI 4-3 Final PITTOR 2-4 Final WASEDM 2-1 Final CARVAN 4-3 Final FLASJ 1-0 Final NYRCOL 3-1 Final OTTMON 2-0 Final BUFDET 1-4 Final CHIDAL 2-7 Final WPGMLSCHI 1-1 Final PORVAN 1-1 Final CHVNBACHA 101-92 Final MILPHO 121-113 Final TORHOU 104-113 Final MIABOS 120-121 Final NODAL 109-86 Final OKCUTA 104-122 Final SASAC 102-104 Final MINGS 113-112 Final PORCLE 80-102 Final LAC -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":18,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":21,"second":27},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
