{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"RecentNurse Kaci Hickox Doesn\u0027t Intend to Obey Maine Ebola Quarantine: ReportConnecticut Tries to Find Middle Path on EbolaFacebook To Spend Billions On FutureGreater Pittsburgh »No. 24 Duke keeping focus on Pitt, ACC raceWVU students will tell history of Brooke Glass FactoryOne fugitive left from federal heroin, cocaine bustEditors\u0027 PicksFortress Israel: Can people make peace when they don’t talk?To spank or not to spank: Corporal punishment in the USThe rise of \u0027redneck TV\u0027Fracking in the US: The story of one man\u0027s oil wellHow much do you know about the Islamic State?Spotlight »How third-party candidates could disrupt Election Day outcomesFox News Hosts Tell Young Women Not To Vote, Go Back To Tinder And Match ...The Great Kansas Tea Party DisasterLiving Wages, Rarity for US Fast-Food Workers, Served Up in DenmarkWoman pleads not guilty to rape of man in SeattleHow Colleges Let Sexual Predators Slip Away To Other SchoolsEbola and the Vast Viral UniverseWRINKLES IN SPACETIME: The Warped Astrophysics of InterstellarHow We Got Rolled by the Dishonest Fascists of GamergateGreek Letters at a PriceHow cocoa traders make money on the Ebola scareYearwood sings anthem; Staff Sgt. throws first pitchMost popularAntares rocket explodes on take-offNorth Korean Leader Was Sidelined by Foot Surgery, South SaysTomorrow Daily 076: Marvel\u0027s Phase 3 plans, holographic keyboard, and moreChris Christie \u0027not moving an inch\u0027 on Ebola policy\u0027House of Cards\u0027 Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61FTC sues AT\u0026T, saying customers misled over unlimited data plans10 Things to Know for Wednesday\u0027We Just Take It Day by Day\u0027: Unpredictability of Lava Frays Nerves in PahoaFor Democrats, Sarah Palin May be the Gift that Keeps on GivingNo leads emerge in man\u0027s disappearance during Broncos-Chargers game","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesUnmanned NASA-contracted rocket explodes; damage is \u0027significant\u0027Obama defends US Ebola guidelines, backs American volunteers in AfricaDHS increases security at federal buildings over terror concernsMississippi State, Florida State Top Playoff RankingsMark Zuckerberg Talks of Spending, and Facebook Stock DropsUS health care workers struggle for strategy against EbolaWorld »Iraqi Kurds Are Joining Fight to Drive Islamic State From KobaniSearch for student remains near dump in MexicoSouth Korea: Kim Jong Un had ankle surgery to remove cystU.S. »Santa Fe sheriff\u0027s deputy charged with fatally shooting partner after alcohol ...For Democrats, Sarah Palin May be the Gift that Keeps on GivingExcessive force? Utah ME\u0027s report on Darrien Hunt shooting echoes earlier ...Why the Robel Phillipos Verdict Could Be Bad for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev\u0027s DefenseBusiness »Asian shares gain on earnings optimism, dovish FedNew IG Report Reveals USPS Quietly Surveilling MUCH More Mail Than ...New Leader Will Drive Expansion of Citi BikeTechnology »MAGID ON TECH: You can\u0027t redefine \u0027unlimited,\u0027 FCC tells AT\u0026TGoogle working on pill that searches for illnessesApple Pay Runs Afoul of a RivalEntertainment »Marvel Phase 3 Will Have 9 Movies; \u0027Ant-Man\u0027 Concludes Phase 2Stage \u0026 Screen Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61What 10 hours of street harassment in NYC looks likeSports »Giants\u0027 World Series Game 6 historyEvery Spurs fan gets a championship ring opening nightReport: Hockey great Gordie Howe suffers strokeBailey calls it a career after 15 years in NFLBuccaneers trade safety Mark Barron to Rams for picksScience »Giant tortoises rally from near extinction on Galapagos islandPopulation Control Will Not Resolve Imperative Environmental Issues, Study ...\u0027We Just Take It Day by Day\u0027: Unpredictability of Lava Frays Nerves in PahoaHealth »Google Celebrates Creator of Polio VaccineSupportive care may help American Ebola patients surviveRecentGreater Pittsburgh »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 29 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 29 2013 2014 2015SEP OCT NOV292013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories New York TimesSee realtime coverage Unmanned NASA-contracted rocket explodes; damage is \u0027significant\u0027 CNN  - ?11 minutes ago? (CNN) -- An unmanned NASA-contracted rocket exploded early Tuesday evening along the eastern Virginia coast, causing a huge fireball but no apparent deaths. Related International Space Station » NASA » Orbital Sciences Corporation » Rocket Bound for Space Station ExplodesNew York Times Supply rocket headed to space station explodesSFGate Featured:What Was the Deal With That Boat Scuttling Last Night\u0027s Rocket Launch?Air \u0026 Space Magazine Trending on Google+:Nighttime Rocket Launch Will Be Visible from US East Coast MondaySpace.com In Depth:Rocket Explodes on Launch for Space Station Supply TripABC News Wikipedia:Antares See all 1,094 sources » Related International Space Station » NASA » Orbital Sciences Corporation » NASA5 hours ago  -  Google+ NASA Administrator Charles Bolden spoke with astronauts Barry Wilmore and Reid Wiseman aboard the International Space Station. Bolden: What can I do in the next couple of years to make life better fo…r you up there. Wiseman: For me it’s getting a US flag carrier to bring some folks up to the space station. And I think we’re headed in the right direction.  #LaunchAmerica USA TODAY USA TODAYRocket explodes during NASA Antares launch Rocket explodes during NASA Antares launch - USA TODAY CNN CNNMark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0026#39;risky business\u0026#39; Mark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0027risky business\u0027 - CNN Reuters ReutersNASA\u0026#39;s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV NASA\u0027s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV - Reuters Spaceflight Now Spaceflight Now Errant boat scrubs Antares launch from Virginia Reuters UK Reuters UK Orbital Sciences\u0027 unmanned rocket explodes on liftoff in Virginia -NASA ReutersSee realtime coverage Obama defends US Ebola guidelines, backs American volunteers in Africa Reuters  - ?31 minutes ago? ATLANTA/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As the second of two nurses infected while treating an Ebola patient left an Atlanta hospital, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said policies adopted in the United States should not discourage Americans willing to fight ... Related Ebola » Obama assails Ebola quarantines, saying they are based on fear, not factsWashington Post Obama: Ebola medics \u0027doing God\u0027s work\u0027The Hill Featured:Obama: Don\u0027t Discourage US Health Workers From Treating Ebola in West AfricaNational Journal Wikipedia:Responses to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa See all 1,363 sources » Related Ebola » Deepcor7 hours ago  -  Google+ Critics to the New York and New Jersey Ebola practices say that the states are deterring people from going to West Africa to help quarantine the Ebola outbreak. This could have a detrimental effect on… the efforts going into providing aid to those in West Africa and could deter major immunologists and other doctors from visiting Western Africa to treat those suffering. Nurse Discharged from Quarantine for Ebola in New Jersey Fox NewsSee realtime coverage DHS increases security at federal buildings over terror concerns Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday it has increased security at federal buildings across the county, citing terror threats and recent attacks in Canada and elsewhere. Related Security » United States Department of Homeland Security » United States of America » Homeland Security steps up patrols of federal buildingsUSA TODAY News of the day from across the nation, Oct. 29SFGate Highly Cited:US beefs up security at federal buildingsCNN Opinion:U.S. Beefs Up Federal Building SecurityDaily Beast See all 253 sources » Related Security » United States Department of Homeland Security » United States of America » Marty D\u0027Arcy3 hours ago  -  Google+ BREAKING NEWS: DHS ORDERS ENHANCED SECURITY AT FEDERAL BUILDINGS ACROSS THE COUNTRY DUE TO TERROR CONCERNS. DHS: Security presence at US federal buildings to be enhanced due to continued calls by terr…or groups for attacks on US homeland. ESPNSee realtime coverage Mississippi State, Florida State Top Playoff Rankings ESPN  - ?13 minutes ago? GRAPEVINE, Texas -- The College Football Playoff selection committee has spoken -- and it likes the SEC. More from ESPN.com. Here is what the College Football Playoff would look like if the season ended today, Heather Dinich writes. Related College football » American football » What the selection committee signaled with its initial Playoff rankingUSA TODAY Providing a Peek at What Matters in a New Era of RankingsNew York Times In Depth:Kartje: A little advice for College Football Playoff selection committeeOCRegister Live Updating:Live chat: SEC football with AP poll voter Mike Herndon of AL.com at 1 p.m.AL.com See all 513 sources » Related College football » American football » John Martin21 minutes ago  -  Google+ The first College Football Playoff Committee poll is out. Here are the Top Five: 1) Mississippi State 2) Florida State 3) Auburn 4) Ole Miss 5) Oregon Our Mock Selection Committee chose the fol…lowing teams last night: 1) Mississippi State 2) Florida State 3) Alabama 4) Auburn 5) TCU Which Committee poll do you think is the most accurate? #cfbchat   #collegefootball   #collegefootballplayof New York TimesSee realtime coverage Mark Zuckerberg Talks of Spending, and Facebook Stock Drops New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago? SAN FRANCISCO - Facebook shareholders got a sobering reminder on Tuesday: It\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg\u0027s company, and he is determined to spend billions of dollars over the next decade on ventures that might never generate substantial profits. Related Facebook » Advertising » Facebook shares down 11% on warning of rising costsUSA TODAY Facebook warns new buys will hurt marginsFinancial Times Opinion:WhatsApp, Facebook\u0027s $22 Billion Acquisition, Did $10.2 Million In Revenue ...Business Insider In Depth:In Bid To Capture The Future, Facebook Gets Spendy. Too Spendy?Forbes See all 322 sources » Related Facebook » Advertising » Glenn Gabe3 hours ago  -  Google+ Facebook Beats In Q3 With $3.2B in Revenue, 1.1B Mobile Users, Total Users at 1.35B, 864 Daily Users, 456 Mobile-Only Facebook Beats In Q3 With $3.2B Revenue, User Growth Up A Slower 2.27% QOQ To... SFGateSee realtime coverage US health care workers struggle for strategy against Ebola SFGate  - ?19 minutes ago? ATLANTA - A nurse who fueled Ebola fears by flying to Cleveland after being infected by her dying patient was released Tuesday from a hospital isolation unit, where doctors defended her as a courageous frontline caregiver. Related Ebola » Hospital » Ebola Treatment Successes in US Haven\u0027t Eased Fear of MisstepsBusinessweek Amber Vinson, Dallas nurse treated for Ebola, released from hospitalLos Angeles Times Trending on Google+:Ebola nurse Amber Vinson \u0027so grateful to be well\u0027USA TODAY In Depth:Amber Joy Vinson, Dallas Nurse Treated for Ebola, Is Released From HospitalNew York Times Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease in the United States See all 1,455 sources » Related Ebola » Hospital » 360nobs.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Nurse Who Contracted Ebola In Dallas Released From Hospital - The second nurse diagnosed of Ebola in the United States, Amber Vinson has been released after being declared virus free. Vinson was disch…arged from Emory University Hospital in Atlanta on Tuesday afternoon. The virus was undetectable in Vinson’s body as of Oct. 21, her family announced earlier on Tuesday, and she was approved to leave isolation. “While this is a day for celebration an... Nurse Who Contracted Ebola In Dallas Released From Hospital World » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Iraqi Kurds Are Joining Fight to Drive Islamic State From Kobani New York Times  - ?57 minutes ago? SULAIMANIYA, Iraq - For the first time, pesh merga forces from Iraqi Kurdistan have moved to join the fighting against Islamic State militants besieging the Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani, taking advantage of Turkey\u0027s decision to open its borders to ... Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Peshmerga » Syria » 10 Things to Know for WednesdayABC News Islamic State: Kurdish Peshmerga troops leave Iraq to join battle in KobaneABC Online Highly Cited:Iraqi Peshmerga soon to enter Kobani to fight ISISCNN Trending on Google+:\u0027If we don\u0027t, who will?\u0027 Kurdish fighters smuggled across border to join Kobani ...RT Opinion:Middle East Updates / Germany pledges half a billion Euros for Syrian refugeesHaaretz In Depth:Iraqi peshmerga fighters head for Syria to fight Islamic StateReuters See all 657 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Peshmerga » Syria » Circa3 hours ago  -  Google+ 150 Kurdish peshmerga fighters were headed to Turkey from Iraq\u0027s Kurdistan region Oct. 28, intending to cross into the Syrian town of Kobane, which has been besieged for weeks by Islamic State mil…itants. Turkey allowed the deployment after weeks of perceived inaction that sparked protests in Kurdish communities. Kurdish militia heading to Kobane via Turkish border The GuardianSee realtime coverage Search for student remains near dump in Mexico Irish Times  - ?10 minutes ago? Forensic examiners look for human remains below a rubbish-strewn hillside in the forested mountains outside Cocula yesterday. Photograph: Rebecca Blackwell/Reuters. Related Students » Mexico » Frustration In a Search In MexicoNew York Times More human remains found in Mexico search for missing studentsThe Globe and Mail In Depth:Mexico investigators comb gully for missing 43Chron.com Wikipedia:Portal:Current events See all 353 sources » Related Students » Mexico » KRGV48 minutes ago  -  Google+ Forensic experts are combing a gully in southern Mexico for the remains of 43 missing students based on testimony from two new suspects. #rgv Mexico Investigators Comb Area for 43 Missing Students | KRGV.com | CHANNEL 5... MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage South Korea: Kim Jong Un had ankle surgery to remove cyst CNN  - ?4 hours ago? (CNN) -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who recently disappeared from public view for about six weeks, had a cyst removed from his right ankle, a semi-official South Korean news agency reported Tuesday. Related Kim Jong-un » Seoul » South Korea Intelligence Say Solved Mystery Of Kim Jong Un\u0027s DisappearanceHuffington Post Seoul officials say Kim Jong Un had ankle surgeryChron.com In Depth:South Korea spy agency claims to have solved mystery over Kim Jong Un\u0027s six ...Irish Independent See all 275 sources » Related Kim Jong-un » Seoul » Georgi Kaua7 hours ago  -  Google+ South Korea’s spy agency says it has solved the mystery of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s six-week public absence. This photo(below) released by North Korea’s Korean Central News Agency on October …26th 2014 shows Kim Jong-un inspecting in Pyongyang. \u003d\u003e North Korean dictator had operation to remove cyst from ankle, spy agency says                                                                                                                 ... More World stories U.S. » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Santa Fe sheriff\u0027s deputy charged with fatally shooting partner after alcohol ... New York Daily News  - ?24 minutes ago? A Santa Fe sheriff\u0027s deputy has been charged in the murder of a fellow officer after allegedly shooting him during a booze-fueled fight at a Las Cruces hotel, authorities said. Related Las Cruces » New Mexico Deputy Charged With Shooting ColleagueABC News Police think argument led New Mexico sheriff\u0027s deputy to kill colleagueLos Angeles Times See all 265 sources » Related Las Cruces » Chicago Sun-TimesSee realtime coverage For Democrats, Sarah Palin May be the Gift that Keeps on Giving Bloomberg  - ?1 hour ago? The former governor of Alaska and former vice-presidential candidate opened the door to another potential run for office on Tuesday. Related Sarah Palin » Sarah Palin May Run Again but It Might as Well Be Mama JuneViral Global News Sarah Palin Will \"Hopefully\" Run For President In 2016 Because Of \"Haters ...Bustle Opinion:Sarah Palin: I May Run AgainDaily Beast In Depth:Sarah Palin Says She\u0027s Hoping To Run For Office AgainHuffington Post See all 94 sources » Related Sarah Palin » The GuardianSee realtime coverage Excessive force? Utah ME\u0027s report on Darrien Hunt shooting echoes earlier ... Salt Lake Tribune  - ?2 hours ago? (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Darrien Hunt\u0027s mother Susan Hunt was overcome with emotion during a press conference at the office of attorney Robert Sykes in Salt Lake City, Tuesday October 28, 2014. Related Utah » State autopsy confirms Hunt shot in the backDaily Herald WATCH LIVE: Family speaks following release of state\u0027s autopsy report on ...Good4Utah See all 65 sources » Related Utah » NewsweekSee realtime coverage Why the Robel Phillipos Verdict Could Be Bad for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev\u0027s Defense Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? Jurors\u0027 lengthy deliberation in the trial of Robel Phillipos, friend of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, could be used to argue Tsarnaev\u0027s case can, in fact, be fairly adjudicated in Boston. Related Boston Marathon bombings » Federal Bureau of Investigation » Friend of bombing suspect convicted of lyingIrish Examiner Boston bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBISFGate Trending on Google+:Boston Marathon bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBIFox News In Depth:Bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBIThe Seattle Times See all 490 sources » Related Boston Marathon bombings » Federal Bureau of Investigation » More U.S. stories Business » ReutersSee realtime coverage Asian shares gain on earnings optimism, dovish Fed Reuters  - ?24 minutes ago? TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the U.S. Related Federal Reserve System » United States Dollar » Asia stocks join US rally; Fed statement in focusCNBC Dollar steady as Federal Reserve meetsChannel News Asia In Depth:Greenback Steady Before Fed Policy MeetingForbes See all 258 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » United States Dollar » New York TimesSee realtime coverage New IG Report Reveals USPS Quietly Surveilling MUCH More Mail Than ... Daily Caller  - ?4 hours ago? A report released Tuesday from the USPS Inspector General\u0027s office reveals far more surveillance of U.S. mail and subsequent flags to law enforcement agencies than previously known. Related United States Postal Service » Postal audit: More monitoring for tracking programHeraldNet Report Shows U.S. Government Is Also Pretty Interested in Snooping on Your ...Slate Magazine (blog) Opinion:Postal Service OKd 50000 Spy RequestsDaily Beast In Depth:Postal Service Photographs Every Piece of Mail in the US, Shares With Agencies ...Newsweek See all 104 sources » Related United States Postal Service » Democracy Now!10 hours ago  -  Google+ In headlines today, we report that a newly obtained audit shows the U.S. Postal Service approved nearly 50,000 requests last year from law enforcement and its own inspection unit to secretly monitor A…mericans\u0027 mail. The New York Times reports the number is far higher than what the Postal Service had previously disclosed. #Mail   #Privacy   New York TimesSee realtime coverage New Leader Will Drive Expansion of Citi Bike New York Times  - ?16 minutes ago? Starting next year, hundreds of new bikes belonging to the Citi Bike program will come to more stations, including stations in Queens and Brooklyn. Related Bicycles » NY bike scheme expands under new bossFinancial Times Citi Bike Will Double Number of Bikes After Sale to Private InvestorsThe Epoch Times See all 74 sources » Related Bicycles » Citi4 hours ago  -  Google+ We are proud to play a role in the expansion of the #CitiBike program in New York City. An additional 6,000 bicycles will be added to the program, making it more accessible and reliable for New Yorkers. The ex…pansion represents a significant investment in technology, operational capacity, and an increase in community benefits. Read more: http://on.citi.us/1pVyTRw More Business stories Technology » Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage MAGID ON TECH: You can\u0027t redefine \u0027unlimited,\u0027 FCC tells AT\u0026T San Jose Mercury News  - ?10 minutes ago? AT\u0026T has redefined the term \"unlimited\" and the Federal Trade Commission has called them out on it. For years, AT\u0026T sold plans that included unlimited data but later came to the realization that allowing users to access as much data as they want could put ... Related AT\u0026T » Federal Trade Commission » US sues AT\u0026T over alleged \u0027data throttling\u0027 on phone plansReuters FTC sues AT\u0026T over \u0027throttling\u0027 smartphone data speedsThe Seattle Times Opinion:FTC Sues AT\u0026T For Misleading \u0027Millions\u0027Business Insider In Depth:AT\u0026T Sued For Reducing Speed Of \u0027Unlimited\u0027 Data PlansHuffington Post See all 354 sources » Related AT\u0026T » Federal Trade Commission » The West Wire7 hours ago  -  Google+ FTC: AT\u0026T Mislead Millions of Customers by Throttling \u0027Unlimited\u0027 Data Plans http://www.thewestwire.com/ftc-att-mislead-millions-of-customers-by-throttling-unlimited-data-plans/ From the Federal Trade Commission: The Federal Trade Commission filed a federal court complaint against AT…\u0026T Mobility, LLC, charging that the company has misled millions of its smartphone customers by charging them for “unlimited” data plans while reducing their data speeds, in some cases ... #ATT, #Fraud, #FTC SFGateSee realtime coverage Google working on pill that searches for illnesses SFGate  - ?5 hours ago? LAGUNA BEACH, Calif. (AP) - Google is working on a cancer-detecting pill in its latest effort to push the boundaries of technology. Related Google » Cancer » Disease » Google X goes teeny-tiny to diagnose disease at its earliest stagesFortune Google Developing a Pill That Would Detect Cancer and Other DiseasesWired Highly Cited:Google is developing cancer and heart attack detectorBBC News Opinion:Google Wants to Put Nanoparticles in YouDaily Beast See all 153 sources » Related Google » Cancer » Disease » RT America4 hours ago  -  Google+ Google wants your body to host a search engine, using a pill to diagnose health issues like cancer or heart disease. The nanoparticles inside would travel through the bloodstream and send their findin…gs back to an exterior sensor. Google\u0027s nanobots to search inside the human body — RT USA New York TimesSee realtime coverage Apple Pay Runs Afoul of a Rival New York Times  - ?56 minutes ago? One week after its debut, Apple\u0027s new mobile wallet is showing promise with consumers. Apple\u0027s rivals in the payments industry, meanwhile, are scrambling to prevent it from being too successful. Related Apple Inc. » Tim Cook » Apple vs. Retail - who wins mobile payment war?USA TODAY Retail skirmish blocks Apple Pay at checkout lineQuad-Cities Online Opinion:Inside the war on Apple Pay that\u0027s doomed to failCult of Mac In Depth:Apple Pay, CurrentC, and the Normalization of Credit/DebtHuffington Post See all 1,590 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Tim Cook » Yi Yao3 hours ago  -  Google+ CurrentC - an payment app that connect to your bank account Apple pay was released to the public just over a week ago but there are reports of technical issues like double charging, and the retailer… participation is low. Unlike Apple pay, CurrentC is created by many super size retailers such as Walmart. CurrentC is independent of the credit card companies and is directly hooked to your bank account. It will use the good old ACH to transfer mon... More Technology stories Entertainment » MovieWebSee realtime coverage Marvel Phase 3 Will Have 9 Movies; \u0027Ant-Man\u0027 Concludes Phase 2 MovieWeb  - ?52 minutes ago? Kevin Feige confirms that \u0027Ant-Man\u0027 will now end Phase 2, with \u0027Captain America: Civil War\u0027 kicking off a 9-movie Phase 3. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+. Related Marvel Comics » Black Panther » Who should play Captain Marvel? Here are 10 super casting ideasHitFix 12 thoughts about Marvel\u0027s big announcementEntertainment Weekly Opinion:\u0027Black Panther\u0027 Star Chadwick Boseman Has 5-Picture Marvel Movie DealScreen Rant See all 815 sources » Related Marvel Comics » Black Panther » Nick Moore6 hours ago  -  Google+ MARVEL MOVIE TSUNAMI!!! :-) Here\u0027s the list! Captain America: Civil War - May 6th 2016 Doctor Strange  - November 4th, 2016  Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 – May 5th, 2017 Thor: Ragnarok – J…uly 28th, 2017 Black Panther - November 3rd, 2017 – starring Chadwick Boseman Captain Marvel – July 6th 2018 – featuring Carol Danvers Inhumans – November 2nd 2018. Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 – May 4th 2018 Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 ... USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Stage \u0026 Screen Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61 Broadway World  - ?20 minutes ago? Stage and screen actress Elizabeth Norment, who most recently appeared in Netflix\u0027s HOUSE OF CARDS, has died at the age of 61, according to the Los Angeles Times. Related Elizabeth Norment » House of Cards » \u0027House of Cards\u0027 Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61Variety House of Cards Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61Wicked Local Yarmouth Highly Cited:Elizabeth Norment, \u0027House of Cards\u0027 and stage actress, dies at 61Los Angeles Times Wikipedia:Deaths in 2014 See all 93 sources » Related Elizabeth Norment » House of Cards » Us Weekly4 hours ago  -  Google+ House of Cards actress Elizabeth Norment (who played Kevin Spacey\u0027s executive secretary) has died at 61: http://usm.ag/1nNRyTr House of Cards Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at Age 61 BBC NewsSee realtime coverage What 10 hours of street harassment in NYC looks like CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- \"God bless you, mami,\". \"Hey baby.\" \"DAMN.\" \"You don\u0027t wanna talk?\" This is just a sampling of what one woman in jeans and a t-shirt experienced in 10 hours of walking though the streets of New York City. Related Woman » Sexual harassment » New York City » Watch worrying video of woman being harassed by men while walking silently ...Mirror.co.uk Woman harassed 108 times in 10 hours on NYC streetsNew York Post Trending on Google+:Woman Walking Around NYC Gets Catcalled 108 Times in One DayNew York Magazine Opinion:This Woman Was Catcalled Over 100 Times In One Day In New York City -- And ...MTV.com In Depth:Viral video shows woman harassed more than 100 times in 10-hour spanToday.com See all 97 sources » Related Woman » Sexual harassment » New York City » Newsday2 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Damn!\" \"Smile!\" \"Hey Baby.\"  She heard it all. While walking down New York City streets for 10 hours, this woman was catcalled at least 100 times, a video shows. \"…We want New Yorkers to realize — once and for all — that street harassment isn\u0027t OK\": http://nwsdy.li/10xj2CP More Entertainment stories Sports » SFGateSee realtime coverage Giants\u0027 World Series Game 6 history SFGate  - ?24 minutes ago? Sections. SFGatevisit|Home|navigation-www|1 · SFGatevisit|Home|navigation-www|1 · Contact SFGateopen|Home-Contact SFGate|navigation-www|1 · About SFGateopen|Home-About SFGate|navigation-www|2 · About SF Chronicleopen|Home-About SF ... Related San Francisco Giants » Kansas City Royals » World Series » Nightengale: Hunter Pence using World Series as his pulpitUSA TODAY Photo gallery: World Series game 6, Royals vs. Giants, early inningsKansas City Star Opinion:Observations and opinions from the World SeriesBoston Globe Live Updating:World Series Games 6 live updates, chat: San Francisco Giants vs. Kansas City ...The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com See all 1,193 sources » Related San Francisco Giants » Kansas City Royals » World Series » FOX 5 San Diego / KSWB2 hours ago  -  Google+ Watch Kansas City Royals take on San Francisco Giants in the World Series TONIGHT on Fox 5! Coverage starts at 4:30 p.m. ESPNSee realtime coverage Every Spurs fan gets a championship ring opening night FOXSports.com  - ?1 hour ago? SAN ANTONIO -- Tim Duncan and the San Antonio Spurs aren\u0027t the only ones getting championship rings Tuesday night. All 18,000-plus in attendance at the AT\u0026T Center for the season opener against the Dallas Mavericks got their own replica to take home. Related San Antonio Spurs » National Basketball Association » Dallas Mavericks » After jewel of season, Spurs get ringsNBA.com (blog) Kawhi Leonard: (Eye) Expects To Return Nov. 5Rotowire Opinion:This Is How One Woman Is Going To Make History In The NBA TonightMTV.com In Depth:Spurs, Mavs tip off NBA seasonSports Network See all 271 sources » Related San Antonio Spurs » National Basketball Association » Dallas Mavericks » Dallas Mavericks11 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s finally here! #MavsGameDay! Mavs take on the + San Antonio Spurs  in the NBA Season Opener tonight at 7PM CST on TNT! We\u0027re ready, are you? #DALatSAS   USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Report: Hockey great Gordie Howe suffers stroke USA TODAY  - ?30 minutes ago? Hockey great Gordie Howe is resting after suffering a \"pretty bad\" stroke in Texas on Sunday, his son told the Detroit News. Related Gordie Howe » National Hockey League » Ice Hockey » Report: Former Detroit Red Wings great Gordie Howe suffers \u0027serious stroke\u0027MLive.com Gordie Howe resting after suffering \u0027serious\u0027 stroke: reportCBC.ca Opinion:Report: Gordie Howe Suffered \"Serious\" StrokeDeadspin In Depth:Gordie Howe suffers serious stroke in TexasCTV News See all 54 sources » Related Gordie Howe » National Hockey League » Ice Hockey » Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Bailey calls it a career after 15 years in NFL Kansas City Star  - ?53 minutes ago? Former teammate Brian Dawkins called Champ Bailey \"a great conserver of energy,\" a rare superstar who was never in a rush to get anywhere \"unless it was on a football field. Related Champ Bailey » National Football League » Champ Bailey is a True ChampPredominantly Orange Folkston native, former Georgia Bulldog Champ Bailey retires from NFLFlorida Times-Union Opinion:Champ Bailey Retires From NFLRealGM.com See all 141 sources » Related Champ Bailey » National Football League » ESPNSee realtime coverage Buccaneers trade safety Mark Barron to Rams for picks NFL.com  - ?14 minutes ago? Tampa Bay announced that its starting safety has been shipped to the St. Louis Rams ahead of Tuesday\u0027s 4 p.m. ET trade deadline. Related Mark Barron » Tampa Bay Buccaneers » Buccaneers trade Mark Barron, linebacker at deadlineUSA TODAY NFL trade deadline: Mark Barron to Rams, Jonathan Casillas to PatriotsLos Angeles Times Wikipedia:Mark Barron See all 116 sources » Related Mark Barron » Tampa Bay Buccaneers » More Sports stories Science » ReutersSee realtime coverage Giant tortoises rally from near extinction on Galapagos island Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservationists said on Tuesday they have brought giant tortoises found on the Galapagos island of Espanola back from the brink of extinction, gaining a foothold strong enough to allow humans to leave the reptiles alone. Related Galápagos Islands » After 40 years Giant Tortoise makes population recovery on island of EspanolaThe Hoops News Giant tortoises making a comeback on Galapagos IslandsUPI.com Highly Cited:Giant Tortoises Gain a Foothold on a Galapagos IslandSUNY-ESF Headlines In Depth:Galapagos Giant Tortoise Brought Back From Brink of ExtinctionNewsweek See all 31 sources » Related Galápagos Islands » Irina Tcherednichenko4 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Where once there were 15, now more than 1,000 giant tortoises lumber around Espanola, one of the Galapagos Islands . After 40 years\u0027 work reintroducing captive animals, a detailed study… of the island\u0027s ecosystem has confirmed it has a stable, breeding population. Numbers had dwindled drastically by the 1960s, but now the danger of extinction on Espanola appears to have passed. [...] Lead author Prof James Gibbs told BBC Ne... Giant tortoise \u0027miraculous\u0027 recovery CapitalbergSee realtime coverage Population Control Will Not Resolve Imperative Environmental Issues, Study ... Capitalberg  - ?39 minutes ago? Corey Bradshaw and Barry Brook conducted a new study stating; population control by itself cannot resolve the imperative environmental issues and consumption must be reduced. Related World » Sustainability » Population explosion is unstoppable, say scientistsTimes of India Even a World War III Will Be Insufficient To Control Human PopulationDiabetes Insider Highly Cited:Population controls \u0027will not solve environment issues\u0027BBC News Trending on Google+:Global overpopulation would \u0027withstand war, disasters and disease\u0027The Guardian In Depth:Stop pretending we can fix the environment by curbing population growthWashington Post (blog) See all 74 sources » Related World » Sustainability » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage \u0027We Just Take It Day by Day\u0027: Unpredictability of Lava Frays Nerves in Pahoa NBCNews.com  - ?4 minutes ago? The waiting is the hardest part as lava from Hawaii\u0027s Kilauea volcano creeps slowly through the community of Pahoa, where residents never know from hour to hour whether they should pack up and leave, even as they can hear the crackle and hiss of gases ... Related Hawaii » Volcanoes » River of lava crackles, creeps toward Hawaii townThe Seattle Times Photos: Hawaii volcanoLongview Daily News Trending on Google+:Lava flow inches closer to homes in Hawaiian communityCNN In Depth:Hawaii lava flow moves roughly 70 yards from nearest residenceFox News See all 1,955 sources » Related Hawaii » Volcanoes » In Focus7 hours ago  -  Google+ Lava Flow Threatens Pahoa, Hawaii - 26 photos - http://goo.gl/pI0Rwf - On June 27, a new lava flow emerged from Hawaii\u0027s Kilauea Volcano, flowing to the northeast at a rate varying from 2 meters per hour up to 15 me…ters per hour. In the months since, the \"June 27 breakout\" lava flow has crossed more than 12 miles and now threatens the small town of Pahoa. The molten rock has already claimed acres of forest, several roads and small farm buildings, and ... More Science stories Health » KUMVSee realtime coverage Google Celebrates Creator of Polio Vaccine KUMV  - ?1 hour ago? If you\u0027ve been on Google today you may have noticed the logo has changed. The change was done in honor of Dr. Jonas Salk, who would have turned 100 today. Related Jonas Salk » Polio vaccine » Creator of Polio Vaccine Would Have Turned 100 on TuesdayKMBZ Jonas Salk, creator of polio vaccine, celebrates 100th birthdayThe Michigan Daily (blog) Trending on Google+:Jonas Salk Google doodle: a good reminder of the power of vaccinesThe Guardian See all 143 sources » Related Jonas Salk » Polio vaccine » Subrato Paul7 hours ago  -  Google+ Google doodle marks the 100th birth anniversary of Jonas Salk, who pioneered the first polio vaccine. Jonas Edward Salk (October 28, 1914 - June 23, 1995) was an American medical researcher and virol…ogist. He discovered and developed the first successful inactivated polio vaccine. USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Supportive care may help American Ebola patients survive USA TODAY  - ?53 minutes ago? Nurse Amber Vinson\u0027s discharge from the hospital Tuesday brings to seven the number of American patients who have survived Ebola, leading many people to wonder what has allowed them to beat the odds. Related Ebola » Why Americans are beating Ebola – and most Africans are not?KSDK Ebola: Three reasons why most US patients have survivedCBS News See all 12 sources » Related Ebola » Lorna Salgado4 hours ago  -  Google+ Why people without symptoms aren’t going to give you Ebola Fear of Ebola has put many on high alert and there is increasing anxiety about the possibility of individuals with minimal exposure and no… symptoms introducing the virus into communities – people such as Craig Spencer, the doctor who contracted Ebola while working in Guinea who then went bowling and rode the subway in New York before exhibiting symptoms. Fear has kept people away fr... Why people without symptoms aren’t going to give you Ebola More Health stories Get Google News on the go. Try the free app for your phone or tablet. Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Nurse Kaci Hickox Doesn\u0027t Intend to Obey Maine Ebola Quarantine: Report NBCNews.com - 10 minutes ago Connecticut Tries to Find Middle Path on Ebola New York Times - 14 minutes ago Facebook To Spend Billions On Future New York Times - 15 minutes ago Weather for Oliver, Pennsylvania Today 81° 50° Wed 61° 37° Thu 54° 34° Fri 55° 34° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Greater Pittsburgh » No. 24 Duke keeping focus on Pitt, ACC race WPXI Pittsburgh - 4 hours ago WVU students will tell history of Brooke Glass Factory WTOV Steubenville - 3 hours ago One fugitive left from federal heroin, cocaine bust Pittsburgh Post Gazette - 11 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Fortress Israel: Can people make peace when they don’t talk? Christa Case Bryant To spank or not to spank: Corporal punishment in the US Stephanie Hanes The rise of \u0027redneck TV\u0027 Patrik Jonsson Fracking in the US: The story of one man\u0027s oil well William Sargent How much do you know about the Islamic State? Anne Steele Learn more Spotlight » How third-party candidates could disrupt Election Day outcomes PBS NewsHour - 16 minutes ago Fox News Hosts Tell Young Women Not To Vote, Go Back To Tinder And Match ... Huffington Post - Oct 22, 2014 The Great Kansas Tea Party Disaster RollingStone.com - Oct 23, 2014 Living Wages, Rarity for US Fast-Food Workers, Served Up in Denmark New York Times - Oct 27, 2014 Woman pleads not guilty to rape of man in Seattle The Seattle Times - Oct 23, 2014 How Colleges Let Sexual Predators Slip Away To Other Schools Huffington Post - Oct 23, 2014 Ebola and the Vast Viral Universe New York Times - Oct 27, 2014 WRINKLES IN SPACETIME: The Warped Astrophysics of Interstellar Wired - Oct 22, 2014 How We Got Rolled by the Dishonest Fascists of Gamergate Gawker - Oct 22, 2014 Greek Letters at a Price New York Times - 15 hours ago How cocoa traders make money on the Ebola scare PBS NewsHour - 3 hours ago Yearwood sings anthem; Staff Sgt. throws first pitch MLB.com - Oct 21, 2014 Most popular Antares rocket explodes on take-off Irish Times - 8 minutes ago North Korean Leader Was Sidelined by Foot Surgery, South Says New York Times - 7 minutes ago Tomorrow Daily 076: Marvel\u0027s Phase 3 plans, holographic keyboard, and more CNET - 15 minutes ago Chris Christie \u0027not moving an inch\u0027 on Ebola policy Irish Times - 9 minutes ago \u0027House of Cards\u0027 Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61 NBCNews.com - 1 hour ago FTC sues AT\u0026T, saying customers misled over unlimited data plans Dallas Morning News - 9 minutes ago 10 Things to Know for Wednesday Washington Post - 10 minutes ago \u0027We Just Take It Day by Day\u0027: Unpredictability of Lava Frays Nerves in Pahoa NBCNews.com - 4 minutes ago For Democrats, Sarah Palin May be the Gift that Keeps on Giving Bloomberg - 1 hour ago No leads emerge in man\u0027s disappearance during Broncos-Chargers game TSN - 1 hour agoNew York TimesSee realtime coverage Unmanned NASA-contracted rocket explodes; damage is \u0027significant\u0027 CNN  - ?11 minutes ago? (CNN) -- An unmanned NASA-contracted rocket exploded early Tuesday evening along the eastern Virginia coast, causing a huge fireball but no apparent deaths. Related International Space Station » NASA » Orbital Sciences Corporation » Rocket Bound for Space Station ExplodesNew York Times Supply rocket headed to space station explodesSFGate Featured:What Was the Deal With That Boat Scuttling Last Night\u0027s Rocket Launch?Air \u0026 Space Magazine Trending on Google+:Nighttime Rocket Launch Will Be Visible from US East Coast MondaySpace.com In Depth:Rocket Explodes on Launch for Space Station Supply TripABC News Wikipedia:Antares See all 1,094 sources » Related International Space Station » NASA » Orbital Sciences Corporation » NASA5 hours ago  -  Google+ NASA Administrator Charles Bolden spoke with astronauts Barry Wilmore and Reid Wiseman aboard the International Space Station. Bolden: What can I do in the next couple of years to make life better fo…r you up there. Wiseman: For me it’s getting a US flag carrier to bring some folks up to the space station. And I think we’re headed in the right direction.  #LaunchAmerica USA TODAY USA TODAYRocket explodes during NASA Antares launch Rocket explodes during NASA Antares launch - USA TODAY CNN CNNMark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0026#39;risky business\u0026#39; Mark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0027risky business\u0027 - CNN Reuters ReutersNASA\u0026#39;s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV NASA\u0027s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV - Reuters Spaceflight Now Spaceflight Now Errant boat scrubs Antares launch from Virginia Reuters UK Reuters UK Orbital Sciences\u0027 unmanned rocket explodes on liftoff in Virginia -NASACNN  - ?11 minutes ago?USA TODAY USA TODAYRocket explodes during NASA Antares launch Rocket explodes during NASA Antares launch - USA TODAY CNN CNNMark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0026#39;risky business\u0026#39; Mark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0027risky business\u0027 - CNN Reuters ReutersNASA\u0026#39;s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV NASA\u0027s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV - Reuters Spaceflight Now Spaceflight Now Errant boat scrubs Antares launch from Virginia Reuters UK Reuters UK Orbital Sciences\u0027 unmanned rocket explodes on liftoff in Virginia -NASAUSA TODAY USA TODAYRocket explodes during NASA Antares launch Rocket explodes during NASA Antares launch - USA TODAY CNN CNNMark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0026#39;risky business\u0026#39; Mark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0027risky business\u0027 - CNN Reuters ReutersNASA\u0026#39;s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV NASA\u0027s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV - Reuters Spaceflight Now Spaceflight Now Errant boat scrubs Antares launch from Virginia Reuters UK Reuters UK Orbital Sciences\u0027 unmanned rocket explodes on liftoff in Virginia -NASARocket explodes during NASA Antares launch - USA TODAYMark Kelly: Orbital science is a \u0027risky business\u0027 - CNNNASA\u0027s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV - ReutersReutersSee realtime coverage Obama defends US Ebola guidelines, backs American volunteers in Africa Reuters  - ?31 minutes ago? ATLANTA/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As the second of two nurses infected while treating an Ebola patient left an Atlanta hospital, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said policies adopted in the United States should not discourage Americans willing to fight ... Related Ebola » Obama assails Ebola quarantines, saying they are based on fear, not factsWashington Post Obama: Ebola medics \u0027doing God\u0027s work\u0027The Hill Featured:Obama: Don\u0027t Discourage US Health Workers From Treating Ebola in West AfricaNational Journal Wikipedia:Responses to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa See all 1,363 sources » Related Ebola » Deepcor7 hours ago  -  Google+ Critics to the New York and New Jersey Ebola practices say that the states are deterring people from going to West Africa to help quarantine the Ebola outbreak. This could have a detrimental effect on… the efforts going into providing aid to those in West Africa and could deter major immunologists and other doctors from visiting Western Africa to treat those suffering. Nurse Discharged from Quarantine for Ebola in New JerseyReuters  - ?31 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage DHS increases security at federal buildings over terror concerns Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday it has increased security at federal buildings across the county, citing terror threats and recent attacks in Canada and elsewhere. Related Security » United States Department of Homeland Security » United States of America » Homeland Security steps up patrols of federal buildingsUSA TODAY News of the day from across the nation, Oct. 29SFGate Highly Cited:US beefs up security at federal buildingsCNN Opinion:U.S. Beefs Up Federal Building SecurityDaily Beast See all 253 sources » Related Security » United States Department of Homeland Security » United States of America » Marty D\u0027Arcy3 hours ago  -  Google+ BREAKING NEWS: DHS ORDERS ENHANCED SECURITY AT FEDERAL BUILDINGS ACROSS THE COUNTRY DUE TO TERROR CONCERNS. DHS: Security presence at US federal buildings to be enhanced due to continued calls by terr…or groups for attacks on US homeland.Fox News  - ?1 hour ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Mississippi State, Florida State Top Playoff Rankings ESPN  - ?13 minutes ago? GRAPEVINE, Texas -- The College Football Playoff selection committee has spoken -- and it likes the SEC. More from ESPN.com. Here is what the College Football Playoff would look like if the season ended today, Heather Dinich writes. Related College football » American football » What the selection committee signaled with its initial Playoff rankingUSA TODAY Providing a Peek at What Matters in a New Era of RankingsNew York Times In Depth:Kartje: A little advice for College Football Playoff selection committeeOCRegister Live Updating:Live chat: SEC football with AP poll voter Mike Herndon of AL.com at 1 p.m.AL.com See all 513 sources » Related College football » American football » John Martin21 minutes ago  -  Google+ The first College Football Playoff Committee poll is out. Here are the Top Five: 1) Mississippi State 2) Florida State 3) Auburn 4) Ole Miss 5) Oregon Our Mock Selection Committee chose the fol…lowing teams last night: 1) Mississippi State 2) Florida State 3) Alabama 4) Auburn 5) TCU Which Committee poll do you think is the most accurate? #cfbchat   #collegefootball   #collegefootballplayofESPN  - ?13 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Mark Zuckerberg Talks of Spending, and Facebook Stock Drops New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago? SAN FRANCISCO - Facebook shareholders got a sobering reminder on Tuesday: It\u0027s Mark Zuckerberg\u0027s company, and he is determined to spend billions of dollars over the next decade on ventures that might never generate substantial profits. Related Facebook » Advertising » Facebook shares down 11% on warning of rising costsUSA TODAY Facebook warns new buys will hurt marginsFinancial Times Opinion:WhatsApp, Facebook\u0027s $22 Billion Acquisition, Did $10.2 Million In Revenue ...Business Insider In Depth:In Bid To Capture The Future, Facebook Gets Spendy. Too Spendy?Forbes See all 322 sources » Related Facebook » Advertising » Glenn Gabe3 hours ago  -  Google+ Facebook Beats In Q3 With $3.2B in Revenue, 1.1B Mobile Users, Total Users at 1.35B, 864 Daily Users, 456 Mobile-Only Facebook Beats In Q3 With $3.2B Revenue, User Growth Up A Slower 2.27% QOQ To...New York Times  - ?4 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage US health care workers struggle for strategy against Ebola SFGate  - ?19 minutes ago? ATLANTA - A nurse who fueled Ebola fears by flying to Cleveland after being infected by her dying patient was released Tuesday from a hospital isolation unit, where doctors defended her as a courageous frontline caregiver. Related Ebola » Hospital » Ebola Treatment Successes in US Haven\u0027t Eased Fear of MisstepsBusinessweek Amber Vinson, Dallas nurse treated for Ebola, released from hospitalLos Angeles Times Trending on Google+:Ebola nurse Amber Vinson \u0027so grateful to be well\u0027USA TODAY In Depth:Amber Joy Vinson, Dallas Nurse Treated for Ebola, Is Released From HospitalNew York Times Wikipedia:Ebola virus disease in the United States See all 1,455 sources » Related Ebola » Hospital » 360nobs.com2 hours ago  -  Google+ Nurse Who Contracted Ebola In Dallas Released From Hospital - The second nurse diagnosed of Ebola in the United States, Amber Vinson has been released after being declared virus free. Vinson was disch…arged from Emory University Hospital in Atlanta on Tuesday afternoon. The virus was undetectable in Vinson’s body as of Oct. 21, her family announced earlier on Tuesday, and she was approved to leave isolation. “While this is a day for celebration an... Nurse Who Contracted Ebola In Dallas Released From HospitalSFGate  - ?19 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Iraqi Kurds Are Joining Fight to Drive Islamic State From Kobani New York Times  - ?57 minutes ago? SULAIMANIYA, Iraq - For the first time, pesh merga forces from Iraqi Kurdistan have moved to join the fighting against Islamic State militants besieging the Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani, taking advantage of Turkey\u0027s decision to open its borders to ... Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Peshmerga » Syria » 10 Things to Know for WednesdayABC News Islamic State: Kurdish Peshmerga troops leave Iraq to join battle in KobaneABC Online Highly Cited:Iraqi Peshmerga soon to enter Kobani to fight ISISCNN Trending on Google+:\u0027If we don\u0027t, who will?\u0027 Kurdish fighters smuggled across border to join Kobani ...RT Opinion:Middle East Updates / Germany pledges half a billion Euros for Syrian refugeesHaaretz In Depth:Iraqi peshmerga fighters head for Syria to fight Islamic StateReuters See all 657 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Peshmerga » Syria » Circa3 hours ago  -  Google+ 150 Kurdish peshmerga fighters were headed to Turkey from Iraq\u0027s Kurdistan region Oct. 28, intending to cross into the Syrian town of Kobane, which has been besieged for weeks by Islamic State mil…itants. Turkey allowed the deployment after weeks of perceived inaction that sparked protests in Kurdish communities. Kurdish militia heading to Kobane via Turkish borderNew York Times  - ?57 minutes ago?The GuardianSee realtime coverage Search for student remains near dump in Mexico Irish Times  - ?10 minutes ago? Forensic examiners look for human remains below a rubbish-strewn hillside in the forested mountains outside Cocula yesterday. Photograph: Rebecca Blackwell/Reuters. Related Students » Mexico » Frustration In a Search In MexicoNew York Times More human remains found in Mexico search for missing studentsThe Globe and Mail In Depth:Mexico investigators comb gully for missing 43Chron.com Wikipedia:Portal:Current events See all 353 sources » Related Students » Mexico » KRGV48 minutes ago  -  Google+ Forensic experts are combing a gully in southern Mexico for the remains of 43 missing students based on testimony from two new suspects. #rgv Mexico Investigators Comb Area for 43 Missing Students | KRGV.com | CHANNEL 5...Irish Times  - ?10 minutes ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage South Korea: Kim Jong Un had ankle surgery to remove cyst CNN  - ?4 hours ago? (CNN) -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who recently disappeared from public view for about six weeks, had a cyst removed from his right ankle, a semi-official South Korean news agency reported Tuesday. Related Kim Jong-un » Seoul » South Korea Intelligence Say Solved Mystery Of Kim Jong Un\u0027s DisappearanceHuffington Post Seoul officials say Kim Jong Un had ankle surgeryChron.com In Depth:South Korea spy agency claims to have solved mystery over Kim Jong Un\u0027s six ...Irish Independent See all 275 sources » Related Kim Jong-un » Seoul » Georgi Kaua7 hours ago  -  Google+ South Korea’s spy agency says it has solved the mystery of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s six-week public absence. This photo(below) released by North Korea’s Korean Central News Agency on October …26th 2014 shows Kim Jong-un inspecting in Pyongyang. \u003d\u003e North Korean dictator had operation to remove cyst from ankle, spy agency says                                                                                                                 ...CNN  - ?4 hours ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Santa Fe sheriff\u0027s deputy charged with fatally shooting partner after alcohol ... New York Daily News  - ?24 minutes ago? A Santa Fe sheriff\u0027s deputy has been charged in the murder of a fellow officer after allegedly shooting him during a booze-fueled fight at a Las Cruces hotel, authorities said. Related Las Cruces » New Mexico Deputy Charged With Shooting ColleagueABC News Police think argument led New Mexico sheriff\u0027s deputy to kill colleagueLos Angeles Times See all 265 sources » Related Las Cruces »New York Daily News  - ?24 minutes ago?Chicago Sun-TimesSee realtime coverage For Democrats, Sarah Palin May be the Gift that Keeps on Giving Bloomberg  - ?1 hour ago? The former governor of Alaska and former vice-presidential candidate opened the door to another potential run for office on Tuesday. Related Sarah Palin » Sarah Palin May Run Again but It Might as Well Be Mama JuneViral Global News Sarah Palin Will \"Hopefully\" Run For President In 2016 Because Of \"Haters ...Bustle Opinion:Sarah Palin: I May Run AgainDaily Beast In Depth:Sarah Palin Says She\u0027s Hoping To Run For Office AgainHuffington Post See all 94 sources » Related Sarah Palin »Bloomberg  - ?1 hour ago?The GuardianSee realtime coverage Excessive force? Utah ME\u0027s report on Darrien Hunt shooting echoes earlier ... Salt Lake Tribune  - ?2 hours ago? (Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune) Darrien Hunt\u0027s mother Susan Hunt was overcome with emotion during a press conference at the office of attorney Robert Sykes in Salt Lake City, Tuesday October 28, 2014. Related Utah » State autopsy confirms Hunt shot in the backDaily Herald WATCH LIVE: Family speaks following release of state\u0027s autopsy report on ...Good4Utah See all 65 sources » Related Utah »Salt Lake Tribune  - ?2 hours ago?NewsweekSee realtime coverage Why the Robel Phillipos Verdict Could Be Bad for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev\u0027s Defense Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? Jurors\u0027 lengthy deliberation in the trial of Robel Phillipos, friend of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, could be used to argue Tsarnaev\u0027s case can, in fact, be fairly adjudicated in Boston. Related Boston Marathon bombings » Federal Bureau of Investigation » Friend of bombing suspect convicted of lyingIrish Examiner Boston bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBISFGate Trending on Google+:Boston Marathon bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBIFox News In Depth:Bombing suspect\u0027s friend convicted of lying to FBIThe Seattle Times See all 490 sources » Related Boston Marathon bombings » Federal Bureau of Investigation »Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Asian shares gain on earnings optimism, dovish Fed Reuters  - ?24 minutes ago? TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the U.S. Related Federal Reserve System » United States Dollar » Asia stocks join US rally; Fed statement in focusCNBC Dollar steady as Federal Reserve meetsChannel News Asia In Depth:Greenback Steady Before Fed Policy MeetingForbes See all 258 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » United States Dollar »Reuters  - ?24 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage New IG Report Reveals USPS Quietly Surveilling MUCH More Mail Than ... Daily Caller  - ?4 hours ago? A report released Tuesday from the USPS Inspector General\u0027s office reveals far more surveillance of U.S. mail and subsequent flags to law enforcement agencies than previously known. Related United States Postal Service » Postal audit: More monitoring for tracking programHeraldNet Report Shows U.S. Government Is Also Pretty Interested in Snooping on Your ...Slate Magazine (blog) Opinion:Postal Service OKd 50000 Spy RequestsDaily Beast In Depth:Postal Service Photographs Every Piece of Mail in the US, Shares With Agencies ...Newsweek See all 104 sources » Related United States Postal Service » Democracy Now!10 hours ago  -  Google+ In headlines today, we report that a newly obtained audit shows the U.S. Postal Service approved nearly 50,000 requests last year from law enforcement and its own inspection unit to secretly monitor A…mericans\u0027 mail. The New York Times reports the number is far higher than what the Postal Service had previously disclosed. #Mail   #Privacy  Daily Caller  - ?4 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage New Leader Will Drive Expansion of Citi Bike New York Times  - ?16 minutes ago? Starting next year, hundreds of new bikes belonging to the Citi Bike program will come to more stations, including stations in Queens and Brooklyn. Related Bicycles » NY bike scheme expands under new bossFinancial Times Citi Bike Will Double Number of Bikes After Sale to Private InvestorsThe Epoch Times See all 74 sources » Related Bicycles » Citi4 hours ago  -  Google+ We are proud to play a role in the expansion of the #CitiBike program in New York City. An additional 6,000 bicycles will be added to the program, making it more accessible and reliable for New Yorkers. The ex…pansion represents a significant investment in technology, operational capacity, and an increase in community benefits. Read more: http://on.citi.us/1pVyTRwNew York Times  - ?16 minutes ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage MAGID ON TECH: You can\u0027t redefine \u0027unlimited,\u0027 FCC tells AT\u0026T San Jose Mercury News  - ?10 minutes ago? AT\u0026T has redefined the term \"unlimited\" and the Federal Trade Commission has called them out on it. For years, AT\u0026T sold plans that included unlimited data but later came to the realization that allowing users to access as much data as they want could put ... Related AT\u0026T » Federal Trade Commission » US sues AT\u0026T over alleged \u0027data throttling\u0027 on phone plansReuters FTC sues AT\u0026T over \u0027throttling\u0027 smartphone data speedsThe Seattle Times Opinion:FTC Sues AT\u0026T For Misleading \u0027Millions\u0027Business Insider In Depth:AT\u0026T Sued For Reducing Speed Of \u0027Unlimited\u0027 Data PlansHuffington Post See all 354 sources » Related AT\u0026T » Federal Trade Commission » The West Wire7 hours ago  -  Google+ FTC: AT\u0026T Mislead Millions of Customers by Throttling \u0027Unlimited\u0027 Data Plans http://www.thewestwire.com/ftc-att-mislead-millions-of-customers-by-throttling-unlimited-data-plans/ From the Federal Trade Commission: The Federal Trade Commission filed a federal court complaint against AT…\u0026T Mobility, LLC, charging that the company has misled millions of its smartphone customers by charging them for “unlimited” data plans while reducing their data speeds, in some cases ... #ATT, #Fraud, #FTCSan Jose Mercury News  - ?10 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Google working on pill that searches for illnesses SFGate  - ?5 hours ago? LAGUNA BEACH, Calif. (AP) - Google is working on a cancer-detecting pill in its latest effort to push the boundaries of technology. Related Google » Cancer » Disease » Google X goes teeny-tiny to diagnose disease at its earliest stagesFortune Google Developing a Pill That Would Detect Cancer and Other DiseasesWired Highly Cited:Google is developing cancer and heart attack detectorBBC News Opinion:Google Wants to Put Nanoparticles in YouDaily Beast See all 153 sources » Related Google » Cancer » Disease » RT America4 hours ago  -  Google+ Google wants your body to host a search engine, using a pill to diagnose health issues like cancer or heart disease. The nanoparticles inside would travel through the bloodstream and send their findin…gs back to an exterior sensor. Google\u0027s nanobots to search inside the human body — RT USASFGate  - ?5 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Apple Pay Runs Afoul of a Rival New York Times  - ?56 minutes ago? One week after its debut, Apple\u0027s new mobile wallet is showing promise with consumers. Apple\u0027s rivals in the payments industry, meanwhile, are scrambling to prevent it from being too successful. Related Apple Inc. » Tim Cook » Apple vs. Retail - who wins mobile payment war?USA TODAY Retail skirmish blocks Apple Pay at checkout lineQuad-Cities Online Opinion:Inside the war on Apple Pay that\u0027s doomed to failCult of Mac In Depth:Apple Pay, CurrentC, and the Normalization of Credit/DebtHuffington Post See all 1,590 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Tim Cook » Yi Yao3 hours ago  -  Google+ CurrentC - an payment app that connect to your bank account Apple pay was released to the public just over a week ago but there are reports of technical issues like double charging, and the retailer… participation is low. Unlike Apple pay, CurrentC is created by many super size retailers such as Walmart. CurrentC is independent of the credit card companies and is directly hooked to your bank account. It will use the good old ACH to transfer mon...New York Times  - ?56 minutes ago?MovieWebSee realtime coverage Marvel Phase 3 Will Have 9 Movies; \u0027Ant-Man\u0027 Concludes Phase 2 MovieWeb  - ?52 minutes ago? Kevin Feige confirms that \u0027Ant-Man\u0027 will now end Phase 2, with \u0027Captain America: Civil War\u0027 kicking off a 9-movie Phase 3. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+. Related Marvel Comics » Black Panther » Who should play Captain Marvel? Here are 10 super casting ideasHitFix 12 thoughts about Marvel\u0027s big announcementEntertainment Weekly Opinion:\u0027Black Panther\u0027 Star Chadwick Boseman Has 5-Picture Marvel Movie DealScreen Rant See all 815 sources » Related Marvel Comics » Black Panther » Nick Moore6 hours ago  -  Google+ MARVEL MOVIE TSUNAMI!!! :-) Here\u0027s the list! Captain America: Civil War - May 6th 2016 Doctor Strange  - November 4th, 2016  Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 – May 5th, 2017 Thor: Ragnarok – J…uly 28th, 2017 Black Panther - November 3rd, 2017 – starring Chadwick Boseman Captain Marvel – July 6th 2018 – featuring Carol Danvers Inhumans – November 2nd 2018. Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 – May 4th 2018 Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 ...MovieWeb  - ?52 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Stage \u0026 Screen Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61 Broadway World  - ?20 minutes ago? Stage and screen actress Elizabeth Norment, who most recently appeared in Netflix\u0027s HOUSE OF CARDS, has died at the age of 61, according to the Los Angeles Times. Related Elizabeth Norment » House of Cards » \u0027House of Cards\u0027 Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61Variety House of Cards Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at 61Wicked Local Yarmouth Highly Cited:Elizabeth Norment, \u0027House of Cards\u0027 and stage actress, dies at 61Los Angeles Times Wikipedia:Deaths in 2014 See all 93 sources » Related Elizabeth Norment » House of Cards » Us Weekly4 hours ago  -  Google+ House of Cards actress Elizabeth Norment (who played Kevin Spacey\u0027s executive secretary) has died at 61: http://usm.ag/1nNRyTr House of Cards Actress Elizabeth Norment Dies at Age 61Broadway World  - ?20 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage What 10 hours of street harassment in NYC looks like CNN  - ?1 hour ago? (CNN) -- \"God bless you, mami,\". \"Hey baby.\" \"DAMN.\" \"You don\u0027t wanna talk?\" This is just a sampling of what one woman in jeans and a t-shirt experienced in 10 hours of walking though the streets of New York City. Related Woman » Sexual harassment » New York City » Watch worrying video of woman being harassed by men while walking silently ...Mirror.co.uk Woman harassed 108 times in 10 hours on NYC streetsNew York Post Trending on Google+:Woman Walking Around NYC Gets Catcalled 108 Times in One DayNew York Magazine Opinion:This Woman Was Catcalled Over 100 Times In One Day In New York City -- And ...MTV.com In Depth:Viral video shows woman harassed more than 100 times in 10-hour spanToday.com See all 97 sources » Related Woman » Sexual harassment » New York City » Newsday2 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Damn!\" \"Smile!\" \"Hey Baby.\"  She heard it all. While walking down New York City streets for 10 hours, this woman was catcalled at least 100 times, a video shows. \"…We want New Yorkers to realize — once and for all — that street harassment isn\u0027t OK\": http://nwsdy.li/10xj2CPCNN  - ?1 hour ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Giants\u0027 World Series Game 6 history SFGate  - ?24 minutes ago? Sections. SFGatevisit|Home|navigation-www|1 · SFGatevisit|Home|navigation-www|1 · Contact SFGateopen|Home-Contact SFGate|navigation-www|1 · About SFGateopen|Home-About SFGate|navigation-www|2 · About SF Chronicleopen|Home-About SF ... Related San Francisco Giants » Kansas City Royals » World Series » Nightengale: Hunter Pence using World Series as his pulpitUSA TODAY Photo gallery: World Series game 6, Royals vs. Giants, early inningsKansas City Star Opinion:Observations and opinions from the World SeriesBoston Globe Live Updating:World Series Games 6 live updates, chat: San Francisco Giants vs. Kansas City ...The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com See all 1,193 sources » Related San Francisco Giants » Kansas City Royals » World Series » FOX 5 San Diego / KSWB2 hours ago  -  Google+ Watch Kansas City Royals take on San Francisco Giants in the World Series TONIGHT on Fox 5! Coverage starts at 4:30 p.m.SFGate  - ?24 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Every Spurs fan gets a championship ring opening night FOXSports.com  - ?1 hour ago? SAN ANTONIO -- Tim Duncan and the San Antonio Spurs aren\u0027t the only ones getting championship rings Tuesday night. All 18,000-plus in attendance at the AT\u0026T Center for the season opener against the Dallas Mavericks got their own replica to take home. Related San Antonio Spurs » National Basketball Association » Dallas Mavericks » After jewel of season, Spurs get ringsNBA.com (blog) Kawhi Leonard: (Eye) Expects To Return Nov. 5Rotowire Opinion:This Is How One Woman Is Going To Make History In The NBA TonightMTV.com In Depth:Spurs, Mavs tip off NBA seasonSports Network See all 271 sources » Related San Antonio Spurs » National Basketball Association » Dallas Mavericks » Dallas Mavericks11 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s finally here! #MavsGameDay! Mavs take on the + San Antonio Spurs  in the NBA Season Opener tonight at 7PM CST on TNT! We\u0027re ready, are you? #DALatSAS  FOXSports.com  - ?1 hour ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Report: Hockey great Gordie Howe suffers stroke USA TODAY  - ?30 minutes ago? Hockey great Gordie Howe is resting after suffering a \"pretty bad\" stroke in Texas on Sunday, his son told the Detroit News. Related Gordie Howe » National Hockey League » Ice Hockey » Report: Former Detroit Red Wings great Gordie Howe suffers \u0027serious stroke\u0027MLive.com Gordie Howe resting after suffering \u0027serious\u0027 stroke: reportCBC.ca Opinion:Report: Gordie Howe Suffered \"Serious\" StrokeDeadspin In Depth:Gordie Howe suffers serious stroke in TexasCTV News See all 54 sources » Related Gordie Howe » National Hockey League » Ice Hockey »USA TODAY  - ?30 minutes ago?Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage Bailey calls it a career after 15 years in NFL Kansas City Star  - ?53 minutes ago? Former teammate Brian Dawkins called Champ Bailey \"a great conserver of energy,\" a rare superstar who was never in a rush to get anywhere \"unless it was on a football field. Related Champ Bailey » National Football League » Champ Bailey is a True ChampPredominantly Orange Folkston native, former Georgia Bulldog Champ Bailey retires from NFLFlorida Times-Union Opinion:Champ Bailey Retires From NFLRealGM.com See all 141 sources » Related Champ Bailey » National Football League »Kansas City Star  - ?53 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Buccaneers trade safety Mark Barron to Rams for picks NFL.com  - ?14 minutes ago? Tampa Bay announced that its starting safety has been shipped to the St. Louis Rams ahead of Tuesday\u0027s 4 p.m. ET trade deadline. Related Mark Barron » Tampa Bay Buccaneers » Buccaneers trade Mark Barron, linebacker at deadlineUSA TODAY NFL trade deadline: Mark Barron to Rams, Jonathan Casillas to PatriotsLos Angeles Times Wikipedia:Mark Barron See all 116 sources » Related Mark Barron » Tampa Bay Buccaneers »NFL.com  - ?14 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Giant tortoises rally from near extinction on Galapagos island Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservationists said on Tuesday they have brought giant tortoises found on the Galapagos island of Espanola back from the brink of extinction, gaining a foothold strong enough to allow humans to leave the reptiles alone. Related Galápagos Islands » After 40 years Giant Tortoise makes population recovery on island of EspanolaThe Hoops News Giant tortoises making a comeback on Galapagos IslandsUPI.com Highly Cited:Giant Tortoises Gain a Foothold on a Galapagos IslandSUNY-ESF Headlines In Depth:Galapagos Giant Tortoise Brought Back From Brink of ExtinctionNewsweek See all 31 sources » Related Galápagos Islands » Irina Tcherednichenko4 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Where once there were 15, now more than 1,000 giant tortoises lumber around Espanola, one of the Galapagos Islands . After 40 years\u0027 work reintroducing captive animals, a detailed study… of the island\u0027s ecosystem has confirmed it has a stable, breeding population. Numbers had dwindled drastically by the 1960s, but now the danger of extinction on Espanola appears to have passed. [...] Lead author Prof James Gibbs told BBC Ne... Giant tortoise \u0027miraculous\u0027 recoveryReuters  - ?2 hours ago?CapitalbergSee realtime coverage Population Control Will Not Resolve Imperative Environmental Issues, Study ... Capitalberg  - ?39 minutes ago? Corey Bradshaw and Barry Brook conducted a new study stating; population control by itself cannot resolve the imperative environmental issues and consumption must be reduced. Related World » Sustainability » Population explosion is unstoppable, say scientistsTimes of India Even a World War III Will Be Insufficient To Control Human PopulationDiabetes Insider Highly Cited:Population controls \u0027will not solve environment issues\u0027BBC News Trending on Google+:Global overpopulation would \u0027withstand war, disasters and disease\u0027The Guardian In Depth:Stop pretending we can fix the environment by curbing population growthWashington Post (blog) See all 74 sources » Related World » Sustainability »Capitalberg  - ?39 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage \u0027We Just Take It Day by Day\u0027: Unpredictability of Lava Frays Nerves in Pahoa NBCNews.com  - ?4 minutes ago? The waiting is the hardest part as lava from Hawaii\u0027s Kilauea volcano creeps slowly through the community of Pahoa, where residents never know from hour to hour whether they should pack up and leave, even as they can hear the crackle and hiss of gases ... Related Hawaii » Volcanoes » River of lava crackles, creeps toward Hawaii townThe Seattle Times Photos: Hawaii volcanoLongview Daily News Trending on Google+:Lava flow inches closer to homes in Hawaiian communityCNN In Depth:Hawaii lava flow moves roughly 70 yards from nearest residenceFox News See all 1,955 sources » Related Hawaii » Volcanoes » In Focus7 hours ago  -  Google+ Lava Flow Threatens Pahoa, Hawaii - 26 photos - http://goo.gl/pI0Rwf - On June 27, a new lava flow emerged from Hawaii\u0027s Kilauea Volcano, flowing to the northeast at a rate varying from 2 meters per hour up to 15 me…ters per hour. In the months since, the \"June 27 breakout\" lava flow has crossed more than 12 miles and now threatens the small town of Pahoa. The molten rock has already claimed acres of forest, several roads and small farm buildings, and ...NBCNews.com  - ?4 minutes ago?KUMVSee realtime coverage Google Celebrates Creator of Polio Vaccine KUMV  - ?1 hour ago? If you\u0027ve been on Google today you may have noticed the logo has changed. The change was done in honor of Dr. Jonas Salk, who would have turned 100 today. Related Jonas Salk » Polio vaccine » Creator of Polio Vaccine Would Have Turned 100 on TuesdayKMBZ Jonas Salk, creator of polio vaccine, celebrates 100th birthdayThe Michigan Daily (blog) Trending on Google+:Jonas Salk Google doodle: a good reminder of the power of vaccinesThe Guardian See all 143 sources » Related Jonas Salk » Polio vaccine » Subrato Paul7 hours ago  -  Google+ Google doodle marks the 100th birth anniversary of Jonas Salk, who pioneered the first polio vaccine. Jonas Edward Salk (October 28, 1914 - June 23, 1995) was an American medical researcher and virol…ogist. He discovered and developed the first successful inactivated polio vaccine.KUMV  - ?1 hour ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Supportive care may help American Ebola patients survive USA TODAY  - ?53 minutes ago? Nurse Amber Vinson\u0027s discharge from the hospital Tuesday brings to seven the number of American patients who have survived Ebola, leading many people to wonder what has allowed them to beat the odds. Related Ebola » Why Americans are beating Ebola – and most Africans are not?KSDK Ebola: Three reasons why most US patients have survivedCBS News See all 12 sources » Related Ebola » Lorna Salgado4 hours ago  -  Google+ Why people without symptoms aren’t going to give you Ebola Fear of Ebola has put many on high alert and there is increasing anxiety about the possibility of individuals with minimal exposure and no… symptoms introducing the virus into communities – people such as Craig Spencer, the doctor who contracted Ebola while working in Guinea who then went bowling and rode the subway in New York before exhibiting symptoms. Fear has kept people away fr... Why people without symptoms aren’t going to give you EbolaUSA TODAY  - ?53 minutes ago?Today 81° 50° Wed 61° 37° Thu 54° 34° Fri 55° 34° -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":29,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":36,"second":52},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
