{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentA Black Friday CampoutAl Qaeda in Yemen rebukes ISISParalyzed Marine With Robotic Leg Braces Receives Bronze StarNHL  NBA  NHL  NBA  NFL  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania »Execution warrant signed for Phila. man who killed Officer Lauretha VairdClark\u0027s 15 lead USC past Drexel 72-70St. Joe Prep\u0027s Jake Strain Upholding Tradition WellEditors\u0027 PicksMystery of deaths of 2 children, wounding of third and motherSchool chief wants China to invest in Chester-UplandNo move among Temple trustees to act on CosbyHis dream season follows personal nightmareGov.-elect Tom Wolf fills out transition teamSpotlight »Dear Parent: About THAT KidWhat I Discovered by Visiting Every Disney ParkHere\u0027s the 1969 Bill Cosby Routine About Wanting to Drug Women\u0027s DrinksJonathan Gruber: Success of insurance marketplaces hinges on competitionKeeping Up With Kendall JennerBehind Tomb Connected to Alexander the Great, Intrigue Worthy of \"Game of ...Shirtstorm: Casual Sexism and the Inevitable Horrid Backlash When It\u0027s Called Out\u0027One Problem With Skate Skiing: It\u0027s Hard\u00275 Takeaways From Huge Once-a-Decade Gathering on World\u0027s Protected AreasThere\u0027s a Suicide Epidemic in Utah — And One Neuroscientist Thinks He Knows ...What Normal Looks LikeMike Nichols, Urbane Director Loved by Crowds and Critics, Dies at 83Most popularThe Immigrants Obama Left OutCosby shows in Vegas and Reno canceled, postponedFBI Sends Teams to Ferguson Ahead of Michael Brown Grand Jury DecisionMore Signs of Florida Shooter\u0027s Troubled LifeWindow washer survives 11-story plunge from SF buildingHealth: Study Says Drinking A Lot Does Not Make You An AlcoholicRising Temperatures Could Cause Flooding in Snow-Covered BuffaloHunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1: The story splinters but the camera never ...Sources To CBS2: Officer Accidentally Shot Unarmed Man While Opening Door ...Agency: Schools helped Lanza\u0027s mom \u0027appease\u0027 him","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesObama seeks support for immigration plan, blasts BoehnerReport: No \u0027excuse for violence\u0027 in Ferguson, Obama saysOn Keystone and the NSA, Clinton Remains QuietNFL report: Free tickets for Bills-Jets game in DetroitEbola-related events in the United States and responseEuropean Parliament may propose Google break-up in draft resolutionWorld »Rochester by-election: An expression of voters\u0027 rage that is unlikely to dissipateUS, Iran discussing new ideas to break nuclear impasse: sourcesBiden denounces Russia, but says Ukraine must do more to clean up its ...Israeli-Palestinian conflict shifts ominously toward religious warJoe Biden Visits Turkey in Attempt to Heal Rift on Fighting the Islamic StateU.S. »Window washer survives 11-story plunge from SF buildingHighlights From Report on Newtown School ShooterMore Signs of Florida Shooter\u0027s Troubled LifeDes Moines struggling to clean nitrates from drinking water blamed on farming ...Business »In Change of Strategy, China Cuts Interest RateFed Plans to Tighten Commodities Rules for BanksWhere to score the best deals on Black FridayTechnology »Nintendo Tries to Energize Wii U Sales With Amiibo ToysYes, the Nexus 6 is a great phone, but I\u0027m buying a Moto X 2014Samsung Galaxy Note Edge launch delayed until December 12th in the UKHate ads? Pay Google to block them for youEntertainment »Beginning of end for \u0027Hunger Games\u0027Two more women accuse Bill Cosby of sexual attacksSports »NFLPA rails against selection of Peterson appeals officerKings put together statement win over BullsScience »Bizarre space object could confirm Einstein\u0027s general theory of relativityBetter Barley Let People Settle Tibetan PlateauHealth »Nestle Researchers May Come up with Fat-Burning DrinkResearch in Michigan: A bad marriage could literally break your heartPricey Generics Draw Senate ScrutinyRecentPhiladelphia, Pennsylvania »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"OCT NOV DEC 22 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpOCT NOV DEC 22 2013 2014 2015OCT NOV DEC222013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ReutersSee realtime coverage Obama seeks support for immigration plan, blasts Boehner Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) denounces the executive order on immigration made by U.S. President Barack Obama during a statement on Capitol Hill in Washington November 21, 2014. Related Immigration » Lack of immigration plan flusters GOPPolitico Politics|House GOP Files Lawsuit In Battling Health LawNew York Times Featured:Is Obama\u0027s immigration action legal? A Q\u0026A. (+video)Christian Science Monitor Opinion:Letting us in on an immigration secretWashington Post In Depth:Immigration reform: Who qualifies and who doesn\u0027t?Los Angeles Times See all 11,389 sources » Related Immigration » Chicago Tribune1 hour ago  -  Google+ Local immigrants hope Obama action brings sense of peace The president\u0027s executive action to revise parts of the U.S. immigration system, announced in a prime time address Thursday night, provid…es the family relief. Under the plan, undocumented members of families who have lived with the threat of seeing their homes fractured by deportation — have a chance to remain in the U.S. without fear of the authorities for at least three years. CNN CNNObama: Immigration system feels unfair Obama: Immigration system feels unfair - CNN CNN CNNObama responds to heckler during immigration speech Obama responds to heckler during immigration speech - CNN CNN CNNHouse GOP sues White House over Obamacare House GOP sues White House over Obamacare - CNN North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Obama defied congressional Republicans by announcing a plan that shields up ... Fortune Fortune Obama touts immigration actions in Las Vegas ABC News ABC News Obama Spurns GOP With Expansive Immigration Orders Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Sun Nevada leaders weigh in on Obama\u0027s immigration plan SFGate SFGate New enforcement focus in Obama\u0027s immigration plan NPR (blog) NPR (blog) 7 Questions About The President\u0027s Immigration Plan Answered ABC News ABC News Does Obama Have Authority for Immigration Changes? Getty Images Getty Images Obama Discusses His Immigration Plan At Visit To Las Vegas High School Detroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Report: No \u0027excuse for violence\u0027 in Ferguson, Obama says CNN  - ?30 minutes ago? Your video will begin momentarily. STORY HIGHLIGHTS. NEW: President Barack Obama says violence is contrary \"to who we are\"; FBI sends extra personnel to the St. Louis area, official says; The Ferguson police officer who and killed Michael Brown says ... Related Ferguson » Shooting of Michael Brown » Police » Officials: Ferguson area is prepared for protestsUSA TODAY Ferguson \u0027On Edge\u0027 and Worried, Brown Family Lawyer SaysABC News Opinion:Ferguson Protesters Harass Black Police, Call for Darren Wilsons DeathDaily Beast In Depth:Officials Detail Rules for Police Handling of Ferguson ProtestsWall Street Journal See all 2,029 sources » Related Ferguson » Shooting of Michael Brown » Police » RT America46 minutes ago  -  Google+ Whatever the decision of the Ferguson grand jury turns out to be, the police officer at the center of shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown is negotiating with city officials to resign. Ferguson police officer who killed Michael Brown reportedly set to resign —... The New YorkerSee realtime coverage On Keystone and the NSA, Clinton Remains Quiet The New Yorker  - ?32 minutes ago? On Friday, Ready for Hillary, a super PAC that has been described as “a make-work program for former Clinton hands,” and that is busy building a database of donors and volunteers that the group will eventually sell or rent to an official Clinton campaign, held ... Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Democratic Party » Democrats preparing for Hillary Clinton campaignWicked Local Dighton Hillary Clinton Supporters See an Especially Tight Race in 2016Wall Street Journal (blog) In Depth:Hillary\u0027s 2016 Campaign is Ready, Hypothetically SpeakingTIME See all 189 sources » Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Democratic Party » Washington PostSee realtime coverage NFL report: Free tickets for Bills-Jets game in Detroit Los Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago? There will be free football in Detroit on Monday night. Fans are being offered free tickets to the NFL game that was moved to Ford Field from snow-plagued Buffalo. Related Buffalo Bills » New York Jets » National Football League » Bills Face Must-Win Game Against JetsESPN Detroit Feels Like Paradise to the JetsWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Buffalo Bills offer fans money, tickets to shovel out stadiumCBS News Opinion:Doug Marrone, Buffalo Bills talk to media before flying to Detroit (transcript)Syracuse.com In Depth:Bills escape snowbound Buffalo to prepare to face Jets at DetroitFox News See all 1,936 sources » Related Buffalo Bills » New York Jets » National Football League » Fox News2 hours ago  -  Google+ Snowed out in Buffalo, the Bills are heading to Detroit to play their \"home\" game against the New York Jets on Monday night. http://ow.ly/EH49L NFL reschedules Sunday\u0027s Buffalo Bills game for Monday night in Detroit SalonSee realtime coverage Ebola-related events in the United States and response Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? (Reuters) - Health agencies around the world are grappling with the worst Ebola epidemic since the virus was identified in 1976. The following is a chronology of events in the United States and the government\u0027s response at home and abroad from the time the ... Related Ebola virus disease » Sierra Leone » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ebola threatens global security: BishopThe Australian Ebola \u0027a threat to international peace and security\u0027, says Julie BishopThe Guardian Highly Cited:An NPR Photographer Looks Ebola In The EyeNPR (blog) In Depth:Ebola Epidemic Not Even Close to Over, UN Officials SayNBCNews.com Wikipedia:Ebola virus epidemic in Sierra Leone See all 998 sources » Related Ebola virus disease » Sierra Leone » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » CBC News2 hours ago  -  Google+ A Cuban doctor who contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone arrived in Switzerland for treatment and was able to walk off the transport plane, a Geneva medical official said Friday. Felix Baez Sarria arrived… on a flight overnight and was transported in a specially outfitted ambulance with a police escort to Geneva University Hospital. Ebola outbreak: results uneven, UN chief says Financial PostSee realtime coverage European Parliament may propose Google break-up in draft resolution Reuters  - ?50 minutes ago? Nov 21 (Reuters) - The European Parliament is preparing a non-binding resolution that proposes splitting Google Inc\u0027s search engine operations in Europe from the rest of its business as one possible option to rein in the Internet company\u0027s dominance in the ... Related Google » European Parliament » European Union » EU may call for Google breakupLos Angeles Times Europe may ask Herr Google: Would you snap off your search engine?Register Highly Cited:Google break-up plan emerges from BrusselsFinancial Times Trending on Google+:European Parliament to call for breakup of Google, report saysCNET See all 95 sources » Related Google » European Parliament » European Union » CNET2 hours ago  -  Google+ The European Parliament will reportedly call for a separation of Google\u0027s search business from the rest of the company. European Parliament to call for breakup of Google, report says - CNET World » The IndependentSee realtime coverage Rochester by-election: An expression of voters\u0027 rage that is unlikely to dissipate The Independent  - ?32 minutes ago? Yesterday the Conservatives resorted to the old clichés about by-elections being a mid-term protest as they expressed confidence they would regain Rochester and Strood from Ukip\u0027s Mark Reckless at next May\u0027s general election. Related UK Independence Party » Conservative Party » Mark Reckless » Philip Hollobone tipped as next Conservative MP to defect to UkipTelegraph.co.uk In blow to PM Cameron, UKIP wins second parliamentary seatDaily Times From United Kingdom:Eurosceptic Tories urge David Cameron to put pressure on Nigel FarageDaily Mail Trending on Google+:Rochester: Farage looks to more UKIP gains after successBBC News Opinion:Rochester byelection: beliefs of Ukip voters are soaked in leftwing populismThe Guardian Wikipedia:Rochester and Strood by-election, 2014 See all 810 sources » Related UK Independence Party » Conservative Party » Mark Reckless » The Christian Science Monitor8 hours ago  -  Google+ The British anti-immigration party #UKIP easily won its second seat in #Parliament on Friday, striking an embarrassing blow to Prime Minister David #Cameron’s #Conservative Party. Mark #Reckless, the second Conservative to leave the party and wi…n a seat for the U.K. Independence Party in the last two months, won 42 percent of the vote in a special by-election in Rochester and Strood in southern England. With 16,869 votes, Mr. Reckless came nearly 3,000 votes ahead of the Conservative Party ... UKIP wins 2nd seat in British Parliament. How big a blow to Cameron? ReutersSee realtime coverage US, Iran discussing new ideas to break nuclear impasse: sources Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif are discussing new ideas aimed at breaking the deadlock in nuclear talks between Tehran and six world powers, sources close to the talks said on ... Related John Kerry » Iran » Kerry Meets With Zarif, Ashton In ViennaPayvand Many Iranians pessimistic about reaching deal to ease sanctionsLos Angeles Times Highly Cited:Remarks at a Solo Press AvailabilityUS Department of State (press release) From Iran:Iran Criticizes IAEA for Biased ReportFars News Agency In Depth:As deadline nears for Iran nuclear talks, how will opponents of a deal react?Christian Science Monitor Wikipedia:Comprehensive agreement on Iranian nuclear program See all 2,128 sources » Related John Kerry » Iran » The Boston Globe4 hours ago  -  Google+ US Secretary of State John Kerry canceled plans to pull back from talks with Iran about the country’s nuclear program http://ow.ly/EGQgZ SalonSee realtime coverage Biden denounces Russia, but says Ukraine must do more to clean up its ... Washington Post  - ?11 minutes ago? KIEV, Ukraine - Vice President Biden denounced Russian behavior in eastern Ukraine as “a flagrant violation” of the international system here Friday, and he called elections held by Russian-backed Ukrainian separatists early this month a ... Related Joe Biden » Ukraine » Biden Assails Russian Intervention in Ukraine as \u0027Unacceptable\u0027New York Times Biden tells Russia that US will never accept Crimea annexationLos Angeles Times From Ukraine:Mashable: The Ukrainian revolution, one year onKyiv Post Trending on Google+:\u0027Shame on you!\u0027 Ukrainian president booed by protesters on Maidan (VIDEO ...RT In Depth:Ukraine crisis: President Petro Poroshenko heckled by relatives of 100 killed in ...ABC Online See all 611 sources » Related Joe Biden » Ukraine » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Israeli-Palestinian conflict shifts ominously toward religious war Los Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago? Guarded by a phalanx of riot police, the knot of young Jewish men, long sidelocks blowing in the breeze, strode across the paved esplanade of Jerusalem\u0027s most sensitive religious site. Related Israel » Palestinian people » Israel to demolish more Palestinian homes in W BankPress TV PA chief warns against resorting to \u0027religious war\u0027Jerusalem Post From Israel:20 top reasons why the right beats the left in the battle for IsraelHaaretz (blog) Trending on Google+:Palestinian Authority accuses Hamas of plotting against it from Turkish ...Fox News Opinion:How Israel Teaches Its Citizens All the Wrong LessonsSlate Magazine In Depth:Uneasy calm descends on Jerusalem despite scattered overnight attacksAl Jazeera America See all 999 sources » Related Israel » Palestinian people » AlterNet47 minutes ago  -  Google+ PHOTOS: Israeli Police Ransack Homes of 40 Palestinians During al-Shaludi Home Demolition Israeli police ransacked seven apartments and urinated inside one while demolishing the Silwan apartment of …Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi, 21, the Palestinian motorist from East Jerusalem who killed a three-month old Israeli-American Chaya Zissel and one Ecuadoran tourist in a light rail attack in Jerusalem on October 22, 2014. PHOTOS: Israeli Police Ransack Homes of 40 Palestinians During al-Shaludi... Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Joe Biden Visits Turkey in Attempt to Heal Rift on Fighting the Islamic State VICE News  - ?2 hours ago? US Vice President Joe Biden is traveling to Turkey today in an attempt to repair an increasingly strained relationship between the countries and persuade Ankara to play a larger role in the fight against Islamic State militants in neighboring Syria. Related Turkey » Joe Biden » Syria » US, Turkey Still Not in Sync on SyriaABC News Biden visits Turkey pushing for help in anti-IS campaignChannel News Asia From Turkey:US wants Turkey\u0027s boots on the groundHurriyet Daily News In Depth:Jihadis launch major assault on Ramadi, Biden visits TurkeyThe Daily Star See all 338 sources » Related Turkey » Joe Biden » Syria » More World stories U.S. » Chron.comSee realtime coverage Window washer survives 11-story plunge from SF building Chron.com  - ?25 minutes ago? Instagram user radiopadraic posted this photo showing a car that a worker landed on after falling off a building near Montgomery and California streets in San Francisco on on Friday, November 21, 2014. Related Windows » San Francisco » Window washer falls 11 stories, smashes into moving car in SFLos Angeles Times San Francisco window washer falls onto moving carSanta Cruz Sentinel Trending on Google+:Window Washer Survives 11-Story Fall From Building in San Francisco\u0027s ...NBC Bay Area See all 153 sources » Related Windows » San Francisco » News 134 hours ago  -  Google+ Police say a San Francisco window washer is in critical condition after falling 11 stories from a rooftop onto a moving car. Window washer critical after 11-story fall in California Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Highlights From Report on Newtown School Shooter ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Some highlights from Friday\u0027s 114-page report from the Connecticut Office of Child Advocate that looked into the history of Newtown school shooter Adam Lanza: ? Related Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting » Schools » Sandy Hook Shooter Adam Lanza\u0027s Early Problems Should Have Kept Him ...International Business Times Office of the Child Advocate releases new report on Sandy Hook shooterQ13 FOX In Depth:5 Disturbing Things We Learned Today About Sandy Hook Shooter Adam ..WLS-TV See all 354 sources » Related Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting » Schools » Yahoo News5 hours ago  -  Google+ The school system unwittingly enabled #AdamLanza\u0027s mother to \"accommodate and appease\" him as he became more withdrawn socially, according to a state report issued on the man who carried out the 2…012 massacre at #SandyHook Elementary School. ABC NewsSee realtime coverage More Signs of Florida Shooter\u0027s Troubled Life ABC News  - ?9 minutes ago? A man who shot three people at a Florida State University library complained to police and property managers in New Mexico that cameras were watching him in his apartment and that he heard voices talking about and laughing at him, according to police ... Related Florida State University » Florida » Florida State shooting suspect sent package to friends: copsNew York Daily News Packages from Florida State shooter seized by fedsWJLA Trending on Google+:Gunman who shot 3 at Florida State University was former student, lawyer, law ...Fox News See all 2,897 sources » Related Florida State University » Florida » Spiritual Science Research Foundation4 hours ago  -  Google+ 3 shot at Florida State University before gunman killed by police Gunshots rattled a peaceful, packed Florida State University library early Thursday, with three students getting hurt as hundreds mor…e huddled between bookshelves before police encountered and killed the gunman outside. Meanwhile, investigators are surveying the scene and interviewing witnesses -- trying to determine exactly what happened and for what reason, something that Talla... Chron.comSee realtime coverage Des Moines struggling to clean nitrates from drinking water blamed on farming ... Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?5 hours ago? DES MOINES, Iowa - Two rivers that supply water to 500,000 people in the Des Moines area show nitrate levels spiking to levels that make it unsafe for some to drink, a concentration experts haven\u0027t before seen in the fall that likely stems from especially wet ... Des Moines Struggling With Nitrates In WaterWTXL ABC 27 See all 67 sources » Related: Des Moines » Nitrates » More U.S. stories Business » Moneycontrol.comSee realtime coverage In Change of Strategy, China Cuts Interest Rate New York Times  - ?10 minutes ago? A job fair in Shanghai on Thursday. China\u0027s interest rate cut reflects concern that the economy is growing too slowly. Credit Carlos Barria/Reuters. Related European Central Bank » Mario Draghi » China interest rate cut lifts Wall Street to record highThe Australian China, Europe face slowdown, while inflation ticks up in North AmericaThe Globe and Mail Opinion:US stocks gain on Chinese rate cut, Draghi comments; Dow rises 0.51%Moneycontrol.com In Depth:Central Banks Move to Boost Global GrowthWall Street Journal See all 1,427 sources » Related European Central Bank » Mario Draghi » RTTNews4 hours ago  -  Google+ Crude Oil Ends Higher After China Rate Cut, Draghi Comments - U.S. crude oil ended higher for a second straight session Friday, as China moved to prop up its sagging economy with an unexpected interes…t rate cut and on comments by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi on additional stimulus, notwithstanding a strong dollar. http://ow.ly/2R11Ly Crude Oil Ends Higher After China Rate Cut, Draghi Comments New York TimesSee realtime coverage Fed Plans to Tighten Commodities Rules for Banks New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Photo. Daniel K. Tarullo, a Fed governor, testified on Friday before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Related Federal Reserve System » Federal Reserve Bank of New York » Senators challenge NY Fed\u0027s bank oversightUSA TODAY Lawmakers Lambaste New York Fed Chief on Lax Oversight -- Update 1Nasdaq In Depth:Elizabeth Warren Grills William Dudley Over \u0027Cultural Problem\u0027 At New York FedForbes See all 199 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Federal Reserve Bank of New York » ForbesSee realtime coverage Where to score the best deals on Black Friday Chron.com  - ?4 hours ago? If you\u0027re a Walmart-only shopper, it may not be worth the time or effort to battle crowds on Black Friday. A study by Wallethub released this week found that the discount retailer has some of the smallest markdowns compared to other stores, at an average of ... Related Black Friday » Dow, S\u0026P 500 set record highs again; JCPenney tops Black Friday deals list ...cleveland.com Top 10 Stores For Best Black Friday Deals (Surprise: Not Walmart!)Forbes See all 62 sources » Related Black Friday » More Business stories Technology » Entertainment WeeklySee realtime coverage Nintendo Tries to Energize Wii U Sales With Amiibo Toys New York Times  - ?33 minutes ago? Nintendo\u0027s Amiibo figurines are of popular characters like Donkey Kong, Mario and Pikachu. Credit Tony Cenicola/The New York Times. Related Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U » Wii U » Hunting a Bengal Tiger in Far Cry 4IGN Super Smash Bros Wii U debut: watch real gameplay nowSlashGear In Depth:Nintendo Launches Super Smash Bros Charm OffensiveTechNewsWorld See all 372 sources » Related Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U » Wii U » SlashGear2 hours ago  -  Google+ Today Nintendo released Super Smash Bros for Wii U, the fifth installment in the series and close companion to Super Smash Bros for Nintendo 3DS. While the video game streaming service Twitch is not n…ative to the Wii U, several means of transmission allow… Super Smash Bros Wii U debut: watch real gameplay now - SlashGear GigaomSee realtime coverage Yes, the Nexus 6 is a great phone, but I\u0027m buying a Moto X 2014 Gigaom  - ?3 hours ago? Last night I returned from our Gigaom Roadmap event, traveling from San Francisco to my home office in Pennsylvania. And as soon as I got back, I started thinking about how the Nexus 6 handled the trip. Related Google Nexus » T-Mobile US, Inc. » Nexus 6: AT\u0026T Recalls Early Units For Software Bug; Delay Coming For Fixed ...Design \u0026 Trend AT\u0026T Nexus 6 Bug Prompts Smartphone Returns to MotorolaTech Times Trending on Google+:AT\u0026T\u0027s Nexus 6 stock is being returned to Motorola because of faulty software ...Phandroid.com See all 134 sources » Related Google Nexus » T-Mobile US, Inc. » dpreview3 hours ago  -  Google+ Google Nexus 6 DxOMark Mobile Report - The Nexus 6 is Google\u0027s showcase phone for Android 5.0 \u0027Lollipop\u0027 and the first Nexus device made by Motorola. It comes with a dual-LED ring flash, a… 13MP sensor with a fast F2.0 aperture, optical image stabilization and 4K video recording. DxOMark Mobile put the Nexus 6 through its image quality tests and has just published the results. Read more http://ow.ly/2R1aEp Google Nexus 6 DxOMark Mobile Report India TodaySee realtime coverage Samsung Galaxy Note Edge launch delayed until December 12th in the UK Engadget  - ?4 hours ago? We\u0027ve a bit of bad news for anyone who wanted to pick up Samsung\u0027s unusual Galaxy Note Edge next week. We knew something was up when the original pre-order date of November 14th rolled around and the curved curiosity was a no-show. iPhone 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Notes: Final impressionsCNET See all 143 sources » Related: Samsung Group » Android » Samsung Galaxy S5 » Android Central6 hours ago  -  Google+ We usually like to have control, but in this case Auto Brightness is the key It\u0027s no secret that Samsung made some serious steps forward in display technology with the Galaxy Note 4, boosting reso…lution, colors and brightness to the highest levels we\u0027ve seen from one of its phones. The… #android Here\u0027s how you make your Galaxy Note 4\u0027s display usable in direct sunlight WiredSee realtime coverage Hate ads? Pay Google to block them for you CNET  - ?3 hours ago? Google is testing an ad-blocker service, Amazon may be inserting ads into streaming video, and Comcast lets you track the cable guy. Related Google » Websites » Google Contributor subscription service supports sites and hides ads. Can it work?Christian Science Monitor New Google service will block ads -- for a feeCBS News Highly Cited:Google Contributor will let you pay a monthly fee to see select websites without ...The Verge Opinion:Ads got you down? With Google Contributor you can pay to remove themPCWorld In Depth:Google Contributor may be an elaborate experiment to prove people prefer ads ...VentureBeat See all 191 sources » Related Google » Websites » More Technology stories Entertainment » U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Beginning of end for \u0027Hunger Games\u0027 U-T San Diego  - ?42 minutes ago? In this image released by Lionsgate, Jennifer Lawrence portrays Katniss Everdeen in a scene from \"The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.\" (AP Photo/Lionsgate, Murray Close) The Associated Press ... Related The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 » Jennifer Lawrence » Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1: The story splinters but the camera never ...Toronto Star Box Office: \u0027Mockingjay\u0027 Hits Franchise Low Despite No. 1 Opening of the YearVariety Opinion:Jennifer Lawrence Continues to Make the Hunger Games Movies Seem Way ...Slate Magazine Wikipedia:The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 See all 2,437 sources » Related The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 » Jennifer Lawrence » Perez Hilton8 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s Finally HERE! Listen To Jennifer Lawrence Sing The Hanging Tree From The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1! http://ow.ly/2R0nxA It\u0027s Finally HERE! Listen To Jennifer Lawrence Sing The Hanging Tree From The... New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Two more women accuse Bill Cosby of sexual attacks New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? Two more women have accused comedian Bill Cosby of inappropriate sexual behavior ? and one claimed she was an underage teen working with him on a TV show for preschoolers. Related Bill Cosby » Rape » The Cosby Show » Victims\u0027 Advocate Weighs In On Local Woman\u0027s Allegations Against CosbyCBS Local Drummond: Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations finally getting deserved attentionContra Costa Times Trending on Google+:Bill Cosby -- Vegas Casino Pulls the Plug on ConcertTMZ.com Opinion:Rape allegations hurt Bill Cosby but sail past Bill ClintonBoston Globe Wikipedia:Bill Cosby See all 5,208 sources » Related Bill Cosby » Rape » The Cosby Show » More Entertainment stories Sports » Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage NFLPA rails against selection of Peterson appeals officer USA TODAY  - ?45 minutes ago? NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell won\u0027t hear the appeal of Adrian Peterson\u0027s suspension. But the NFL Players Association isn\u0027t happy with who will. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Ray Ratto: \u0027There Is No Precedent In The NFL\u0027CBSSports.com NFL to hear Peterson\u0027s appeal Dec. 2HeraldNet Trending on Google+:Adrian Peterson -- I\u0027ll Never Use a Switch AgainTMZ.com Opinion:Adrian Peterson insists he\u0027s changed, uncertain of Vikings futureSB Nation In Depth:NFL taps former league executive to hear Peterson appealReuters See all 390 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » LocalNews8.comSee realtime coverage Kings put together statement win over Bulls LocalNews8.com  - ?5 hours ago? The Sacramento Kings\u0027 early success this season has not been a product of anything complicated. At least, that\u0027s their coach\u0027s take. Related Chicago Bulls » DeMarcus Cousins Should Be Considered A Legitimate MVP CandidateRantSports Joakim Noah threw tantrum after being called for foul (Video)Larry Brown Sports See all 235 sources » Related Chicago Bulls » More Sports stories Science » Viral Global NewsSee realtime coverage Bizarre space object could confirm Einstein\u0027s general theory of relativity Christian Science Monitor  - ?5 hours ago? Scientists believe a mysteriously bright object in a galaxy 90 million light-years away could be a rogue black hole evicted during the merger of two galaxies. Potential Black Hole Discovered 2600 Light Years from Its Galaxy\u0027s CoreViral Global News Strange Light: Is it a Recoiling Black Hole, or a Massive Supernova?Design \u0026 Trend Trending on Google+:Mystery Object in Space: A Rogue Black Hole or Strange Supernova?Space.com See all 73 sources » Universe Today10 hours ago  -  Google+ New Simulation Offers Stunning Images of Black Hole Merger A black hole is an extraordinarily massive, improbably dense knot of spacetime that makes a living swallowing or slinging away any morsel o…f energy that strays too close to its dark, twisted core. Anyone fortunate (or unfortunate) enough to directly observe one of these beasts in the wild would immediately notice the way its colossal gravitational field warps all of the light from the s... New York TimesSee realtime coverage Better Barley Let People Settle Tibetan Plateau Scientific American  - ?2 hours ago? Importation of a frost-resistant barley from the Fertile Crescent to Tibet some 3,600 years ago is associated with the advent of settlements at 3,000 meters and more above sea level. Related Barley » Tibetan Plateau » Plateau » Early Tibetans farmed and grown Barley to survive on Mountains for 5200 yearsThe Westside Story Magical grain: Barley enabled Tibetans to live at high altitudesCatholic Online Highly Cited:Living Higher, Thanks to BarleyNew York Times Opinion:Settling in Tibet required a Western importArs Technica See all 88 sources » Related Barley » Tibetan Plateau » Plateau » More Science stories Health » WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage Nestle Researchers May Come up with Fat-Burning Drink WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago? Whether you are fat or fit is usually linked to a certain lifestyle. Getting in shape is highly appreciated precisely because of all the work that lies behind the result. Related Nestlé » Drink » Nestle New Drink Product To Burn Fat: Can We Say Goodbye To Exercise?KDramaStars Forget the gym: Nestle is developing exercise in a BOTTLE in bid to create the ...Daily Mail In Depth:Exercise in a Bottle Is Next Food Frontier for NestleBusinessweek See all 33 sources » Related Nestlé » Drink » MLive.comSee realtime coverage Research in Michigan: A bad marriage could literally break your heart MLive.com  - ?3 hours ago? Marriage might start off happy, but a bad marriage later on in life could literally break your heart, an MSU study shows. (Courtesy of MSU). Related Marriage » Now Trending: An unhappy marriage is bad for your heart, study saysThe Globe and Mail A bad marriage can literally break your heart, especially if you\u0027re a womanWashington Post Highly Cited:Bad marriage, broken heart?MSUToday In Depth:A Bad Marriage Burdens an Aging HeartPhilly.com See all 125 sources » Related Marriage » MLive.com4 hours ago  -  Google+ A bad marriage means a broken heart. Literally: Michigan State University sociologist Hui Liu’s study of married couples in their 70s and 80s shows that older couples in an unhappy marriage have a hig…her risk of heart disease. Read more here: http://bit.ly/14YDpe5 Research in Michigan: A bad marriage could literally break your heart MedPage TodaySee realtime coverage Pricey Generics Draw Senate Scrutiny MedPage Today  - ?6 hours ago? Washington-Watch. Pricey Generics Draw Senate Scrutiny. Published: Nov 21, 2014. By Shannon Firth , Contributing Writer, MedPage Today. Related Drugs » Pharmacist condemns generic price increasesPittsburgh Business Times (blog) Generic Drug Prices Skyrocketing, Lawmakers WarnKTIC See all 19 sources » Related Drugs » More Health stories Get Google News on the go. Try the free app for your phone or tablet. Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent A Black Friday Campout New York Times - 4 minutes ago Al Qaeda in Yemen rebukes ISIS CNN - 12 minutes ago Paralyzed Marine With Robotic Leg Braces Receives Bronze Star NBCNews.com - 10 minutes ago Weather for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Today 37° 25° Sat 43° 36° Sun 54° 55° Mon 72° 50° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. NHL   NYI 3 2 17:20 2P PIT BOS 0 2 17:54 2P CLS NYR - Final BUF NJ 1416623400 EDM NBA   MIL 17 29 2:51 1Q TOR DET 20 25 1:58 1Q ATL PHO 61 37 2:20 2Q PHI ORL 36 46 2:29 2Q CHA BOS 1416618000 MEM SA 1416618000 MIN CLE 1416618000 WAS BKN 1416618000 OKC LAL 1416619800 DAL NO 1416621600 DEN CHI 1416627000 POR UTA 1416627000 GS live match NHL   MIN 3-2 Final PHI NSH 2-3 Final OTT STL 1-4 Final MON TB 2-5 Final TOR DET 4-3 Final WPG ARI 1-3 Final DAL WAS 3-2 Final COL CHI 4-3 Final CGY ANH 3-3 Final VAN CAR 2-3 Final LA FLA 2-2 Final SJ NBA   LAC 110-93 Final MIA CHI 88-103 Final SAC NFL   KC 20-24 Final OAK Philadelphia, Pennsylvania » Execution warrant signed for Phila. man who killed Officer Lauretha Vaird Philly.com - 37 minutes ago Clark\u0027s 15 lead USC past Drexel 72-70 Philly.com - 4 hours ago St. Joe Prep\u0027s Jake Strain Upholding Tradition Well CBS Local - 5 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Mystery of deaths of 2 children, wounding of third and mother Philly Staff School chief wants China to invest in Chester-Upland Philly Staff No move among Temple trustees to act on Cosby Philly Staff His dream season follows personal nightmare Philly Staff Gov.-elect Tom Wolf fills out transition team Philly Staff Learn more Spotlight » Dear Parent: About THAT Kid Huffington Post - Nov 17, 2014 What I Discovered by Visiting Every Disney Park New York Times - 8 hours ago Here\u0027s the 1969 Bill Cosby Routine About Wanting to Drug Women\u0027s Drinks Village Voice (blog) - Nov 17, 2014 Jonathan Gruber: Success of insurance marketplaces hinges on competition PBS NewsHour - 6 hours ago Keeping Up With Kendall Jenner New York Times - 4 hours ago Behind Tomb Connected to Alexander the Great, Intrigue Worthy of \"Game of ... National Geographic - 3 hours ago Shirtstorm: Casual Sexism and the Inevitable Horrid Backlash When It\u0027s Called Out Slate Magazine (blog) - Nov 17, 2014 \u0027One Problem With Skate Skiing: It\u0027s Hard\u0027 New York Times - Nov 20, 2014 5 Takeaways From Huge Once-a-Decade Gathering on World\u0027s Protected Areas National Geographic - 4 hours ago There\u0027s a Suicide Epidemic in Utah — And One Neuroscientist Thinks He Knows ... Mic - Nov 14, 2014 What Normal Looks Like Huffington Post (blog) - Nov 17, 2014 Mike Nichols, Urbane Director Loved by Crowds and Critics, Dies at 83 New York Times - Nov 20, 2014 Most popular The Immigrants Obama Left Out Daily Beast - 6 minutes ago Cosby shows in Vegas and Reno canceled, postponed Kansas City Star - 19 minutes ago FBI Sends Teams to Ferguson Ahead of Michael Brown Grand Jury Decision NBCNews.com - 5 minutes ago More Signs of Florida Shooter\u0027s Troubled Life ABC News - 9 minutes ago Window washer survives 11-story plunge from SF building San Francisco Chronicle - 23 minutes ago Health: Study Says Drinking A Lot Does Not Make You An Alcoholic CBS Local - 1 hour ago Rising Temperatures Could Cause Flooding in Snow-Covered Buffalo NBCNews.com - 11 minutes ago Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1: The story splinters but the camera never ... Toronto Star - 14 minutes ago Sources To CBS2: Officer Accidentally Shot Unarmed Man While Opening Door ... CBS Local - 47 minutes ago Agency: Schools helped Lanza\u0027s mom \u0027appease\u0027 him Kansas City Star - 37 minutes agoReutersSee realtime coverage Obama seeks support for immigration plan, blasts Boehner Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) denounces the executive order on immigration made by U.S. President Barack Obama during a statement on Capitol Hill in Washington November 21, 2014. Related Immigration » Lack of immigration plan flusters GOPPolitico Politics|House GOP Files Lawsuit In Battling Health LawNew York Times Featured:Is Obama\u0027s immigration action legal? A Q\u0026A. (+video)Christian Science Monitor Opinion:Letting us in on an immigration secretWashington Post In Depth:Immigration reform: Who qualifies and who doesn\u0027t?Los Angeles Times See all 11,389 sources » Related Immigration » Chicago Tribune1 hour ago  -  Google+ Local immigrants hope Obama action brings sense of peace The president\u0027s executive action to revise parts of the U.S. immigration system, announced in a prime time address Thursday night, provid…es the family relief. Under the plan, undocumented members of families who have lived with the threat of seeing their homes fractured by deportation — have a chance to remain in the U.S. without fear of the authorities for at least three years. CNN CNNObama: Immigration system feels unfair Obama: Immigration system feels unfair - CNN CNN CNNObama responds to heckler during immigration speech Obama responds to heckler during immigration speech - CNN CNN CNNHouse GOP sues White House over Obamacare House GOP sues White House over Obamacare - CNN North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Obama defied congressional Republicans by announcing a plan that shields up ... Fortune Fortune Obama touts immigration actions in Las Vegas ABC News ABC News Obama Spurns GOP With Expansive Immigration Orders Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Sun Nevada leaders weigh in on Obama\u0027s immigration plan SFGate SFGate New enforcement focus in Obama\u0027s immigration plan NPR (blog) NPR (blog) 7 Questions About The President\u0027s Immigration Plan Answered ABC News ABC News Does Obama Have Authority for Immigration Changes? Getty Images Getty Images Obama Discusses His Immigration Plan At Visit To Las Vegas High SchoolReuters  - ?8 minutes ago?CNN CNNObama: Immigration system feels unfair Obama: Immigration system feels unfair - CNN CNN CNNObama responds to heckler during immigration speech Obama responds to heckler during immigration speech - CNN CNN CNNHouse GOP sues White House over Obamacare House GOP sues White House over Obamacare - CNN North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Obama defied congressional Republicans by announcing a plan that shields up ... Fortune Fortune Obama touts immigration actions in Las Vegas ABC News ABC News Obama Spurns GOP With Expansive Immigration Orders Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Sun Nevada leaders weigh in on Obama\u0027s immigration plan SFGate SFGate New enforcement focus in Obama\u0027s immigration plan NPR (blog) NPR (blog) 7 Questions About The President\u0027s Immigration Plan Answered ABC News ABC News Does Obama Have Authority for Immigration Changes? Getty Images Getty Images Obama Discusses His Immigration Plan At Visit To Las Vegas High SchoolCNN CNNObama: Immigration system feels unfair Obama: Immigration system feels unfair - CNN CNN CNNObama responds to heckler during immigration speech Obama responds to heckler during immigration speech - CNN CNN CNNHouse GOP sues White House over Obamacare House GOP sues White House over Obamacare - CNN North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Obama defied congressional Republicans by announcing a plan that shields up ... Fortune Fortune Obama touts immigration actions in Las Vegas ABC News ABC News Obama Spurns GOP With Expansive Immigration Orders Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Sun Nevada leaders weigh in on Obama\u0027s immigration plan SFGate SFGate New enforcement focus in Obama\u0027s immigration plan NPR (blog) NPR (blog) 7 Questions About The President\u0027s Immigration Plan Answered ABC News ABC News Does Obama Have Authority for Immigration Changes? Getty Images Getty Images Obama Discusses His Immigration Plan At Visit To Las Vegas High SchoolObama: Immigration system feels unfair - CNNObama responds to heckler during immigration speech - CNNHouse GOP sues White House over Obamacare - CNNDetroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Report: No \u0027excuse for violence\u0027 in Ferguson, Obama says CNN  - ?30 minutes ago? Your video will begin momentarily. STORY HIGHLIGHTS. NEW: President Barack Obama says violence is contrary \"to who we are\"; FBI sends extra personnel to the St. Louis area, official says; The Ferguson police officer who and killed Michael Brown says ... Related Ferguson » Shooting of Michael Brown » Police » Officials: Ferguson area is prepared for protestsUSA TODAY Ferguson \u0027On Edge\u0027 and Worried, Brown Family Lawyer SaysABC News Opinion:Ferguson Protesters Harass Black Police, Call for Darren Wilsons DeathDaily Beast In Depth:Officials Detail Rules for Police Handling of Ferguson ProtestsWall Street Journal See all 2,029 sources » Related Ferguson » Shooting of Michael Brown » Police » RT America46 minutes ago  -  Google+ Whatever the decision of the Ferguson grand jury turns out to be, the police officer at the center of shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown is negotiating with city officials to resign. Ferguson police officer who killed Michael Brown reportedly set to resign —...CNN  - ?30 minutes ago?The New YorkerSee realtime coverage On Keystone and the NSA, Clinton Remains Quiet The New Yorker  - ?32 minutes ago? On Friday, Ready for Hillary, a super PAC that has been described as “a make-work program for former Clinton hands,” and that is busy building a database of donors and volunteers that the group will eventually sell or rent to an official Clinton campaign, held ... Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Democratic Party » Democrats preparing for Hillary Clinton campaignWicked Local Dighton Hillary Clinton Supporters See an Especially Tight Race in 2016Wall Street Journal (blog) In Depth:Hillary\u0027s 2016 Campaign is Ready, Hypothetically SpeakingTIME See all 189 sources » Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Democratic Party »The New Yorker  - ?32 minutes ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage NFL report: Free tickets for Bills-Jets game in Detroit Los Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago? There will be free football in Detroit on Monday night. Fans are being offered free tickets to the NFL game that was moved to Ford Field from snow-plagued Buffalo. Related Buffalo Bills » New York Jets » National Football League » Bills Face Must-Win Game Against JetsESPN Detroit Feels Like Paradise to the JetsWall Street Journal Trending on Google+:Buffalo Bills offer fans money, tickets to shovel out stadiumCBS News Opinion:Doug Marrone, Buffalo Bills talk to media before flying to Detroit (transcript)Syracuse.com In Depth:Bills escape snowbound Buffalo to prepare to face Jets at DetroitFox News See all 1,936 sources » Related Buffalo Bills » New York Jets » National Football League » Fox News2 hours ago  -  Google+ Snowed out in Buffalo, the Bills are heading to Detroit to play their \"home\" game against the New York Jets on Monday night. http://ow.ly/EH49L NFL reschedules Sunday\u0027s Buffalo Bills game for Monday night in DetroitLos Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago?SalonSee realtime coverage Ebola-related events in the United States and response Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? (Reuters) - Health agencies around the world are grappling with the worst Ebola epidemic since the virus was identified in 1976. The following is a chronology of events in the United States and the government\u0027s response at home and abroad from the time the ... Related Ebola virus disease » Sierra Leone » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Ebola threatens global security: BishopThe Australian Ebola \u0027a threat to international peace and security\u0027, says Julie BishopThe Guardian Highly Cited:An NPR Photographer Looks Ebola In The EyeNPR (blog) In Depth:Ebola Epidemic Not Even Close to Over, UN Officials SayNBCNews.com Wikipedia:Ebola virus epidemic in Sierra Leone See all 998 sources » Related Ebola virus disease » Sierra Leone » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » CBC News2 hours ago  -  Google+ A Cuban doctor who contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone arrived in Switzerland for treatment and was able to walk off the transport plane, a Geneva medical official said Friday. Felix Baez Sarria arrived… on a flight overnight and was transported in a specially outfitted ambulance with a police escort to Geneva University Hospital. Ebola outbreak: results uneven, UN chief saysReuters  - ?8 minutes ago?Financial PostSee realtime coverage European Parliament may propose Google break-up in draft resolution Reuters  - ?50 minutes ago? Nov 21 (Reuters) - The European Parliament is preparing a non-binding resolution that proposes splitting Google Inc\u0027s search engine operations in Europe from the rest of its business as one possible option to rein in the Internet company\u0027s dominance in the ... Related Google » European Parliament » European Union » EU may call for Google breakupLos Angeles Times Europe may ask Herr Google: Would you snap off your search engine?Register Highly Cited:Google break-up plan emerges from BrusselsFinancial Times Trending on Google+:European Parliament to call for breakup of Google, report saysCNET See all 95 sources » Related Google » European Parliament » European Union » CNET2 hours ago  -  Google+ The European Parliament will reportedly call for a separation of Google\u0027s search business from the rest of the company. European Parliament to call for breakup of Google, report says - CNETReuters  - ?50 minutes ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Rochester by-election: An expression of voters\u0027 rage that is unlikely to dissipate The Independent  - ?32 minutes ago? Yesterday the Conservatives resorted to the old clichés about by-elections being a mid-term protest as they expressed confidence they would regain Rochester and Strood from Ukip\u0027s Mark Reckless at next May\u0027s general election. Related UK Independence Party » Conservative Party » Mark Reckless » Philip Hollobone tipped as next Conservative MP to defect to UkipTelegraph.co.uk In blow to PM Cameron, UKIP wins second parliamentary seatDaily Times From United Kingdom:Eurosceptic Tories urge David Cameron to put pressure on Nigel FarageDaily Mail Trending on Google+:Rochester: Farage looks to more UKIP gains after successBBC News Opinion:Rochester byelection: beliefs of Ukip voters are soaked in leftwing populismThe Guardian Wikipedia:Rochester and Strood by-election, 2014 See all 810 sources » Related UK Independence Party » Conservative Party » Mark Reckless » The Christian Science Monitor8 hours ago  -  Google+ The British anti-immigration party #UKIP easily won its second seat in #Parliament on Friday, striking an embarrassing blow to Prime Minister David #Cameron’s #Conservative Party. Mark #Reckless, the second Conservative to leave the party and wi…n a seat for the U.K. Independence Party in the last two months, won 42 percent of the vote in a special by-election in Rochester and Strood in southern England. With 16,869 votes, Mr. Reckless came nearly 3,000 votes ahead of the Conservative Party ... UKIP wins 2nd seat in British Parliament. How big a blow to Cameron?The Independent  - ?32 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage US, Iran discussing new ideas to break nuclear impasse: sources Reuters  - ?8 minutes ago? VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif are discussing new ideas aimed at breaking the deadlock in nuclear talks between Tehran and six world powers, sources close to the talks said on ... Related John Kerry » Iran » Kerry Meets With Zarif, Ashton In ViennaPayvand Many Iranians pessimistic about reaching deal to ease sanctionsLos Angeles Times Highly Cited:Remarks at a Solo Press AvailabilityUS Department of State (press release) From Iran:Iran Criticizes IAEA for Biased ReportFars News Agency In Depth:As deadline nears for Iran nuclear talks, how will opponents of a deal react?Christian Science Monitor Wikipedia:Comprehensive agreement on Iranian nuclear program See all 2,128 sources » Related John Kerry » Iran » The Boston Globe4 hours ago  -  Google+ US Secretary of State John Kerry canceled plans to pull back from talks with Iran about the country’s nuclear program http://ow.ly/EGQgZReuters  - ?8 minutes ago?SalonSee realtime coverage Biden denounces Russia, but says Ukraine must do more to clean up its ... Washington Post  - ?11 minutes ago? KIEV, Ukraine - Vice President Biden denounced Russian behavior in eastern Ukraine as “a flagrant violation” of the international system here Friday, and he called elections held by Russian-backed Ukrainian separatists early this month a ... Related Joe Biden » Ukraine » Biden Assails Russian Intervention in Ukraine as \u0027Unacceptable\u0027New York Times Biden tells Russia that US will never accept Crimea annexationLos Angeles Times From Ukraine:Mashable: The Ukrainian revolution, one year onKyiv Post Trending on Google+:\u0027Shame on you!\u0027 Ukrainian president booed by protesters on Maidan (VIDEO ...RT In Depth:Ukraine crisis: President Petro Poroshenko heckled by relatives of 100 killed in ...ABC Online See all 611 sources » Related Joe Biden » Ukraine »Washington Post  - ?11 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Israeli-Palestinian conflict shifts ominously toward religious war Los Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago? Guarded by a phalanx of riot police, the knot of young Jewish men, long sidelocks blowing in the breeze, strode across the paved esplanade of Jerusalem\u0027s most sensitive religious site. Related Israel » Palestinian people » Israel to demolish more Palestinian homes in W BankPress TV PA chief warns against resorting to \u0027religious war\u0027Jerusalem Post From Israel:20 top reasons why the right beats the left in the battle for IsraelHaaretz (blog) Trending on Google+:Palestinian Authority accuses Hamas of plotting against it from Turkish ...Fox News Opinion:How Israel Teaches Its Citizens All the Wrong LessonsSlate Magazine In Depth:Uneasy calm descends on Jerusalem despite scattered overnight attacksAl Jazeera America See all 999 sources » Related Israel » Palestinian people » AlterNet47 minutes ago  -  Google+ PHOTOS: Israeli Police Ransack Homes of 40 Palestinians During al-Shaludi Home Demolition Israeli police ransacked seven apartments and urinated inside one while demolishing the Silwan apartment of …Abdel Rahman al-Shaludi, 21, the Palestinian motorist from East Jerusalem who killed a three-month old Israeli-American Chaya Zissel and one Ecuadoran tourist in a light rail attack in Jerusalem on October 22, 2014. PHOTOS: Israeli Police Ransack Homes of 40 Palestinians During al-Shaludi...Los Angeles Times  - ?15 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Joe Biden Visits Turkey in Attempt to Heal Rift on Fighting the Islamic State VICE News  - ?2 hours ago? US Vice President Joe Biden is traveling to Turkey today in an attempt to repair an increasingly strained relationship between the countries and persuade Ankara to play a larger role in the fight against Islamic State militants in neighboring Syria. Related Turkey » Joe Biden » Syria » US, Turkey Still Not in Sync on SyriaABC News Biden visits Turkey pushing for help in anti-IS campaignChannel News Asia From Turkey:US wants Turkey\u0027s boots on the groundHurriyet Daily News In Depth:Jihadis launch major assault on Ramadi, Biden visits TurkeyThe Daily Star See all 338 sources » Related Turkey » Joe Biden » Syria »VICE News  - ?2 hours ago?Chron.comSee realtime coverage Window washer survives 11-story plunge from SF building Chron.com  - ?25 minutes ago? Instagram user radiopadraic posted this photo showing a car that a worker landed on after falling off a building near Montgomery and California streets in San Francisco on on Friday, November 21, 2014. Related Windows » San Francisco » Window washer falls 11 stories, smashes into moving car in SFLos Angeles Times San Francisco window washer falls onto moving carSanta Cruz Sentinel Trending on Google+:Window Washer Survives 11-Story Fall From Building in San Francisco\u0027s ...NBC Bay Area See all 153 sources » Related Windows » San Francisco » News 134 hours ago  -  Google+ Police say a San Francisco window washer is in critical condition after falling 11 stories from a rooftop onto a moving car. Window washer critical after 11-story fall in CaliforniaChron.com  - ?25 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Highlights From Report on Newtown School Shooter ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Some highlights from Friday\u0027s 114-page report from the Connecticut Office of Child Advocate that looked into the history of Newtown school shooter Adam Lanza: ? Related Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting » Schools » Sandy Hook Shooter Adam Lanza\u0027s Early Problems Should Have Kept Him ...International Business Times Office of the Child Advocate releases new report on Sandy Hook shooterQ13 FOX In Depth:5 Disturbing Things We Learned Today About Sandy Hook Shooter Adam ..WLS-TV See all 354 sources » Related Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting » Schools » Yahoo News5 hours ago  -  Google+ The school system unwittingly enabled #AdamLanza\u0027s mother to \"accommodate and appease\" him as he became more withdrawn socially, according to a state report issued on the man who carried out the 2…012 massacre at #SandyHook Elementary School.ABC News  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage More Signs of Florida Shooter\u0027s Troubled Life ABC News  - ?9 minutes ago? A man who shot three people at a Florida State University library complained to police and property managers in New Mexico that cameras were watching him in his apartment and that he heard voices talking about and laughing at him, according to police ... Related Florida State University » Florida » Florida State shooting suspect sent package to friends: copsNew York Daily News Packages from Florida State shooter seized by fedsWJLA Trending on Google+:Gunman who shot 3 at Florida State University was former student, lawyer, law ...Fox News See all 2,897 sources » Related Florida State University » Florida » Spiritual Science Research Foundation4 hours ago  -  Google+ 3 shot at Florida State University before gunman killed by police Gunshots rattled a peaceful, packed Florida State University library early Thursday, with three students getting hurt as hundreds mor…e huddled between bookshelves before police encountered and killed the gunman outside. Meanwhile, investigators are surveying the scene and interviewing witnesses -- trying to determine exactly what happened and for what reason, something that Talla...ABC News  - ?9 minutes ago?Chron.comSee realtime coverage Des Moines struggling to clean nitrates from drinking water blamed on farming ... Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?5 hours ago? DES MOINES, Iowa - Two rivers that supply water to 500,000 people in the Des Moines area show nitrate levels spiking to levels that make it unsafe for some to drink, a concentration experts haven\u0027t before seen in the fall that likely stems from especially wet ... Des Moines Struggling With Nitrates In WaterWTXL ABC 27 See all 67 sources » Related: Des Moines » Nitrates »Minneapolis Star Tribune  - ?5 hours ago?Moneycontrol.comSee realtime coverage In Change of Strategy, China Cuts Interest Rate New York Times  - ?10 minutes ago? A job fair in Shanghai on Thursday. China\u0027s interest rate cut reflects concern that the economy is growing too slowly. Credit Carlos Barria/Reuters. Related European Central Bank » Mario Draghi » China interest rate cut lifts Wall Street to record highThe Australian China, Europe face slowdown, while inflation ticks up in North AmericaThe Globe and Mail Opinion:US stocks gain on Chinese rate cut, Draghi comments; Dow rises 0.51%Moneycontrol.com In Depth:Central Banks Move to Boost Global GrowthWall Street Journal See all 1,427 sources » Related European Central Bank » Mario Draghi » RTTNews4 hours ago  -  Google+ Crude Oil Ends Higher After China Rate Cut, Draghi Comments - U.S. crude oil ended higher for a second straight session Friday, as China moved to prop up its sagging economy with an unexpected interes…t rate cut and on comments by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi on additional stimulus, notwithstanding a strong dollar. http://ow.ly/2R11Ly Crude Oil Ends Higher After China Rate Cut, Draghi CommentsNew York Times  - ?10 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Fed Plans to Tighten Commodities Rules for Banks New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? Photo. Daniel K. Tarullo, a Fed governor, testified on Friday before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Related Federal Reserve System » Federal Reserve Bank of New York » Senators challenge NY Fed\u0027s bank oversightUSA TODAY Lawmakers Lambaste New York Fed Chief on Lax Oversight -- Update 1Nasdaq In Depth:Elizabeth Warren Grills William Dudley Over \u0027Cultural Problem\u0027 At New York FedForbes See all 199 sources » Related Federal Reserve System » Federal Reserve Bank of New York »New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?ForbesSee realtime coverage Where to score the best deals on Black Friday Chron.com  - ?4 hours ago? If you\u0027re a Walmart-only shopper, it may not be worth the time or effort to battle crowds on Black Friday. A study by Wallethub released this week found that the discount retailer has some of the smallest markdowns compared to other stores, at an average of ... Related Black Friday » Dow, S\u0026P 500 set record highs again; JCPenney tops Black Friday deals list ...cleveland.com Top 10 Stores For Best Black Friday Deals (Surprise: Not Walmart!)Forbes See all 62 sources » Related Black Friday »Chron.com  - ?4 hours ago?Entertainment WeeklySee realtime coverage Nintendo Tries to Energize Wii U Sales With Amiibo Toys New York Times  - ?33 minutes ago? Nintendo\u0027s Amiibo figurines are of popular characters like Donkey Kong, Mario and Pikachu. Credit Tony Cenicola/The New York Times. Related Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U » Wii U » Hunting a Bengal Tiger in Far Cry 4IGN Super Smash Bros Wii U debut: watch real gameplay nowSlashGear In Depth:Nintendo Launches Super Smash Bros Charm OffensiveTechNewsWorld See all 372 sources » Related Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U » Wii U » SlashGear2 hours ago  -  Google+ Today Nintendo released Super Smash Bros for Wii U, the fifth installment in the series and close companion to Super Smash Bros for Nintendo 3DS. While the video game streaming service Twitch is not n…ative to the Wii U, several means of transmission allow… Super Smash Bros Wii U debut: watch real gameplay now - SlashGearNew York Times  - ?33 minutes ago?GigaomSee realtime coverage Yes, the Nexus 6 is a great phone, but I\u0027m buying a Moto X 2014 Gigaom  - ?3 hours ago? Last night I returned from our Gigaom Roadmap event, traveling from San Francisco to my home office in Pennsylvania. And as soon as I got back, I started thinking about how the Nexus 6 handled the trip. Related Google Nexus » T-Mobile US, Inc. » Nexus 6: AT\u0026T Recalls Early Units For Software Bug; Delay Coming For Fixed ...Design \u0026 Trend AT\u0026T Nexus 6 Bug Prompts Smartphone Returns to MotorolaTech Times Trending on Google+:AT\u0026T\u0027s Nexus 6 stock is being returned to Motorola because of faulty software ...Phandroid.com See all 134 sources » Related Google Nexus » T-Mobile US, Inc. » dpreview3 hours ago  -  Google+ Google Nexus 6 DxOMark Mobile Report - The Nexus 6 is Google\u0027s showcase phone for Android 5.0 \u0027Lollipop\u0027 and the first Nexus device made by Motorola. It comes with a dual-LED ring flash, a… 13MP sensor with a fast F2.0 aperture, optical image stabilization and 4K video recording. DxOMark Mobile put the Nexus 6 through its image quality tests and has just published the results. Read more http://ow.ly/2R1aEp Google Nexus 6 DxOMark Mobile ReportGigaom  - ?3 hours ago?India TodaySee realtime coverage Samsung Galaxy Note Edge launch delayed until December 12th in the UK Engadget  - ?4 hours ago? We\u0027ve a bit of bad news for anyone who wanted to pick up Samsung\u0027s unusual Galaxy Note Edge next week. We knew something was up when the original pre-order date of November 14th rolled around and the curved curiosity was a no-show. iPhone 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Notes: Final impressionsCNET See all 143 sources » Related: Samsung Group » Android » Samsung Galaxy S5 » Android Central6 hours ago  -  Google+ We usually like to have control, but in this case Auto Brightness is the key It\u0027s no secret that Samsung made some serious steps forward in display technology with the Galaxy Note 4, boosting reso…lution, colors and brightness to the highest levels we\u0027ve seen from one of its phones. The… #android Here\u0027s how you make your Galaxy Note 4\u0027s display usable in direct sunlightEngadget  - ?4 hours ago?WiredSee realtime coverage Hate ads? Pay Google to block them for you CNET  - ?3 hours ago? Google is testing an ad-blocker service, Amazon may be inserting ads into streaming video, and Comcast lets you track the cable guy. Related Google » Websites » Google Contributor subscription service supports sites and hides ads. Can it work?Christian Science Monitor New Google service will block ads -- for a feeCBS News Highly Cited:Google Contributor will let you pay a monthly fee to see select websites without ...The Verge Opinion:Ads got you down? With Google Contributor you can pay to remove themPCWorld In Depth:Google Contributor may be an elaborate experiment to prove people prefer ads ...VentureBeat See all 191 sources » Related Google » Websites »CNET  - ?3 hours ago?U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Beginning of end for \u0027Hunger Games\u0027 U-T San Diego  - ?42 minutes ago? In this image released by Lionsgate, Jennifer Lawrence portrays Katniss Everdeen in a scene from \"The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.\" (AP Photo/Lionsgate, Murray Close) The Associated Press ... Related The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 » Jennifer Lawrence » Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1: The story splinters but the camera never ...Toronto Star Box Office: \u0027Mockingjay\u0027 Hits Franchise Low Despite No. 1 Opening of the YearVariety Opinion:Jennifer Lawrence Continues to Make the Hunger Games Movies Seem Way ...Slate Magazine Wikipedia:The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 See all 2,437 sources » Related The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 » Jennifer Lawrence » Perez Hilton8 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s Finally HERE! Listen To Jennifer Lawrence Sing The Hanging Tree From The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1! http://ow.ly/2R0nxA It\u0027s Finally HERE! Listen To Jennifer Lawrence Sing The Hanging Tree From The...U-T San Diego  - ?42 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Two more women accuse Bill Cosby of sexual attacks New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago? Two more women have accused comedian Bill Cosby of inappropriate sexual behavior ? and one claimed she was an underage teen working with him on a TV show for preschoolers. Related Bill Cosby » Rape » The Cosby Show » Victims\u0027 Advocate Weighs In On Local Woman\u0027s Allegations Against CosbyCBS Local Drummond: Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations finally getting deserved attentionContra Costa Times Trending on Google+:Bill Cosby -- Vegas Casino Pulls the Plug on ConcertTMZ.com Opinion:Rape allegations hurt Bill Cosby but sail past Bill ClintonBoston Globe Wikipedia:Bill Cosby See all 5,208 sources » Related Bill Cosby » Rape » The Cosby Show »New York Daily News  - ?1 hour ago?Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage NFLPA rails against selection of Peterson appeals officer USA TODAY  - ?45 minutes ago? NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell won\u0027t hear the appeal of Adrian Peterson\u0027s suspension. But the NFL Players Association isn\u0027t happy with who will. Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League » Ray Ratto: \u0027There Is No Precedent In The NFL\u0027CBSSports.com NFL to hear Peterson\u0027s appeal Dec. 2HeraldNet Trending on Google+:Adrian Peterson -- I\u0027ll Never Use a Switch AgainTMZ.com Opinion:Adrian Peterson insists he\u0027s changed, uncertain of Vikings futureSB Nation In Depth:NFL taps former league executive to hear Peterson appealReuters See all 390 sources » Related Adrian Peterson » Minnesota Vikings » National Football League »USA TODAY  - ?45 minutes ago?LocalNews8.comSee realtime coverage Kings put together statement win over Bulls LocalNews8.com  - ?5 hours ago? The Sacramento Kings\u0027 early success this season has not been a product of anything complicated. At least, that\u0027s their coach\u0027s take. Related Chicago Bulls » DeMarcus Cousins Should Be Considered A Legitimate MVP CandidateRantSports Joakim Noah threw tantrum after being called for foul (Video)Larry Brown Sports See all 235 sources » Related Chicago Bulls »LocalNews8.com  - ?5 hours ago?Viral Global NewsSee realtime coverage Bizarre space object could confirm Einstein\u0027s general theory of relativity Christian Science Monitor  - ?5 hours ago? Scientists believe a mysteriously bright object in a galaxy 90 million light-years away could be a rogue black hole evicted during the merger of two galaxies. Potential Black Hole Discovered 2600 Light Years from Its Galaxy\u0027s CoreViral Global News Strange Light: Is it a Recoiling Black Hole, or a Massive Supernova?Design \u0026 Trend Trending on Google+:Mystery Object in Space: A Rogue Black Hole or Strange Supernova?Space.com See all 73 sources » Universe Today10 hours ago  -  Google+ New Simulation Offers Stunning Images of Black Hole Merger A black hole is an extraordinarily massive, improbably dense knot of spacetime that makes a living swallowing or slinging away any morsel o…f energy that strays too close to its dark, twisted core. Anyone fortunate (or unfortunate) enough to directly observe one of these beasts in the wild would immediately notice the way its colossal gravitational field warps all of the light from the s...Christian Science Monitor  - ?5 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Better Barley Let People Settle Tibetan Plateau Scientific American  - ?2 hours ago? Importation of a frost-resistant barley from the Fertile Crescent to Tibet some 3,600 years ago is associated with the advent of settlements at 3,000 meters and more above sea level. Related Barley » Tibetan Plateau » Plateau » Early Tibetans farmed and grown Barley to survive on Mountains for 5200 yearsThe Westside Story Magical grain: Barley enabled Tibetans to live at high altitudesCatholic Online Highly Cited:Living Higher, Thanks to BarleyNew York Times Opinion:Settling in Tibet required a Western importArs Technica See all 88 sources » Related Barley » Tibetan Plateau » Plateau »Scientific American  - ?2 hours ago?WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage Nestle Researchers May Come up with Fat-Burning Drink WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago? Whether you are fat or fit is usually linked to a certain lifestyle. Getting in shape is highly appreciated precisely because of all the work that lies behind the result. Related Nestlé » Drink » Nestle New Drink Product To Burn Fat: Can We Say Goodbye To Exercise?KDramaStars Forget the gym: Nestle is developing exercise in a BOTTLE in bid to create the ...Daily Mail In Depth:Exercise in a Bottle Is Next Food Frontier for NestleBusinessweek See all 33 sources » Related Nestlé » Drink »WallStreet OTC  - ?1 hour ago?MLive.comSee realtime coverage Research in Michigan: A bad marriage could literally break your heart MLive.com  - ?3 hours ago? Marriage might start off happy, but a bad marriage later on in life could literally break your heart, an MSU study shows. (Courtesy of MSU). Related Marriage » Now Trending: An unhappy marriage is bad for your heart, study saysThe Globe and Mail A bad marriage can literally break your heart, especially if you\u0027re a womanWashington Post Highly Cited:Bad marriage, broken heart?MSUToday In Depth:A Bad Marriage Burdens an Aging HeartPhilly.com See all 125 sources » Related Marriage » MLive.com4 hours ago  -  Google+ A bad marriage means a broken heart. Literally: Michigan State University sociologist Hui Liu’s study of married couples in their 70s and 80s shows that older couples in an unhappy marriage have a hig…her risk of heart disease. Read more here: http://bit.ly/14YDpe5 Research in Michigan: A bad marriage could literally break your heartMLive.com  - ?3 hours ago?MedPage TodaySee realtime coverage Pricey Generics Draw Senate Scrutiny MedPage Today  - ?6 hours ago? Washington-Watch. Pricey Generics Draw Senate Scrutiny. Published: Nov 21, 2014. By Shannon Firth , Contributing Writer, MedPage Today. Related Drugs » Pharmacist condemns generic price increasesPittsburgh Business Times (blog) Generic Drug Prices Skyrocketing, Lawmakers WarnKTIC See all 19 sources » Related Drugs »MedPage Today  - ?6 hours ago?Today 37° 25° Sat 43° 36° Sun 54° 55° Mon 72° 50°Today YesterdayNHL  NYI 3 2 17:20 2P PITBOS 0 2 17:54 2P CLSNYR - Final BUFNJ 1416623400 EDMNBA  MIL 17 29 2:51 1Q TORDET 20 25 1:58 1Q ATLPHO 61 37 2:20 2Q PHIORL 36 46 2:29 2Q CHABOS 1416618000 MEMSA 1416618000 MINCLE 1416618000 WASBKN 1416618000 OKCLAL 1416619800 DALNO 1416621600 DENCHI 1416627000 PORUTA 1416627000 GSNHL  MIN 3-2 Final PHINSH 2-3 Final OTTSTL 1-4 Final MONTB 2-5 Final TORDET 4-3 Final WPGARI 1-3 Final DALWAS 3-2 Final COLCHI 4-3 Final CGYANH 3-3 Final VANCAR 2-3 Final LAFLA 2-2 Final SJNBA  LAC 110-93 Final MIACHI 88-103 Final SACNFL  KC 20-24 Final OAK -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":38,"second":49},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
