{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentHousehold Debt and Signs of Drought Squeeze Thai EconomyBlocked: 1969 Super Bowl Star Dave Herman Diagnosed with CTEThe Athlete Who Made LeBron James PossibleMLS  MLB  NFL  MLS  MLB  Central Texas »Truck Fire Spreads to Garage of Bryan HomeBulldogs Blow Out Texas A\u0026M 48-31Dak Prescott unstoppable against Texas A\u0026M defenseEditors\u0027 PicksSunday Mail: Frustration Over Thompkins Departure Is OddUndefeated Bengals Aren\u0027t PerfectTensions Reported Between Brady, CoachesWould Brady Want the Patriots Crowd From MNF, 1976? Doubt ItMichael Phelps Announces, Via Twitter, That He\u0027s Going to RehabSpotlight »How American parenting is killing the American marriageRhode Island Child Dies From Complications Of Enterovirus That Has Been ...NFL Picks Weeks 5: Bleacher Report\u0027s Expert Consensus PicksIn Colorado, a Rebranding of Pot Inc.Fantasy football rankings, Week 5: Wide receivers for standard, PPR leaguesWhy adults are buzzing about YA literatureBiz Break: Apple plans to debut new iPad on Oct. 16, multiple reports sayThe Best Possible DayNews Wrap: Violence erupts between police and protesters in Hong KongOur Understanding of Giraffes Does Not Measure UpEvery Newly Emerging Disease Like Ebola Begins With a MysteryThe War on ISIS: Where in the Middle East is the Islamic State making gains?Most popularPatient being tested in Delaware for possible Ebola virusBen Affleck in angry debate on IslamMexico checks if 43 students in mass graveHewlett-Packard plans to break into twoTyphoon Washes Three US Airmen out to Sea in JapanFinally! Sub-atomic particle observed, both matter \u0026 antimatterRoast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?)Genes that can make us taller are trackedRaiders band leader Revere diesSamsung faces \u0027ugly\u0027 quarter following Apple\u0027s bigger iPhones","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesExpert \u0027would not be surprised\u0027 if new Ebola case emerges in TexasJournalist with Ebola on way to Nebraska hospitalLawyer: No fast ID for bodies in Mexico mass graveOrioles sweep Tigers, advance to ALCSSierra Leone records 121 Ebola deaths in a single dayHewlett-Packard plans to break into twoWorld »Brazil Voting for President; Runoff LikelyGlobe in Hong Kong: Police response against protesters fails to materializeUAE says Biden apologises for any implication it supported militantsSuicide bomber kills 5 police officersU.S. »A memorial for veterans who livedTrain derails in NE Louisiana, 2-hour evacuationBusiness »Becton Dickinson buys Carefusion for $12.2 billionTechnology »Stanford student reveals Facebook Messenger payment featureSamsung Poised for \u0027Ugly\u0027 Quarter as IPhones Get BiggerRedbox Instant Throws in the Towel on Their Streaming Video ServiceStudying the Steve Jobs industrial complexEntertainment »Strong debuts of \u0027Gone Girl,\u0027 \u0027Annabelle\u0027 boost box officeRoast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?)North West Has Her Own Set of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Dolls—Take a ...Sports »Pat-thetic week calls for a gut checkBeckham, in Debut, and Williams Help Giants Top FalconsLions kicking woes catch up in 17-14 loss to BillsManning Throws 500th TD Pass In WinBrowns erase 25-point deficit, rally to stun TitansScience »Scientists Applauded For Making New Ocean MapsSay Hi The Majorana Particle!Health »Enterovirus killed New Jersey child, health official saysNew Genes Found that Determine Your HeightHome From the Ebola Hot ZoneRecentCentral Texas »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 6 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 6 2013 2014 2015SEP OCT NOV62013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Expert \u0027would not be surprised\u0027 if new Ebola case emerges in Texas Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? The federal government\u0027s top infectious disease expert said Sunday he wouldn\u0027t be surprised if one of the people who had close contact with the Ebola patient in Dallas contracts the deadly virus. Related Ebola » CDC Chief: US Ebola Patient \u0027Fighting for His Life\u0027Voice of America CDC: Dallas Ebola patient \u0027fighting for his life\u0027Las Vegas Review-Journal In Depth:Ebola Patient in Dallas Hospital Takes Turn for Worse: CDCPhilly.com Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus cases in the United States See all 11,685 sources » Related Ebola » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Dallas Ebola Patient to test U.S. containment protocols http://b4in.org/h9Wh The first Ebola patient to be diagnosed outside of Africa is receiving treatment in a hospital in Dallas. The CDC is for the most part keeping… mum on the subject, but there is no denying the fact that the event is a perfect – albeit unasked for – opportunity to put the United States’ outbreak containment measures to the test. Unlike the four previously imported cases of Ebola, this patien... USA TODAY USA TODAYEbola patient in Dallas \u0026#39;taken a turn for the worse\u0026#39; Ebola patient in Dallas \u0027taken a turn for the worse\u0027 - USA TODAY ABC News ABC NewsCDC\u0026#39;s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0026#39;We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0026#39; CDC\u0027s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0027We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0027 - ABC News Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital ABC News ABC News Texas Ebola Patient Not Receiving Experimental Medication Mic Mic The Scariest Thing About Ebola Has Nothing to Do With the Virus TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Can the U.S. really contain the deadly Ebola virus? ABC News ABC News Questions and Answers About the US Ebola Case TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know ABC News ABC News Family of US Ebola Patient Moves into Donated Home in Gated Community North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of Contact WGAL Lancaster WGAL Lancaster Ebola prompts talk of screening at airports ABC News ABC News What We Know About the Texas Ebola Case Daily MailSee realtime coverage Journalist with Ebola on way to Nebraska hospital Toledo Blade  - ?11 minutes ago? OMAHA, Neb. - An American photojournalist who contracted the deadly Ebola virus while working in West Africa has begun his journey home for treatment. Related Ebola » NBC » US journalist with Ebola to arrive in Nebraska MondayTHE BUSINESS TIMES (subscription) Nebraska hospital prepares for arrival of Ebola patientDaily Mail In Depth:Journalist with Ebola has passion for LiberiaAl-Arabiya See all 1,050 sources » Related Ebola » NBC » Hindustan TimesSee realtime coverage Lawyer: No fast ID for bodies in Mexico mass grave FOX6 WBRC - MyFoxAL.com  - ?24 minutes ago? (AP Photo/Alejandrino Gonzalez). Mexican marines guard the road that leads to the site where an alleged clandestine mass grave was found near the city of Iguala, Mexico, Saturday Oct. 4, 2014. Burned bodies found in south Mexico grave7Online WSVN-TV See all 424 sources » Related: Mexico » Mass graves » Police » Chicago Tribune2 hours ago  -  Google+ Mass graves found in Mexico may contain bodies of missing students Bodies found in mass graves in southwestern Mexico are feared to be those of students who went missing last month after they clashe…d with corrupt local police, authorities said on Sunday. USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Orioles sweep Tigers, advance to ALCS USA TODAY  - ?52 minutes ago? DETROIT --- Twenty-nine teams were scared off by Nelson Cruz\u0027s drug suspension and advancing age. The Baltimore Orioles were the 30th team and they are happy they took a chance on the 34-year-old designated hitter. BOX SCORE: Orioles 2, Tigers 1. Related Detroit Tigers » Baltimore Orioles » American League Division Series » Baltimore Orioles Sweep Detroit Tigers To Seal Spot In American League ...Huffington Post With 2-1 win, Orioles sweep Tigers to advance to AL Championship SeriesBaltimore Sun Trending on Google+:Baltimore Orioles power their way past Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of ALDSFOXSports.com In Depth:2014 ALDS: Orioles beat Tigers, 2-1, to complete sweep and advance to AL ...Washington Post See all 2,480 sources » Related Detroit Tigers » Baltimore Orioles » American League Division Series » CBS Sports45 minutes ago  -  Google+ Get the broomsticks! The Baltimore Orioles complete the sweep against the Detroit Tigers and are headed the ALCS for the first time since 97\u0027! ReutersSee realtime coverage Sierra Leone records 121 Ebola deaths in a single day Reuters  - ?11 minutes ago? FREETOWN (Reuters) - Sierra Leone recorded 121 deaths from Ebola and scores of new infections in one of the single deadliest days since the disease appeared in the West African country more than four months ago, government health statistics showed on ... Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Visitors tell of Ebola struggles in Sierra LeonePhilly.com Sierra Leone officials struggle to recover bodies of Ebola victimseuronews Trending on Google+:How Ebola sped out of controlWashington Post Opinion:Ebola fight calls for caution, not hysteria: #tellusatodayUSA TODAY In Depth:How To Stop Ebola: Ban Air Travel From Liberia, Sierra Leone, And GuineaForbes Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus epidemic in Sierra Leone See all 1,331 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Before It\u0027s News5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola deaths reach 3,338, but widely undercounted, WHO says http://b4in.org/j9L7 The death toll from the world’s worst Ebola outbreak on record reached 3,338 people out of 7,178 cases in West Africa as of Sept. 28, the …World Health Organization said on Wednesday. It said the total number of new cases had fallen for a second week, but warned against reading any good news into the figures as they were almost certainly under-reported and there were few signs of the e... USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Hewlett-Packard plans to break into two USA TODAY  - ?35 minutes ago? Hewlett-Packard, a pioneer in business computers, plans to break into two parts as it separates its personal-computer and printer businesses from its technology services. Related Hewlett-Packard » Printers » Hewlett-Packard reportedly plans to split into two companiesLos Angeles Times HP to split into two businessesSFGate In Depth:Silicon Valley giant Hewlett-Packard to split in two: WSJReuters See all 135 sources » Related Hewlett-Packard » Printers » CNNMoney3 hours ago  -  Google+ The next step for computing giant #HewlettPackard\u0027s restructuring may be a split into two companies. The Wall Street Journal, citing unnamed sources, reported Sunday that HP plans to put the PC and printer opera…tions under one roof and its business that provides software and services to corporate customers under another. http://cnnmon.ie/1nW5POg HP to split into two companies, report says World » Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Brazil Voting for President; Runoff Likely Voice of America  - ?18 minutes ago? Brazilians are going to the polls to vote in the presidential race that is expected to result in a runoff campaign and election later this month. Related Dilma Rousseff » Brazil » Elections » Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff to face challenger Aecio Neves in second ...National Post Brazil\u0027s Dilma Rousseff to face presidential run-offBBC News Opinion:Brazilians vote after surprising presidential raceBoston Herald In Depth:Neves to Face Rousseff in Brazil in Surprise ComebackBusinessweek See all 285 sources » Related Dilma Rousseff » Brazil » Elections » Alexander Howard1 hour ago  -  Google+ Whoa.  Searched for for \"elections Brazil.\" Google gave an infobox + map: https://www.google.com.br/elections/explorer?hl\u003den President Dilma Rousseff and Neves look headed for a head to head matchup in the second round. Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Globe in Hong Kong: Police response against protesters fails to materialize The Globe and Mail  - ?16 minutes ago? People have begun leaving a downtown Hong Kong protest site after a long tense night of waiting for a police response that had not, by 5 a.m. Related Hong Kong » The tumultuous week of protests that has shaken Hong KongFinancial Times Hong Kong protesters split after call to retreatMarketWatch Opinion:For clarity on Hong KongThe Hindu Wikipedia:2014 Hong Kong protests See all 2,919 sources » Related Hong Kong » Al Jazeera English5 hours ago  -  Google+ Pro-democracy protesters have held a week of rallies in Hong Kong demanding direct representation in government without interference from Beijing. Al Jazeera\u0027s Divya Gopalan spoke to Audrey Eu Yue…t-mee, the chairwoman of the territory\u0027s Civic Party, who has been active in the ongoing protests. Eu spoke to Al Jazeera in Admiralty hours before a Monday deadline for protesters to clear the streets: http://aje.me/1rcr7Sc Q\u0026A: Hong Kong protest leader Audrey Eu Business RecorderSee realtime coverage UAE says Biden apologises for any implication it supported militants Daily Mail  - ?1 hour ago? DUBAI, Oct 5 (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Sunday that U.S. Vice President Joe Biden had apologised to the Abu Dhabi crown prince for \"any implications\" in a speech he made last week that the UAE had supported Islamist militants in Syria. Related Joe Biden » United Arab Emirates » Humbled Biden apologizes to UAE after accusing it of terrorism fundingRT Biden calls UAE prince to clarify remarks on SyriaMiamiHerald.com From United Arab Emirates:Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed receives apology from US vice president BidenThe National Opinion:Biden Calls to UAE to \u0027Clarify\u0027 Islamic State CommentsBusinessweek See all 109 sources » Related Joe Biden » United Arab Emirates » RTSee realtime coverage Suicide bomber kills 5 police officers Financial Times  - ?3 hours ago? A suicide bomber killed five police officers and injured another 12 on Sunday in Grozny according to the Russian government. It was the first major violent attack in Russia\u0027s restive Caucasus republic of Chechnya in four years. Related Chechnya » Police » Suicide attacks » 4 Russian police killed in Chechnya suicide attackFox News Latino Five killed in suicide bombing in Chechen capitalBBC News From Russia:Chechen Health Ministry Says Able to Help Grozny Bombing Victims Without ...RIA Novosti Trending on Google+:At least 5 police killed in suicide blast outside concert hall in Chechnya, RussiaRT Opinion:Chechen leader says police prevented large-scale terrorist attack in Grozny ...ITAR-TASS See all 127 sources » Related Chechnya » Police » Suicide attacks » Occupy The Polls4 hours ago  -  Google+ At least 5 police killed in suicide blast outside concert hall in #Chechnya , Russia -- http://rt.com/news/193336-chechnya-russia-suicide-bomber/ The incident happened ahead of a concert dedicated to City Day in #Grozny, which is home to over 280,000 people, most of t…hem Chechens. According to the Internal Affairs Ministry, police forces noticed a suspicious man outside a concert hall. \"Police officers who were manning metal detectors at the entrance of the concert hall noticed a suspicious young man. When ... More World stories U.S. » CBS NewsSee realtime coverage A memorial for veterans who lived CNN  - ?2 hours ago? Washington (CNN) -- 45 years ago, while on patrol in Vietnam\u0027s Mekong Delta, Dennis Joyner was suddenly faced with his own mortality. Related American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial » Disabled American Veterans » At memorial to wounded vets, Obama says America must strive to keep others ...Fox News Obama Urges Stronger Support for US VeteransBusinessweek In Depth:Obama Dedicates Memorial Honoring Wounded VeteransHuffington Post See all 68 sources » Related American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial » Disabled American Veterans » MyArkLaMissSee realtime coverage Train derails in NE Louisiana, 2-hour evacuation Auburn Citizen  - ?10 minutes ago? MER ROUGE, La. (AP) - Officials in northeast Louisiana say two train engineers are in serious condition after a freight train hit a transport truck, derailing two engines and 16 tank and hopper cars. Related Mer Rouge » Train derails in NE Louisiana, causing gas leakMiamiHerald.com Train derails in Mer Rouge, argon gas leakingSFGate See all 22 sources » Related Mer Rouge » More U.S. stories Business » U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Becton Dickinson buys Carefusion for $12.2 billion mySanAntonio.com  - ?26 minutes ago? FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J. (AP) - New Jersey medical equipment maker Becton Dickinson and Co. says it will pay $12.2 billion for rival Carefusion in a combination focused on medication systems for hospitals and pharmacies. Related CareFusion Corp » Becton Dickinson » BD to buy CareFusion for $12.2 billionU-T San Diego Becton Dickinson to Buy CareFusion in Deal Valued at $12.2 BillionTheStreet.com In Depth:Becton, Dickinson Agrees to Acquire CareFusion for $12.2BBloomberg See all 30 sources » Related CareFusion Corp » Becton Dickinson » RTTNews10 minutes ago  -  Google+ Becton, Dickinson To Buy CareFusion For $12.2 Bln - Becton, Dickinson and Co. (BDX) Sunday said it agreed to buy medical devices maker CareFusion Corp. (CFN) for $12.2 billion in a cash-and-stock deal…. http://ow.ly/2ODPc7 Becton, Dickinson To Buy CareFusion For $12.2 Bln More Business stories Technology » UPI.comSee realtime coverage Stanford student reveals Facebook Messenger payment feature VentureBeat  - ?1 hour ago? On Saturday, Stanford University computer science student Audrew Aude tweeted that he had found and played with a payment feature in Facebook Messenger, which he dug out with the developer tool Cycript. Related Facebook Messenger » Facebook » More Details Leaked About Facebook\u0027s Messenger-Based Payments SystemPC Magazine Code hints that Facebook Messenger will let you pay your friendsEngadget Trending on Google+:Hacked Screenshots Show Friend-To-Friend Payments Feature Hidden In ...TechCrunch (blog) Opinion:You Could Soon Be Able To Send Your Friends Money Using Facebook ...Business Insider See all 19 sources » Related Facebook Messenger » Facebook » BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Samsung Poised for \u0027Ugly\u0027 Quarter as IPhones Get Bigger Businessweek  - ?4 hours ago? The new Samsung Electronics Co. Galaxy Note Edge smartphone is displayed for the media in New York, on Sept. 3, 2014. Photographer: Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg. Related Samsung Group » Samsung Galaxy Note series » iPhone » Some iPhone Users Say Their Hair Gets Caught When Making Calls—Ouch!PC Magazine The Samsung Galaxy Note 4 \u0027Gapgate\u0027: Overblown or Serious Issue?Newsweek Trending on Google+:Samsung Galaxy Note 4 delivers poor graphics performance vs. Apple iPhone 6 ...Apple Insider Opinion:Samsung Built A Robot Butt To Prove Their Phones Won\u0027t Bend Like The New ...MTV.com See all 440 sources » Related Samsung Group » Samsung Galaxy Note series » iPhone » Stefan Svartling10 hours ago  -  Google+ Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Performs Bad Compared To iPhone 6 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Performs Bad Compared To iPhone 6 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note 4 performs very poor, compared to the iPhone 6 Plus in the latest benchmarks. Especially when it comes to graphics …performance and games. To me that proves that adding high resolution displays (2K, 4K) is pointless. It only makes the device perform bad. Check this video out! SavingAdvice.comSee realtime coverage Redbox Instant Throws in the Towel on Their Streaming Video Service SavingAdvice.com  - ?42 minutes ago? There are a lot of companies that would like to be able to offer a service comparable to Netflix, but it\u0027s not nearly as easy as it may first appear. Related Redbox » Streaming media » Verizon Communications » Failed streaming service Redbox Instant to shut down on TuesdayAfterdawn.com Verizon to end Redbox Instant streaming service on Oct 7, tired of Netflix growthThe Hoops News Highly Cited:Verizon\u0027s Redbox Instant Video Streaming To Shut DownHuffington Post Trending on Google+:Verizon\u0027s RedBox Instant Is Dead, Jim, Less Than Two Years After Its DebutAndroid Police Opinion:Redbox Instant Will Shut Down Streaming Video on October 7thGizmodo See all 96 sources » Related Redbox » Streaming media » Verizon Communications » Thomas Tenkely8 hours ago  -  Google+ Netflix tightens grip on streaming media as Verizon shuts down Redbox Instant via Yahoo News Digest Get the app and the day\u0027s need-to-know news. https://yho.com/newsdigestall Yahoo News Digest - Get in the know in no time. Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage Studying the Steve Jobs industrial complex Sydney Morning Herald  - ?56 minutes ago? This post was originally published on Mashable. \"This is a very strange business and a very strange endeavour of life,\" Steve Jobs once said in a candid interview about his legacy in 1994. Related Apple Inc. » Steve Jobs » Google » Apple CEO Tim Cook and Eric Schmidt remember Steve Jobs on third ...Inferse Steve Jobs makes world a better place FROM BEYOND THE GRAVERegister Trending on Google+:The Steve Jobs Industrial ComplexMashable Opinion:Celebrate Steve Jobs\u0027 life with this amazing video from 1997Cult of Mac See all 120 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Steve Jobs » Google » More Technology stories Entertainment » Entertainment WeeklySee realtime coverage Strong debuts of \u0027Gone Girl,\u0027 \u0027Annabelle\u0027 boost box office Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? David Fincher\u0027s “Gone Girl” edged out low-budget horror film “Anabelle” by less than $1 million to claim the top spot at the weekend box office. Related Gone Girl » Ben Affleck » Top-grossing films for the Oct. 3-5 weekendWashington Post Did Gone Girl Kill It at the Weekend Box Office?Stockton Record Opinion:Weekend Box Office Wrap Up: October 5th, 2014Screen Rant In Depth:Top 10 Box Office Takeaways: \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 \u0026 \u0027Annabelle Lead Record October ...Indie Wire (blog) Wikipedia:Gone Girl See all 188 sources » Related Gone Girl » Ben Affleck » Boston HeraldSee realtime coverage Roast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?) Newsday  - ?22 minutes ago? Add comment. Roast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?) Updated October 5, 2014 10:13 AM By BY VERNE GAY verne. Related Sarah Silverman » Saturday Night Live » Joan Rivers » \u0027SNL\u0027 Mocks Ebola Panic With \u0027The Fault In Our Stars 2: The Ebola In Our ...Huffington Post (satire) Watch the SNL Digital Short That Celebrates White People Being on Top, For NowSlate Magazine (blog) Trending on Google+:Maroon 5 Harmonizes with Sarah Silverman in \u0027SNL\u0027 PromoBillboard Opinion:5 Things Sarah Silverman Learned On \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027MTV.com In Depth:\u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 pokes fun of Ebola in Texas and white declineseattlepi.com (blog) See all 205 sources » Related Sarah Silverman » Saturday Night Live » Joan Rivers » Saturday Night Live10 hours ago  -  Google+ FULL EPISODE: Sarah Silverman hosts #SNL with musical guest + Maroon 5 ! http://bit.ly/1uN8VWR NEXT WEEK: Bill Hader returns with music from Hozier! E! OnlineSee realtime coverage North West Has Her Own Set of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Dolls—Take a ... E! Online  - ?47 minutes ago? Who needs Barbies when you can have this amazing toy?! Khloé Kardashian took to Instagram where she revealed two dolls modeled after North West\u0027s mom and dad, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Kim Kardashian fears nude photo scandal will \u0027undo\u0027 hard work on her reputationIrish Independent Kim Kardashian orders a little help refusing to get out of her car at gas stationDaily Mail Opinion:North West Has a Set of Kim and Kanye Dolls, SeriouslyBillboard See all 104 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » E! Entertainment9 hours ago  -  Google+ Kris Jenner Admits to Keeping Track of Kim Kardashian Through Google Alerts and Dishes on North West Rumors--Watch the Clip! Kris Jenner Admits to Keeping Track of Kim Kardashian Through Google Alerts... More Entertainment stories Sports » Boston HeraldSee realtime coverage Pat-thetic week calls for a gut check Boston Herald  - ?17 minutes ago? UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY: Patriots leaders and future Hall of Famers Tom Brady, left, and Bill Belichick are experiencing a largely foreign phenomenon of being doubted as they face their second straight prime-time test tonight. Related New England Patriots » Cincinnati Bengals » Tom Brady » Burfict, Jones inactive for unbeaten BengalsSFGate Vontaze Burfict inactive for Bengals against PatriotsNFL.com In Depth:Bengals-Patriots PreviewNESN.com Live Updating:How to watch \u0027Sunday Night Football\u0027: Live stream, start time and TV scheduleSB Nation See all 714 sources » Related New England Patriots » Cincinnati Bengals » Tom Brady » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Beckham, in Debut, and Williams Help Giants Top Falcons New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? Odell Beckham Jr. scored on a 15-yard completion from Eli Manning in the fourth quarter. Credit Chang W. Lee/The New York Times. Continue reading the main story. Related New York Giants » Odell Beckham Jr. catches game-winning touchdown, NY Giants win third ...New York Daily News Giants Q \u0026 A: Slow start, great endNewsday In Depth:Giants rally to clip Falcons, 30-20Reuters See all 461 sources » Related New York Giants » SFGateSee realtime coverage Lions kicking woes catch up in 17-14 loss to Bills SFGate  - ?47 minutes ago? DETROIT (AP) - The Detroit Lions have another placekicking problem. Injuries are catching up to them as well. Alex Henery missed all three field-goal attempts, including a 50-yarder with 21 seconds left, and receiver Calvin Johnson and running back ... Related Detroit Lions » Buffalo Bills » Schwartz, Carpenter help Bills put boots to LionsReuters Bills give ex-Lions coach Jim Schwartz victory rideThe Detroit News Opinion:Bills Edge Imploding Lions With Field Goal; Jim Schwartz Carried AwayDeadspin Live Updating:Live updates: Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills (chat)MLive.com See all 607 sources » Related Detroit Lions » Buffalo Bills » ESPNSee realtime coverage Manning Throws 500th TD Pass In Win ESPN  - ?8 minutes ago? Peyton Manning became the second player in NFL history to throw 500 touchdown passes as the Broncos defeated the Cardinals 41-20. Tags: NFL, Arizona Cardinals, Denver Broncos, Peyton Manning, Demaryius Thomas, Juwan Thompson, Julius Thomas, ... Related Denver Broncos » Peyton Manning » Peyton Manning joins Brett Favre with 500 TD passesUSA TODAY Peyton Manning becomes second QB with 500 TDsNFL.com In Depth:NFL Game Summary - Arizona at DenverSports Network See all 498 sources » Related Denver Broncos » Peyton Manning » ESPNSee realtime coverage Browns erase 25-point deficit, rally to stun Titans ESPN  - ?16 minutes ago? NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- The Cleveland Browns shook off a sluggish start with a finish for the NFL record book. Brian Hoyer threw a 6-yard touchdown pass to Travis Benjamin with 1:09 left, and the Browns rallied from a 25-point deficit to beat the Tennessee ... Related Tennessee Titans » Cleveland Browns » Browns\u0027 record road comeback stuns TitansNFL.com Ho-hum, Brian Hoyer and the Cleveland Browns\u0027 offense fuel another comeback ...The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com In Depth:Greg Pogue Locker injured Titans let 25point lead get away in loss to BrownsFOXSports.com See all 698 sources » Related Tennessee Titans » Cleveland Browns » More Sports stories Science » CapitalbergSee realtime coverage Scientists Applauded For Making New Ocean Maps Capitalberg  - ?3 hours ago? Just imagine what the sailors of old would have done had they been able to see what lay below the waves of the seas. Even ocean faring vessels and explorers are curious as to what secrets are on the ocean floor. Related Maps » Thousands of undersea volcanoes revealed in new map of ocean floorLos Angeles Times New Satellite Map of Ocean Floor Reveals Thousands of Unseen MountainsBeta Wired Trending on Google+:Satellites detect \u0027thousands\u0027 of new ocean-bottom mountainsBBC News Opinion:Map Reveals New Underwater VolcanoesDaily Beast In Depth:Scientists Discover Thousands Of Uncharted Mountains Hidden Beneath The SeaHuffington Post See all 146 sources » Related Maps » Maine News OnlineSee realtime coverage Say Hi The Majorana Particle! Beta Wired  - ?1 hour ago? Anyone that has observed those scifi films where starships fly around at top speeds knows the characters will talk of how their anti-matter fuel or pods or whatever are either running out, need replacements, or are about to explode. Related Antimatter » Say Hello To The Majorana Particle!Capital Wired An obscure Majorna particle discovered, encompasses both matter and antimatterThe Westside Story Trending on Google+:Newly discovered particle is both matter and antimatter at the same timeEngadget See all 50 sources » Related Antimatter » DJ Spin3 hours ago  -  Google+ Newly Discovered Particle is Matter \u0026 Antimatter Simultaneously \"Researchers claim to have successfully imaged a Majorana particle, which exists as both matter and antimatter at the same t…ime. The team created it by placing a string of iron atoms on top of a lead superconductor, forming pairs of electrons and antielectrons\"    ~   Most impressive ... ( Full Story - http://goo.gl/DaC6mj ) #ScienceSunday   #Physics   #Matter   #AntiMatter   #Majorana   More Science stories Health » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Enterovirus killed New Jersey child, health official says Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? Enterovirus D-68 is responsible for the death of a 4-year-old boy in New Jersey, a state medical examiner determined this weekend. Related Enterovirus » Viruses » N.J. boy who died of enterovirus showed no symptoms: officialNew York Daily News Family of New Jersey boy who suddenly died of Enterovirus-D68 plan ...Daily Mail In Depth:New Jersey boy went to bed fine, didn\u0027t wake up -- due to enterovirus D68CNN See all 187 sources » Related Enterovirus » Viruses » NBC New York3 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Everyone who met Eli knows how he made people feel,\" said the dad of the 4-year-old killed by enterovirus D68 http://4.nbcny.com/Q2fb45h The Westside StorySee realtime coverage New Genes Found that Determine Your Height TIME  - ?1 hour ago? How tall you are is strongly related to the genes you inherit, and previous studies suggested that as much as 80% of the variance in height among people is due to their DNA. Related Genetics » Unhappy about being shorter than your brother? Blame your genes - Scientists ...Daily Mail Scientists break the genetic code responsible for tall human heightsThe Westside Story See all 24 sources » Related Genetics » NewsweekSee realtime coverage Home From the Ebola Hot Zone ABC News  - ?6 hours ago? After a week of reporting in Liberia, ABC News\u0027 Dr. Richard Besser discusses precautions taken for travelers returning from West Africa to the U.S.. 04:52 | 10/05/2014. Related Links: Watch: Ebola Scare at Newark Airport. Share: ... Related Ebola » Liberia » Man with Ebola wakes from the deadThe Age Man presumed dead is aliveBusiness Standard Trending on Google+:Ebola\u0027s Cultural Casualty: Hugs in Hands-On LiberiaNew York Times In Depth:Photographer covering Ebola: The world must seeChron.com Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia See all 291 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » The West Wire11 hours ago  -  Google+ Dallas Ebola Patient Lied on Airport Questionnaire About Being Near Ebola http://www.thewestwire.com/dallas-ebola-patient-lied-on-airport-questionnaire-about-being-near-ebola/ From TMZ Liberia: Airport document reaching Tmz Liberia Magazine have confirmed that Thomas Eric Duncan lied on his departur…e screening questionnaire before leaving Liberia. The paper shows that Duncan answered “no” to questions about whether he had cared for an Ebola patient or... #Ebola, #Liberia, #ThomasEricDuncan More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Household Debt and Signs of Drought Squeeze Thai Economy New York Times - 23 minutes ago Blocked: 1969 Super Bowl Star Dave Herman Diagnosed with CTE NBCNews.com - 20 minutes ago The Athlete Who Made LeBron James Possible New York Times - 16 minutes ago Weather for Somerville, Texas Today 88° 68° Mon 90° 70° Tue 90° 70° Wed 90° 73° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   RSL 0 1 51:51 2H CHV SEA 4-1 Final COL MTL 0-0 Final CHI MLB   LAA 1 3 Bot 2nd KC BAL 2-1 Final DET LAD 1412553600 STL WAS 1412553600 SF NFL   CHI 24-31 Final CAR STL 28-34 Final PHI ATL 20-30 Final NYG TB 31-37 Final NO PIT 17-9 Final JAX HOU 17-20 Final DAL CLE 29-28 Final TEN BAL 13-20 Final IND BUF 17-14 Final DET ARI 20-41 Final DEN KC 17-22 Final SF NYJ 0-31 Final SD CIN 1412555400 NE live match MLS   HOU 0-1 Final NY DAL 0-2 Final VAN CLB 1-2 Final NE TOR 0-3 Final LA POR 2-1 Final SJ MLB   SF 2-1 Final WAS STL 2-3 Final LAD Central Texas » Truck Fire Spreads to Garage of Bryan Home KBTX - 2 hours ago Bulldogs Blow Out Texas A\u0026M 48-31 KBTX - Oct 4, 2014 Dak Prescott unstoppable against Texas A\u0026M defense Bryan-College Station Eagle - 18 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Sunday Mail: Frustration Over Thompkins Departure Is Odd Boston.com staff Undefeated Bengals Aren\u0027t Perfect Erik Frenz Tensions Reported Between Brady, Coaches Boston.com staff Would Brady Want the Patriots Crowd From MNF, 1976? Doubt It Boston.com staff Michael Phelps Announces, Via Twitter, That He\u0027s Going to Rehab Boston.com staff Learn more Spotlight » How American parenting is killing the American marriage Quartz - Sep 30, 2014 Rhode Island Child Dies From Complications Of Enterovirus That Has Been ... CBS Local - Oct 1, 2014 NFL Picks Weeks 5: Bleacher Report\u0027s Expert Consensus Picks Bleacher Report - Oct 1, 2014 In Colorado, a Rebranding of Pot Inc. New York Times - Oct 3, 2014 Fantasy football rankings, Week 5: Wide receivers for standard, PPR leagues SB Nation - Oct 1, 2014 Why adults are buzzing about YA literature PBS NewsHour - Oct 4, 2014 Biz Break: Apple plans to debut new iPad on Oct. 16, multiple reports say MSN News - Sep 30, 2014 The Best Possible Day New York Times - 7 hours ago News Wrap: Violence erupts between police and protesters in Hong Kong PBS NewsHour - Oct 3, 2014 Our Understanding of Giraffes Does Not Measure Up New York Times - 2 hours ago Every Newly Emerging Disease Like Ebola Begins With a Mystery National Geographic - 12 hours ago The War on ISIS: Where in the Middle East is the Islamic State making gains? PBS NewsHour - 1 hour ago Most popular Patient being tested in Delaware for possible Ebola virus Fox News - 11 minutes ago Ben Affleck in angry debate on Islam Sydney Morning Herald - 11 minutes ago Mexico checks if 43 students in mass grave The Guardian Nigeria - 9 minutes ago Hewlett-Packard plans to break into two USA TODAY - 35 minutes ago Typhoon Washes Three US Airmen out to Sea in Japan NDTV - 12 minutes ago Finally! Sub-atomic particle observed, both matter \u0026 antimatter RT (blog) - Oct 4, 2014 Roast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?) Newsday - 22 minutes ago Genes that can make us taller are tracked The Times (subscription) - 1 hour ago Raiders band leader Revere dies Belfast Telegraph - 12 minutes ago Samsung faces \u0027ugly\u0027 quarter following Apple\u0027s bigger iPhones The Age - 1 hour agoABC NewsSee realtime coverage Expert \u0027would not be surprised\u0027 if new Ebola case emerges in Texas Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? The federal government\u0027s top infectious disease expert said Sunday he wouldn\u0027t be surprised if one of the people who had close contact with the Ebola patient in Dallas contracts the deadly virus. Related Ebola » CDC Chief: US Ebola Patient \u0027Fighting for His Life\u0027Voice of America CDC: Dallas Ebola patient \u0027fighting for his life\u0027Las Vegas Review-Journal In Depth:Ebola Patient in Dallas Hospital Takes Turn for Worse: CDCPhilly.com Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus cases in the United States See all 11,685 sources » Related Ebola » Before It\u0027s News4 hours ago  -  Google+ Dallas Ebola Patient to test U.S. containment protocols http://b4in.org/h9Wh The first Ebola patient to be diagnosed outside of Africa is receiving treatment in a hospital in Dallas. The CDC is for the most part keeping… mum on the subject, but there is no denying the fact that the event is a perfect – albeit unasked for – opportunity to put the United States’ outbreak containment measures to the test. Unlike the four previously imported cases of Ebola, this patien... USA TODAY USA TODAYEbola patient in Dallas \u0026#39;taken a turn for the worse\u0026#39; Ebola patient in Dallas \u0027taken a turn for the worse\u0027 - USA TODAY ABC News ABC NewsCDC\u0026#39;s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0026#39;We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0026#39; CDC\u0027s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0027We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0027 - ABC News Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital ABC News ABC News Texas Ebola Patient Not Receiving Experimental Medication Mic Mic The Scariest Thing About Ebola Has Nothing to Do With the Virus TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Can the U.S. really contain the deadly Ebola virus? ABC News ABC News Questions and Answers About the US Ebola Case TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know ABC News ABC News Family of US Ebola Patient Moves into Donated Home in Gated Community North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of Contact WGAL Lancaster WGAL Lancaster Ebola prompts talk of screening at airports ABC News ABC News What We Know About the Texas Ebola CaseLos Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago?USA TODAY USA TODAYEbola patient in Dallas \u0026#39;taken a turn for the worse\u0026#39; Ebola patient in Dallas \u0027taken a turn for the worse\u0027 - USA TODAY ABC News ABC NewsCDC\u0026#39;s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0026#39;We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0026#39; CDC\u0027s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0027We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0027 - ABC News Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital ABC News ABC News Texas Ebola Patient Not Receiving Experimental Medication Mic Mic The Scariest Thing About Ebola Has Nothing to Do With the Virus TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Can the U.S. really contain the deadly Ebola virus? ABC News ABC News Questions and Answers About the US Ebola Case TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know ABC News ABC News Family of US Ebola Patient Moves into Donated Home in Gated Community North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of Contact WGAL Lancaster WGAL Lancaster Ebola prompts talk of screening at airports ABC News ABC News What We Know About the Texas Ebola CaseUSA TODAY USA TODAYEbola patient in Dallas \u0026#39;taken a turn for the worse\u0026#39; Ebola patient in Dallas \u0027taken a turn for the worse\u0027 - USA TODAY ABC News ABC NewsCDC\u0026#39;s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0026#39;We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0026#39; CDC\u0027s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0027We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0027 - ABC News Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital ABC News ABC News Texas Ebola Patient Not Receiving Experimental Medication Mic Mic The Scariest Thing About Ebola Has Nothing to Do With the Virus TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Can the U.S. really contain the deadly Ebola virus? ABC News ABC News Questions and Answers About the US Ebola Case TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know ABC News ABC News Family of US Ebola Patient Moves into Donated Home in Gated Community North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of Contact WGAL Lancaster WGAL Lancaster Ebola prompts talk of screening at airports ABC News ABC News What We Know About the Texas Ebola CaseEbola patient in Dallas \u0027taken a turn for the worse\u0027 - USA TODAYCDC\u0027s Tom Frieden on Ebola: \u0027We Will Stop it in its Tracks\u0027 - ABC NewsCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - ReutersDaily MailSee realtime coverage Journalist with Ebola on way to Nebraska hospital Toledo Blade  - ?11 minutes ago? OMAHA, Neb. - An American photojournalist who contracted the deadly Ebola virus while working in West Africa has begun his journey home for treatment. Related Ebola » NBC » US journalist with Ebola to arrive in Nebraska MondayTHE BUSINESS TIMES (subscription) Nebraska hospital prepares for arrival of Ebola patientDaily Mail In Depth:Journalist with Ebola has passion for LiberiaAl-Arabiya See all 1,050 sources » Related Ebola » NBC »Toledo Blade  - ?11 minutes ago?Hindustan TimesSee realtime coverage Lawyer: No fast ID for bodies in Mexico mass grave FOX6 WBRC - MyFoxAL.com  - ?24 minutes ago? (AP Photo/Alejandrino Gonzalez). Mexican marines guard the road that leads to the site where an alleged clandestine mass grave was found near the city of Iguala, Mexico, Saturday Oct. 4, 2014. Burned bodies found in south Mexico grave7Online WSVN-TV See all 424 sources » Related: Mexico » Mass graves » Police » Chicago Tribune2 hours ago  -  Google+ Mass graves found in Mexico may contain bodies of missing students Bodies found in mass graves in southwestern Mexico are feared to be those of students who went missing last month after they clashe…d with corrupt local police, authorities said on Sunday.FOX6 WBRC - MyFoxAL.com  - ?24 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Orioles sweep Tigers, advance to ALCS USA TODAY  - ?52 minutes ago? DETROIT --- Twenty-nine teams were scared off by Nelson Cruz\u0027s drug suspension and advancing age. The Baltimore Orioles were the 30th team and they are happy they took a chance on the 34-year-old designated hitter. BOX SCORE: Orioles 2, Tigers 1. Related Detroit Tigers » Baltimore Orioles » American League Division Series » Baltimore Orioles Sweep Detroit Tigers To Seal Spot In American League ...Huffington Post With 2-1 win, Orioles sweep Tigers to advance to AL Championship SeriesBaltimore Sun Trending on Google+:Baltimore Orioles power their way past Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of ALDSFOXSports.com In Depth:2014 ALDS: Orioles beat Tigers, 2-1, to complete sweep and advance to AL ...Washington Post See all 2,480 sources » Related Detroit Tigers » Baltimore Orioles » American League Division Series » CBS Sports45 minutes ago  -  Google+ Get the broomsticks! The Baltimore Orioles complete the sweep against the Detroit Tigers and are headed the ALCS for the first time since 97\u0027!USA TODAY  - ?52 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Sierra Leone records 121 Ebola deaths in a single day Reuters  - ?11 minutes ago? FREETOWN (Reuters) - Sierra Leone recorded 121 deaths from Ebola and scores of new infections in one of the single deadliest days since the disease appeared in the West African country more than four months ago, government health statistics showed on ... Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Visitors tell of Ebola struggles in Sierra LeonePhilly.com Sierra Leone officials struggle to recover bodies of Ebola victimseuronews Trending on Google+:How Ebola sped out of controlWashington Post Opinion:Ebola fight calls for caution, not hysteria: #tellusatodayUSA TODAY In Depth:How To Stop Ebola: Ban Air Travel From Liberia, Sierra Leone, And GuineaForbes Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus epidemic in Sierra Leone See all 1,331 sources » Related Ebola » 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak » Before It\u0027s News5 hours ago  -  Google+ Ebola deaths reach 3,338, but widely undercounted, WHO says http://b4in.org/j9L7 The death toll from the world’s worst Ebola outbreak on record reached 3,338 people out of 7,178 cases in West Africa as of Sept. 28, the …World Health Organization said on Wednesday. It said the total number of new cases had fallen for a second week, but warned against reading any good news into the figures as they were almost certainly under-reported and there were few signs of the e...Reuters  - ?11 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Hewlett-Packard plans to break into two USA TODAY  - ?35 minutes ago? Hewlett-Packard, a pioneer in business computers, plans to break into two parts as it separates its personal-computer and printer businesses from its technology services. Related Hewlett-Packard » Printers » Hewlett-Packard reportedly plans to split into two companiesLos Angeles Times HP to split into two businessesSFGate In Depth:Silicon Valley giant Hewlett-Packard to split in two: WSJReuters See all 135 sources » Related Hewlett-Packard » Printers » CNNMoney3 hours ago  -  Google+ The next step for computing giant #HewlettPackard\u0027s restructuring may be a split into two companies. The Wall Street Journal, citing unnamed sources, reported Sunday that HP plans to put the PC and printer opera…tions under one roof and its business that provides software and services to corporate customers under another. http://cnnmon.ie/1nW5POg HP to split into two companies, report saysUSA TODAY  - ?35 minutes ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Brazil Voting for President; Runoff Likely Voice of America  - ?18 minutes ago? Brazilians are going to the polls to vote in the presidential race that is expected to result in a runoff campaign and election later this month. Related Dilma Rousseff » Brazil » Elections » Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff to face challenger Aecio Neves in second ...National Post Brazil\u0027s Dilma Rousseff to face presidential run-offBBC News Opinion:Brazilians vote after surprising presidential raceBoston Herald In Depth:Neves to Face Rousseff in Brazil in Surprise ComebackBusinessweek See all 285 sources » Related Dilma Rousseff » Brazil » Elections » Alexander Howard1 hour ago  -  Google+ Whoa.  Searched for for \"elections Brazil.\" Google gave an infobox + map: https://www.google.com.br/elections/explorer?hl\u003den President Dilma Rousseff and Neves look headed for a head to head matchup in the second round.Voice of America  - ?18 minutes ago?Getty ImagesSee realtime coverage Globe in Hong Kong: Police response against protesters fails to materialize The Globe and Mail  - ?16 minutes ago? People have begun leaving a downtown Hong Kong protest site after a long tense night of waiting for a police response that had not, by 5 a.m. Related Hong Kong » The tumultuous week of protests that has shaken Hong KongFinancial Times Hong Kong protesters split after call to retreatMarketWatch Opinion:For clarity on Hong KongThe Hindu Wikipedia:2014 Hong Kong protests See all 2,919 sources » Related Hong Kong » Al Jazeera English5 hours ago  -  Google+ Pro-democracy protesters have held a week of rallies in Hong Kong demanding direct representation in government without interference from Beijing. Al Jazeera\u0027s Divya Gopalan spoke to Audrey Eu Yue…t-mee, the chairwoman of the territory\u0027s Civic Party, who has been active in the ongoing protests. Eu spoke to Al Jazeera in Admiralty hours before a Monday deadline for protesters to clear the streets: http://aje.me/1rcr7Sc Q\u0026A: Hong Kong protest leader Audrey EuThe Globe and Mail  - ?16 minutes ago?Business RecorderSee realtime coverage UAE says Biden apologises for any implication it supported militants Daily Mail  - ?1 hour ago? DUBAI, Oct 5 (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Sunday that U.S. Vice President Joe Biden had apologised to the Abu Dhabi crown prince for \"any implications\" in a speech he made last week that the UAE had supported Islamist militants in Syria. Related Joe Biden » United Arab Emirates » Humbled Biden apologizes to UAE after accusing it of terrorism fundingRT Biden calls UAE prince to clarify remarks on SyriaMiamiHerald.com From United Arab Emirates:Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed receives apology from US vice president BidenThe National Opinion:Biden Calls to UAE to \u0027Clarify\u0027 Islamic State CommentsBusinessweek See all 109 sources » Related Joe Biden » United Arab Emirates »Daily Mail  - ?1 hour ago?RTSee realtime coverage Suicide bomber kills 5 police officers Financial Times  - ?3 hours ago? A suicide bomber killed five police officers and injured another 12 on Sunday in Grozny according to the Russian government. It was the first major violent attack in Russia\u0027s restive Caucasus republic of Chechnya in four years. Related Chechnya » Police » Suicide attacks » 4 Russian police killed in Chechnya suicide attackFox News Latino Five killed in suicide bombing in Chechen capitalBBC News From Russia:Chechen Health Ministry Says Able to Help Grozny Bombing Victims Without ...RIA Novosti Trending on Google+:At least 5 police killed in suicide blast outside concert hall in Chechnya, RussiaRT Opinion:Chechen leader says police prevented large-scale terrorist attack in Grozny ...ITAR-TASS See all 127 sources » Related Chechnya » Police » Suicide attacks » Occupy The Polls4 hours ago  -  Google+ At least 5 police killed in suicide blast outside concert hall in #Chechnya , Russia -- http://rt.com/news/193336-chechnya-russia-suicide-bomber/ The incident happened ahead of a concert dedicated to City Day in #Grozny, which is home to over 280,000 people, most of t…hem Chechens. According to the Internal Affairs Ministry, police forces noticed a suspicious man outside a concert hall. \"Police officers who were manning metal detectors at the entrance of the concert hall noticed a suspicious young man. When ...Financial Times  - ?3 hours ago?CBS NewsSee realtime coverage A memorial for veterans who lived CNN  - ?2 hours ago? Washington (CNN) -- 45 years ago, while on patrol in Vietnam\u0027s Mekong Delta, Dennis Joyner was suddenly faced with his own mortality. Related American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial » Disabled American Veterans » At memorial to wounded vets, Obama says America must strive to keep others ...Fox News Obama Urges Stronger Support for US VeteransBusinessweek In Depth:Obama Dedicates Memorial Honoring Wounded VeteransHuffington Post See all 68 sources » Related American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial » Disabled American Veterans »CNN  - ?2 hours ago?MyArkLaMissSee realtime coverage Train derails in NE Louisiana, 2-hour evacuation Auburn Citizen  - ?10 minutes ago? MER ROUGE, La. (AP) - Officials in northeast Louisiana say two train engineers are in serious condition after a freight train hit a transport truck, derailing two engines and 16 tank and hopper cars. Related Mer Rouge » Train derails in NE Louisiana, causing gas leakMiamiHerald.com Train derails in Mer Rouge, argon gas leakingSFGate See all 22 sources » Related Mer Rouge »Auburn Citizen  - ?10 minutes ago?U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Becton Dickinson buys Carefusion for $12.2 billion mySanAntonio.com  - ?26 minutes ago? FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J. (AP) - New Jersey medical equipment maker Becton Dickinson and Co. says it will pay $12.2 billion for rival Carefusion in a combination focused on medication systems for hospitals and pharmacies. Related CareFusion Corp » Becton Dickinson » BD to buy CareFusion for $12.2 billionU-T San Diego Becton Dickinson to Buy CareFusion in Deal Valued at $12.2 BillionTheStreet.com In Depth:Becton, Dickinson Agrees to Acquire CareFusion for $12.2BBloomberg See all 30 sources » Related CareFusion Corp » Becton Dickinson » RTTNews10 minutes ago  -  Google+ Becton, Dickinson To Buy CareFusion For $12.2 Bln - Becton, Dickinson and Co. (BDX) Sunday said it agreed to buy medical devices maker CareFusion Corp. (CFN) for $12.2 billion in a cash-and-stock deal…. http://ow.ly/2ODPc7 Becton, Dickinson To Buy CareFusion For $12.2 BlnmySanAntonio.com  - ?26 minutes ago?UPI.comSee realtime coverage Stanford student reveals Facebook Messenger payment feature VentureBeat  - ?1 hour ago? On Saturday, Stanford University computer science student Audrew Aude tweeted that he had found and played with a payment feature in Facebook Messenger, which he dug out with the developer tool Cycript. Related Facebook Messenger » Facebook » More Details Leaked About Facebook\u0027s Messenger-Based Payments SystemPC Magazine Code hints that Facebook Messenger will let you pay your friendsEngadget Trending on Google+:Hacked Screenshots Show Friend-To-Friend Payments Feature Hidden In ...TechCrunch (blog) Opinion:You Could Soon Be Able To Send Your Friends Money Using Facebook ...Business Insider See all 19 sources » Related Facebook Messenger » Facebook »VentureBeat  - ?1 hour ago?BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Samsung Poised for \u0027Ugly\u0027 Quarter as IPhones Get Bigger Businessweek  - ?4 hours ago? The new Samsung Electronics Co. Galaxy Note Edge smartphone is displayed for the media in New York, on Sept. 3, 2014. Photographer: Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg. Related Samsung Group » Samsung Galaxy Note series » iPhone » Some iPhone Users Say Their Hair Gets Caught When Making Calls—Ouch!PC Magazine The Samsung Galaxy Note 4 \u0027Gapgate\u0027: Overblown or Serious Issue?Newsweek Trending on Google+:Samsung Galaxy Note 4 delivers poor graphics performance vs. Apple iPhone 6 ...Apple Insider Opinion:Samsung Built A Robot Butt To Prove Their Phones Won\u0027t Bend Like The New ...MTV.com See all 440 sources » Related Samsung Group » Samsung Galaxy Note series » iPhone » Stefan Svartling10 hours ago  -  Google+ Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Performs Bad Compared To iPhone 6 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Performs Bad Compared To iPhone 6 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note 4 performs very poor, compared to the iPhone 6 Plus in the latest benchmarks. Especially when it comes to graphics …performance and games. To me that proves that adding high resolution displays (2K, 4K) is pointless. It only makes the device perform bad. Check this video out!Businessweek  - ?4 hours ago?SavingAdvice.comSee realtime coverage Redbox Instant Throws in the Towel on Their Streaming Video Service SavingAdvice.com  - ?42 minutes ago? There are a lot of companies that would like to be able to offer a service comparable to Netflix, but it\u0027s not nearly as easy as it may first appear. Related Redbox » Streaming media » Verizon Communications » Failed streaming service Redbox Instant to shut down on TuesdayAfterdawn.com Verizon to end Redbox Instant streaming service on Oct 7, tired of Netflix growthThe Hoops News Highly Cited:Verizon\u0027s Redbox Instant Video Streaming To Shut DownHuffington Post Trending on Google+:Verizon\u0027s RedBox Instant Is Dead, Jim, Less Than Two Years After Its DebutAndroid Police Opinion:Redbox Instant Will Shut Down Streaming Video on October 7thGizmodo See all 96 sources » Related Redbox » Streaming media » Verizon Communications » Thomas Tenkely8 hours ago  -  Google+ Netflix tightens grip on streaming media as Verizon shuts down Redbox Instant via Yahoo News Digest Get the app and the day\u0027s need-to-know news. https://yho.com/newsdigestall Yahoo News Digest - Get in the know in no time.SavingAdvice.com  - ?42 minutes ago?Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage Studying the Steve Jobs industrial complex Sydney Morning Herald  - ?56 minutes ago? This post was originally published on Mashable. \"This is a very strange business and a very strange endeavour of life,\" Steve Jobs once said in a candid interview about his legacy in 1994. Related Apple Inc. » Steve Jobs » Google » Apple CEO Tim Cook and Eric Schmidt remember Steve Jobs on third ...Inferse Steve Jobs makes world a better place FROM BEYOND THE GRAVERegister Trending on Google+:The Steve Jobs Industrial ComplexMashable Opinion:Celebrate Steve Jobs\u0027 life with this amazing video from 1997Cult of Mac See all 120 sources » Related Apple Inc. » Steve Jobs » Google »Sydney Morning Herald  - ?56 minutes ago?Entertainment WeeklySee realtime coverage Strong debuts of \u0027Gone Girl,\u0027 \u0027Annabelle\u0027 boost box office Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? David Fincher\u0027s “Gone Girl” edged out low-budget horror film “Anabelle” by less than $1 million to claim the top spot at the weekend box office. Related Gone Girl » Ben Affleck » Top-grossing films for the Oct. 3-5 weekendWashington Post Did Gone Girl Kill It at the Weekend Box Office?Stockton Record Opinion:Weekend Box Office Wrap Up: October 5th, 2014Screen Rant In Depth:Top 10 Box Office Takeaways: \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 \u0026 \u0027Annabelle Lead Record October ...Indie Wire (blog) Wikipedia:Gone Girl See all 188 sources » Related Gone Girl » Ben Affleck »Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago?Boston HeraldSee realtime coverage Roast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?) Newsday  - ?22 minutes ago? Add comment. Roast of Joan Rivers on \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 (Too soon?) Updated October 5, 2014 10:13 AM By BY VERNE GAY verne. Related Sarah Silverman » Saturday Night Live » Joan Rivers » \u0027SNL\u0027 Mocks Ebola Panic With \u0027The Fault In Our Stars 2: The Ebola In Our ...Huffington Post (satire) Watch the SNL Digital Short That Celebrates White People Being on Top, For NowSlate Magazine (blog) Trending on Google+:Maroon 5 Harmonizes with Sarah Silverman in \u0027SNL\u0027 PromoBillboard Opinion:5 Things Sarah Silverman Learned On \u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027MTV.com In Depth:\u0027Saturday Night Live\u0027 pokes fun of Ebola in Texas and white declineseattlepi.com (blog) See all 205 sources » Related Sarah Silverman » Saturday Night Live » Joan Rivers » Saturday Night Live10 hours ago  -  Google+ FULL EPISODE: Sarah Silverman hosts #SNL with musical guest + Maroon 5 ! http://bit.ly/1uN8VWR NEXT WEEK: Bill Hader returns with music from Hozier!Newsday  - ?22 minutes ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage North West Has Her Own Set of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Dolls—Take a ... E! Online  - ?47 minutes ago? Who needs Barbies when you can have this amazing toy?! Khloé Kardashian took to Instagram where she revealed two dolls modeled after North West\u0027s mom and dad, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Kim Kardashian fears nude photo scandal will \u0027undo\u0027 hard work on her reputationIrish Independent Kim Kardashian orders a little help refusing to get out of her car at gas stationDaily Mail Opinion:North West Has a Set of Kim and Kanye Dolls, SeriouslyBillboard See all 104 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » E! Entertainment9 hours ago  -  Google+ Kris Jenner Admits to Keeping Track of Kim Kardashian Through Google Alerts and Dishes on North West Rumors--Watch the Clip! Kris Jenner Admits to Keeping Track of Kim Kardashian Through Google Alerts...E! Online  - ?47 minutes ago?Boston HeraldSee realtime coverage Pat-thetic week calls for a gut check Boston Herald  - ?17 minutes ago? UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY: Patriots leaders and future Hall of Famers Tom Brady, left, and Bill Belichick are experiencing a largely foreign phenomenon of being doubted as they face their second straight prime-time test tonight. Related New England Patriots » Cincinnati Bengals » Tom Brady » Burfict, Jones inactive for unbeaten BengalsSFGate Vontaze Burfict inactive for Bengals against PatriotsNFL.com In Depth:Bengals-Patriots PreviewNESN.com Live Updating:How to watch \u0027Sunday Night Football\u0027: Live stream, start time and TV scheduleSB Nation See all 714 sources » Related New England Patriots » Cincinnati Bengals » Tom Brady »Boston Herald  - ?17 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Beckham, in Debut, and Williams Help Giants Top Falcons New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? Odell Beckham Jr. scored on a 15-yard completion from Eli Manning in the fourth quarter. Credit Chang W. Lee/The New York Times. Continue reading the main story. Related New York Giants » Odell Beckham Jr. catches game-winning touchdown, NY Giants win third ...New York Daily News Giants Q \u0026 A: Slow start, great endNewsday In Depth:Giants rally to clip Falcons, 30-20Reuters See all 461 sources » Related New York Giants »New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Lions kicking woes catch up in 17-14 loss to Bills SFGate  - ?47 minutes ago? DETROIT (AP) - The Detroit Lions have another placekicking problem. Injuries are catching up to them as well. Alex Henery missed all three field-goal attempts, including a 50-yarder with 21 seconds left, and receiver Calvin Johnson and running back ... Related Detroit Lions » Buffalo Bills » Schwartz, Carpenter help Bills put boots to LionsReuters Bills give ex-Lions coach Jim Schwartz victory rideThe Detroit News Opinion:Bills Edge Imploding Lions With Field Goal; Jim Schwartz Carried AwayDeadspin Live Updating:Live updates: Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills (chat)MLive.com See all 607 sources » Related Detroit Lions » Buffalo Bills »SFGate  - ?47 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Manning Throws 500th TD Pass In Win ESPN  - ?8 minutes ago? Peyton Manning became the second player in NFL history to throw 500 touchdown passes as the Broncos defeated the Cardinals 41-20. Tags: NFL, Arizona Cardinals, Denver Broncos, Peyton Manning, Demaryius Thomas, Juwan Thompson, Julius Thomas, ... Related Denver Broncos » Peyton Manning » Peyton Manning joins Brett Favre with 500 TD passesUSA TODAY Peyton Manning becomes second QB with 500 TDsNFL.com In Depth:NFL Game Summary - Arizona at DenverSports Network See all 498 sources » Related Denver Broncos » Peyton Manning »ESPN  - ?8 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Browns erase 25-point deficit, rally to stun Titans ESPN  - ?16 minutes ago? NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- The Cleveland Browns shook off a sluggish start with a finish for the NFL record book. Brian Hoyer threw a 6-yard touchdown pass to Travis Benjamin with 1:09 left, and the Browns rallied from a 25-point deficit to beat the Tennessee ... Related Tennessee Titans » Cleveland Browns » Browns\u0027 record road comeback stuns TitansNFL.com Ho-hum, Brian Hoyer and the Cleveland Browns\u0027 offense fuel another comeback ...The Plain Dealer - cleveland.com In Depth:Greg Pogue Locker injured Titans let 25point lead get away in loss to BrownsFOXSports.com See all 698 sources » Related Tennessee Titans » Cleveland Browns »ESPN  - ?16 minutes ago?CapitalbergSee realtime coverage Scientists Applauded For Making New Ocean Maps Capitalberg  - ?3 hours ago? Just imagine what the sailors of old would have done had they been able to see what lay below the waves of the seas. Even ocean faring vessels and explorers are curious as to what secrets are on the ocean floor. Related Maps » Thousands of undersea volcanoes revealed in new map of ocean floorLos Angeles Times New Satellite Map of Ocean Floor Reveals Thousands of Unseen MountainsBeta Wired Trending on Google+:Satellites detect \u0027thousands\u0027 of new ocean-bottom mountainsBBC News Opinion:Map Reveals New Underwater VolcanoesDaily Beast In Depth:Scientists Discover Thousands Of Uncharted Mountains Hidden Beneath The SeaHuffington Post See all 146 sources » Related Maps »Capitalberg  - ?3 hours ago?Maine News OnlineSee realtime coverage Say Hi The Majorana Particle! Beta Wired  - ?1 hour ago? Anyone that has observed those scifi films where starships fly around at top speeds knows the characters will talk of how their anti-matter fuel or pods or whatever are either running out, need replacements, or are about to explode. Related Antimatter » Say Hello To The Majorana Particle!Capital Wired An obscure Majorna particle discovered, encompasses both matter and antimatterThe Westside Story Trending on Google+:Newly discovered particle is both matter and antimatter at the same timeEngadget See all 50 sources » Related Antimatter » DJ Spin3 hours ago  -  Google+ Newly Discovered Particle is Matter \u0026 Antimatter Simultaneously \"Researchers claim to have successfully imaged a Majorana particle, which exists as both matter and antimatter at the same t…ime. The team created it by placing a string of iron atoms on top of a lead superconductor, forming pairs of electrons and antielectrons\"    ~   Most impressive ... ( Full Story - http://goo.gl/DaC6mj ) #ScienceSunday   #Physics   #Matter   #AntiMatter   #Majorana  Beta Wired  - ?1 hour ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage Enterovirus killed New Jersey child, health official says Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? Enterovirus D-68 is responsible for the death of a 4-year-old boy in New Jersey, a state medical examiner determined this weekend. Related Enterovirus » Viruses » N.J. boy who died of enterovirus showed no symptoms: officialNew York Daily News Family of New Jersey boy who suddenly died of Enterovirus-D68 plan ...Daily Mail In Depth:New Jersey boy went to bed fine, didn\u0027t wake up -- due to enterovirus D68CNN See all 187 sources » Related Enterovirus » Viruses » NBC New York3 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Everyone who met Eli knows how he made people feel,\" said the dad of the 4-year-old killed by enterovirus D68 http://4.nbcny.com/Q2fb45hLos Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago?The Westside StorySee realtime coverage New Genes Found that Determine Your Height TIME  - ?1 hour ago? How tall you are is strongly related to the genes you inherit, and previous studies suggested that as much as 80% of the variance in height among people is due to their DNA. Related Genetics » Unhappy about being shorter than your brother? Blame your genes - Scientists ...Daily Mail Scientists break the genetic code responsible for tall human heightsThe Westside Story See all 24 sources » Related Genetics »TIME  - ?1 hour ago?NewsweekSee realtime coverage Home From the Ebola Hot Zone ABC News  - ?6 hours ago? After a week of reporting in Liberia, ABC News\u0027 Dr. Richard Besser discusses precautions taken for travelers returning from West Africa to the U.S.. 04:52 | 10/05/2014. Related Links: Watch: Ebola Scare at Newark Airport. Share: ... Related Ebola » Liberia » Man with Ebola wakes from the deadThe Age Man presumed dead is aliveBusiness Standard Trending on Google+:Ebola\u0027s Cultural Casualty: Hugs in Hands-On LiberiaNew York Times In Depth:Photographer covering Ebola: The world must seeChron.com Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia See all 291 sources » Related Ebola » Liberia » The West Wire11 hours ago  -  Google+ Dallas Ebola Patient Lied on Airport Questionnaire About Being Near Ebola http://www.thewestwire.com/dallas-ebola-patient-lied-on-airport-questionnaire-about-being-near-ebola/ From TMZ Liberia: Airport document reaching Tmz Liberia Magazine have confirmed that Thomas Eric Duncan lied on his departur…e screening questionnaire before leaving Liberia. The paper shows that Duncan answered “no” to questions about whether he had cared for an Ebola patient or... #Ebola, #Liberia, #ThomasEricDuncanABC News  - ?6 hours ago?Today 88° 68° Mon 90° 70° Tue 90° 70° Wed 90° 73°Today YesterdayMLS  RSL 0 1 51:51 2H CHVSEA 4-1 Final COLMTL 0-0 Final CHIMLB  LAA 1 3 Bot 2nd KCBAL 2-1 Final DETLAD 1412553600 STLWAS 1412553600 SFNFL  CHI 24-31 Final CARSTL 28-34 Final PHIATL 20-30 Final NYGTB 31-37 Final NOPIT 17-9 Final JAXHOU 17-20 Final DALCLE 29-28 Final TENBAL 13-20 Final INDBUF 17-14 Final DETARI 20-41 Final DENKC 17-22 Final SFNYJ 0-31 Final SDCIN 1412555400 NEMLS  HOU 0-1 Final NYDAL 0-2 Final VANCLB 1-2 Final NETOR 0-3 Final LAPOR 2-1 Final SJMLB  SF 2-1 Final WASSTL 2-3 Final LAD -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":4,"second":20},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
