{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentSotloff was citizen of both USA, IsraelHow stolen credit cards are fenced on the Dark WebMichael Bloomberg to Return to Lead Company He FoundedMLS  MLB  MLB  New York »Arts Center at Ground Zero Shelves Gehry Design\"Greening\" NYC Nail Salons for Customers and WorkersSherri Shepherd dishes about Broadway and Barbara WaltersEditors\u0027 PicksIn His Professional Twilight, a Son of Mississippi Considers His Legacy...Losing Ground: Southeast Louisiana is Disappearing, QuicklyA Judge’s Status, Robed in SilenceA Reading List for Following the Debt Ceiling DramaThe Opportunity GapSpotlight »Are Americans a stingy lot of people?Where to Print Those Vacation PhotosShovels \u0026 Rope: Inside the Relationship of Americana\u0027s Darling DuoDespite Ukraine peace talks, military tensions escalateA Prisoner\u0027s Beard Offers the Next Test of Religious Liberty for the Supreme CourtWhy so many college grads are highly-educated, well placed, and going nowhereReady, Aim, Fire. Not Fire, Ready, Aim.Could Cave Carving Be First Neanderthal Art?Google Sets Out to Build Its Own Quantum ComputerChildhood Diet Habits Set in Infancy, Studies SuggestFantastically Wrong: The Imaginary Radiation That Shocked Science and ...Japan to Resume Whaling Next Year, Despite UN BanMost popularJoe Biden vows to chase Islamic State to \u0027gates of hell.\u0027 Does he mean it?Joan Rivers Leaves ICU, Moved to Private RoomSotloff was citizen of both USA, IsraelKnee Defender: Passenger defends his upright seat device (+video)Kaley Cuoco Addresses Nude Photo Leaks With Topless PictureSamsung hits high Note as IFA kicks offNevada Appears To Have The Winning Hand For Tesla\u0027s GigafactoryUkrainian premier rejects Putin ceasefire planThe Asian Camel Cricket and 10 Other Invasive Species You Might Not KnowEbola Survivors: Hospital Staff Exposed in Africa","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesFamily: Steven Sotloff was dedicated reporter but \"no war junkie\"Dem candidate drops out of Senate race in Kansas against Sen. RobertsPutin Sets Out Peace Terms for UkraineNevada Appears To Have The Winning Hand For Tesla\u0027s GigafactoryPatrick McEnroe Out as USTA Player Development HeadLatest US doc to get Ebola skipped protective gear in 100-degree heat, says ...World »Family of Isis hostage kept silent for 19 long monthsRand: Team Up With Assad to Stop ISISU.S. »Officer: Boss told me to \u0027shut up\u0027 about bridgeUtah judge rules against Josh Powell\u0027s family in estate caseNY / Region|New York St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Lifts Ban on Gay Groups13 Hurt in Science Demo Explosion at Reno MuseumBusiness »CVS Stops Selling CigarettesPath of Stolen Credit Cards Leads Back to Home DepotAugust auto sales reach an 11-year highTechnology »Turn your Note 4 tablet into an Oculus Rift with Samsung\u0027s new Gear VRiCloud celebrity photo hack: texts, address books and more \u0027also accessible\u0027Entertainment »Joan Rivers is out of intensive care, Melissa Rivers saysKim Kardashian Shares Butt-Naked Photo From Racy British GQ Photo Spread ...McKayla Maroney Instagram Photos: So Much Awesomeness, Zero Hacking ...George Clooney to direct film on British phone hacking scandalSports »What\u0027s different about the 2014 Green Bay Packers?Peyton Manning is ready to face former teammate Mike AdamsSam Gains Second Chance by Joining the Cowboys\u0027 Practice SquadDavid Krejci signs extension with BruinsNishikori and Makarova Reach US Open Semifinals for First TimeScience »Camel Crickets Are Now Found Abundantly In Eastern USDeep sea \u0027mushroom\u0027 may be new branch of lifeHealth »CMS: Health spending to hit $5.2T within 10 yearsGates Foundation awards $25 million to HIV vaccine researchUninformed breast cancer patients more apt to consider removing the other ...RecentNew York »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 4 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 4 2013 2014 2015AUG SEP OCT42013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories CBS NewsSee realtime coverage Family: Steven Sotloff was dedicated reporter but \"no war junkie\" CBS News  - ?28 minutes ago? PINECREST, Fla.- The family of a journalist slain by Islamic militants says Steven Sotloff dedicated his life to portraying the suffering of people in conflict zones, but was \"no war junkie. Related United States of America » Sotloff was citizen of both USA, IsraelUSA TODAY Steven J. SotloffWall Street Journal Featured:Obama Says Beheading Shows Need for International ActionBloomberg Highly Cited:Friends of Steven Sotloff speak admiringly of his talent, passionCNN International Trending on Google+:ISIS Says It Killed Steven Sotloff After US Strikes in Northern IraqNew York Times Wikipedia:Steven Sotloff See all 3,535 sources » Related United States of America » Jendhamuni Sos2 hours ago  -  Google+ Israel reveals that Steven Sotloff was also an Israeli citizen Remembering Steven Sotloff As President Obama confirmed the authenticity of the video showing the execution of journalist Steven Sotlo…ff by ISIL, an Israeli spokesman revealed that Sotloff held dual American-Israeli citizenship. According to Reuters, this biographical detail had been previously withheld to minimize the risks that Sotloff\u0027s captivity already engendered. Sotloff... Israel reveals that Steven Sotloff was also an Israeli citizen CNN CNNWhite House working to verify beheading video White House working to verify beheading video - CNN CNN CNNChildhood friend: Steven was my hero Childhood friend: Steven was my hero - CNN CNN CNNDoes the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? Does the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? - CNN Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal \u0027Brave and Very Imaginative,\u0027 Freelance Journalist Steven Sotloff Spoke of ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Foley, Sotloff Videos Not Shot at Same Time: US Officials NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will Hold ISIS Accountable After Steven Sotloff Slaying: Kerry NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will \u0027Degrade and Destroy\u0027 ISIS Militants, Obama Says WXII The Triad WXII The Triad Sotloff family to ISIS: Where is your mercy? NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Steven Sotloff Gave Voice to Voiceless, Family Says Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Dem candidate drops out of Senate race in Kansas against Sen. Roberts Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The Democratic candidate in the race against Sen. Pat Roberts in Kansas ended his campaign Wednesday, leaving an independent candidate and a Libertarian candidate to face off against the three-term Republican incumbent. Related United States Senate » Democratic Party » Pat Roberts » Democrat Chad Taylor drops out of Kansas Senate race -- and Democrats cheerMSNBC Democrat Chad Taylor withdraws from U.S. Senate race in KansasThe San Luis Obispo Tribune Opinion:THINGS JUST GOT INTERESTINGDaily Beast In Depth:Dem\u0027s withdrawal poses threat to RobertsPolitico Wikipedia:United States Senate election in Kansas, 2014 See all 69 sources » Related United States Senate » Democratic Party » Pat Roberts » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Putin Sets Out Peace Terms for Ukraine Wall Street Journal  - ?13 minutes ago? MOSCOW—Russian President Vladimir Putin pushed a cease-fire deal with Ukraine that would freeze in place gains made by Russian-backed separatists, setting the stage for the kind of partitioning Moscow has used to tame other neighbors. Related Ukraine » Vladimir Putin » Russia » Tech Shares Lead Nasdaq Lower in Quiet Day of TradingNew York Times Ukraine government derides Russia ceasefire plan before Nato summitIrish Times From Russia:Some Countries to Discuss Military Aid To Ukraine During Ukraine-NATO ...RIA Novosti Opinion:France halts warship delivery to RussiaThe Globe and Mail In Depth:NATO leaders gather amid new menace from old foeWashington Post See all 6,515 sources » Related Ukraine » Vladimir Putin » Russia » Tourej Ansari11 hours ago  -  Google+ Confusion as Ukraine and Russia announce progress towards peace Ukraine said on Wednesday its president had agreed with Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin on steps towards a \"ceasefire regime\" in …Kiev\u0027s conflict with pro-Russian rebels, but the Kremlin denied any actual truce deal, sowing confusion on the eve of a NATO summit. Related Stories Putin: Ukraine must withdraw, rebels must halt Associated Press Ukraine seeks to join NATO; def... ForbesSee realtime coverage Nevada Appears To Have The Winning Hand For Tesla\u0027s Gigafactory Forbes  - ?8 minutes ago? Tesla Motors Tesla Motors and the Nevada governor\u0027s office say there will be a significant economic announcement in Carson City, the state capitol, on Thursday. Related Tesla Motors » Nevada » Nevada and Tesla Hint at Site of FactoryNew York Times Tesla said to select Nevada for its first battery GigafactoryChicago Tribune Highly Cited:Tesla chooses Nevada for battery factory: SourcesCNBC Opinion:Gigadollars in tax breaks not enough lure new Tesla factoryLos Angeles Times In Depth:Report: Tesla will build its Gigafactory in Nevada, not TexasDallas Morning News (blog) See all 258 sources » Related Tesla Motors » Nevada » Gigaom3 hours ago  -  Google+ Reports indicate Tesla is eyeing the Reno, Nevada area for its battery factory. A look at the changing face of Reno: Why the \u0027world\u0027s biggest little city\u0027 is attracting Apple \u0026 Tesla …http://bit.ly/Z7s8Fa The changing face of Reno: Why the ‘world’s biggest little city’ is... New York TimesSee realtime coverage Patrick McEnroe Out as USTA Player Development Head New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? Patrick McEnroe was expected to announce Wednesday evening that he was stepping down as head of player development for the United States Tennis Association. Related Patrick McEnroe » United States Tennis Association » Patrick McEnroe to resign as USTA head of ...Washington Times AP Source: Patrick McEnroe resigning at USTAseattlepi.com In Depth:Patrick McEnroe to Resign as Head of USTA Player DevelopmentWall Street Journal See all 39 sources » Related Patrick McEnroe » United States Tennis Association » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Latest US doc to get Ebola skipped protective gear in 100-degree heat, says ... Fox News  - ?43 minutes ago? JOHANNESBURG, South Africa - The latest U.S. doctor to contract Ebola in Africa was working with outpatients in 100-degree temperatures that made it difficult to wear protective gear when he was exposed to an obstetrics patient stricken with the deadly ... Related Ebola » US missionary doctor with Ebola said to be in good spiritsWashington Post Group Identifies 3rd US Aid Worker With EbolaABC News Opinion:Boston area doctor with Ebola is \u0027true hero\u0027, friends sayBoston Herald In Depth:Doctors Working to Save Third American With EbolaWebMD See all 1,728 sources » Related Ebola » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Nigeria records seventh Ebola death: health ministry - Lagos AFP - Nigeria on Wednesday announced that a seventh person had died from Ebola and another person was confirmed as having the virus.The lat…est death was a patient at the isolation ward in the oil city of Port Harcourt, where a doctor died on August 22 after treating a Liberian man who had brought the disease into the country.The other five deaths were in the financial capital, Lago ... ... Nigeria records seventh Ebola death: health ministry World » The Times (subscription)See realtime coverage Family of Isis hostage kept silent for 19 long months The Times (subscription)  - ?1 hour ago? The daughter of a British hostage threatened with beheading by an Islamic State jihadist said that the family had been told to keep his captivity secret for 19 months. Related David Cameron » United Kingdom » Obama and Cameron unite against Islamic State - the front pagesBBC News Cameron to hold talks with Obama on IsisFinancial Times From United Kingdom:\u0027This is my world\u0027: Tragic Facebook post by wife of British ISIS hostage that ...Daily Mail Opinion:Britain urges G8 countries not to pay hostage ransomsThe Globe and Mail In Depth:ISIS threatens to behead UK hostage; Obama vows to \u0027destroy\u0027 Islamic StateTimes of India See all 325 sources » Related David Cameron » United Kingdom » BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Rand: Team Up With Assad to Stop ISIS Daily Beast  - ?1 hour ago? A Republican frontrunner for 2016 wants to work with dictators to stop the Islamic State. Will GOP voters accept that? President Obama may not have a strategy to combat ISIS, but Rand Paul does. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » US Will Seek UN Resolution on Foreign FightersVoice of America The rise of Isis: Terror group now controls an area the size of Britain, expert claimsThe Independent Trending on Google+:Dem senator plans bill to approve airstrikes in Syria, as Obama hedges on planFox News Opinion:\u0027Bomb the hell out of them\u0027 is no ISIS strategyChicago Sun-Times In Depth:Rand Paul\u0027s Evolution On Iraq Is Fully CompleteHuffington Post See all 637 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » More World stories U.S. » SalonSee realtime coverage Officer: Boss told me to \u0027shut up\u0027 about bridge Chron.com  - ?44 minutes ago? FILE - In this Saturday, Jan. 11, 2014, file photo, traffic crosses the George Washington Bridge, in Fort Lee, N.J. Police officers on the George Washington Bridge last September during lane closures apparently ordered by Republican Gov. Officers: Boss told us to keep quiet about bridgeWWMT-TV See all 7 sources » Related: George Washington Bridge » Q13 FOXSee realtime coverage Utah judge rules against Josh Powell\u0027s family in estate case Salt Lake Tribune  - ?43 minutes ago? A 3rd District Court judge on Wednesday prevented the family of Josh Powell from collecting any more money from his estate, saying they waited too long to challenge changes to his legal trust. Related Susan Powell » Susan Powell\u0027s father wins life insurance legal battle but is scolded in processDeseret News Utah judge sides with Susan Powell\u0027s parents in $2.3 million estate fightQ13 FOX See all 28 sources » Related Susan Powell » CNNSee realtime coverage NY / Region|New York St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Lifts Ban on Gay Groups New York Times  - ?29 minutes ago? Protesters held signs along the St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade route on Fifth Avenue last March. The parade organizers said on Wednesday that they were lifting a ban on the participation of gay groups. Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » New York City » Saint Patrick » New York\u0027s St. Patrick\u0027s Day parade cracks open door to openly gay group (+video)Christian Science Monitor Group asks broadcasters to stop saying \u0027Redskins\u0027Knoe.com Highly Cited:Gay group allowed to march in next year\u0027s New York St. Patrick\u0027s Day ParadeNew York Daily News In Depth:Gay groups skeptical, not overjoyed, over inclusion of 1 group in NY St. Patrick\u0027s ...Minneapolis Star Tribune See all 268 sources » Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » New York City » Saint Patrick » Fox News10 hours ago  -  Google+ Organizers of the world\u0027s largest St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade say they\u0027re ending a ban and allowing a gay group to march under its own banner for the first time. #LGBTQ #Parade #NoBan   Gay group to march under banner in St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade in New York CBS NewsSee realtime coverage 13 Hurt in Science Demo Explosion at Reno Museum ABC News  - ?15 minutes ago? At least 13 people, including eight children, were injured after a science project exploded at the Discovery Museum downtown, Reno police said. Related Reno » Museums » At least 6 children hurt in Reno museum explosionCBS News URGENT - Nevada Museum ExplosionWPTZ The Champlain Valley Highly Cited:Police: At Least 6 Children Hurt After Explosion at The Discover - KTVN Channel ...KTVN See all 16 sources » Related Reno » Museums » More U.S. stories Business » NPRSee realtime coverage CVS Stops Selling Cigarettes ABC News  - ?2 minutes ago? CVS is no longer selling cigarettes at any of its 7,700 nationwide stores; company rebrands as CVS Health. 03:56 | 09/03/2014. Related Links: Watch: CVS Announces Plan to Phase Out Cigarettes · Watch: Anti-Smoking Ad Calls Celebs \u0027Unpaid ... Related CVS Corporation » CVS Caremark » Charlotte medical professionals praise CVS tobacco decisionWCNC CVS changes name, stops tobacco sales earlySFGate Trending on Google+:CVS stops selling tobacco, offers quit-smoking programsUSA TODAY See all 561 sources » Related CVS Corporation » CVS Caremark » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Path of Stolen Credit Cards Leads Back to Home Depot New York Times  - ?43 minutes ago? If the evidence proves to be valid, the Home Depot hack could top the record-setting breach of Target\u0027s network last December. Related Home Depot » Security » Victim to a mysterious cyber attack, Home Depot struggles to find out what went ...VentureBeat Home Depot faces possible data breach. How to protect your information. (+video)Christian Science Monitor In Depth:How stolen credit cards are fenced on the Dark WebUSA TODAY See all 69 sources » Related Home Depot » Security » Avira4 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Mr. Krebs said the potential infiltration of Home Depot’s customer data might have begun as early as May. That could make a Home Depot breach even bigger than that of Target, which began in Nove…mber and was reported in December.\" Home Depot Investigates a Possible Credit Card Breach Philly.comSee realtime coverage August auto sales reach an 11-year high Los Angeles Times  - ?17 minutes ago? Consumers streamed into auto dealers last month, pushing industry sales to their highest level for an August in 11 years. Chrysler, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Nissan and Hyundai all posted gains while General Motors and Volkswagen saw sales slip, according to ... Related Sales » Chrysler Group LLC » Automotive industry » Chrysler\u0027s August Sales Surge While Ford\u0027s Are Flat And GM StrugglesForbes Auto sales reach record on \u0027flashing green\u0027 economic indicatorsThe Globe and Mail Opinion:US Auto Sales Crush ExpectationsBusiness Insider In Depth:August auto sales soar to highest rate in 8 yearsDetroit Free Press See all 368 sources » Related Sales » Chrysler Group LLC » Automotive industry » Bonham Chrysler3 hours ago  -  Google+ We are so proud of the customer reviews that are published by our customers. We always encourage potential buyers to go online and search Bonham Chrysler Reviews on Google and take a look at all of th…e positive feedback we get so that they can be comfortable and confident in their car shopping experience..   Here a few sites that all customers from all dealerships can post their opinions and reviews:  Cars.com: http://www.cars.com/  Dealerdirt: http://www.dealerrater.com/  Dealerrater: http://www.dealerrater.com/  Edmu... More Business stories Technology » BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Turn your Note 4 tablet into an Oculus Rift with Samsung\u0027s new Gear VR Digital Trends  - ?44 minutes ago? Mobile virtual reality is now an actual reality. Samsung announced the Gear VR during its IFA 2014 presentation, an untethered virtual reality headset with a removable front plate that conceals and protects the housing for a Galaxy Note 4. Samsung\u0027s newly ... Related Samsung Galaxy Note series » Samsung Group » Samsung Electronics » Samsung unveils two new Galaxy Note smartphones ahead of big-screen iPhonesSydney Morning Herald The curve on Samsung\u0027s Galaxy Note Edge actually makes sensePCWorld Featured:Galaxy Note 4 hands-on: Does Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 phablet stand a chance?BGR Opinion:Samsung unveils new phablets, virtual headset at Berlin showBusiness Insider In Depth:Can Apple Steal Samsung\u0027s Phablet Thunder?Mashable See all 1,284 sources » Related Samsung Galaxy Note series » Samsung Group » Samsung Electronics » Android Central4 hours ago  -  Google+ Today saw the announcement of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Samsung Galaxy Note Edge and more info about the Samsung Gear S, but the truly exciting announcement of the night was that the Note 4 and Ge…ar S would come in versions adorned with Swarovski crystals. Lots and lots of Swarovski crystals.... Samsung blings out the Galaxy Note 4 and Gear S with Swarovski USA TODAYSee realtime coverage iCloud celebrity photo hack: texts, address books and more \u0027also accessible\u0027 Sydney Morning Herald  - ?37 minutes ago? How safe are you in the cloud? Hack was a \"targeted attack\": Apple. It\u0027s not just nude photographs Jennifer Lawrence, Kirsten Dunst and other victims of the celebrity photo theft have to worry about being accessed by hackers - it\u0027s their GPS co-ordinates, ... Related Apple Inc. » iCloud » What is iCloud and do iPhone users need it?WSYR Fappening Hackers Used Russian-Made Software2paragraphs.com Opinion:The Incredibly Simple Trick Hackers Use To Get Into Your Apple iCloud AccountBusiness Insider In Depth:Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 show under a cloud after leak of nude picsCNET Wikipedia:2014 celebrity pictures hack See all 1,302 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iCloud » Tony Bradley5 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple confirmed that the nude celebrity photos were taken from iCloud, but denies that the hack was a result of exploiting a vulnerability in iCloud itself. http://techspective.net/nude-celebrity-photos-put-cloud-icloud/  More Technology stories Entertainment » TIMESee realtime coverage Joan Rivers is out of intensive care, Melissa Rivers says Los Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago? Joan Rivers, left, and her daughter, Melissa Rivers, arrive at the Emmy Awards in 2005. (Anne Cusack / Los Angeles Times). By Julie Westfall contact the reporter · Melissa RiversTelevision Industry. Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Joan Rivers Leaves ICU, Moved to Private RoomFox News (blog) Joan Rivers Moved Out of Intensive Care UnitMcDonough Voice Trending on Google+:Joan Rivers Out of Intensive Care ... But No Sign of ImprovementTMZ.com Wikipedia:Joan Rivers See all 317 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fox News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Melissa Rivers updated fans on Wednesday about her mother Joan Rivers’ condition, six days after the sharp-tongued comedian was rushed to the hospital after she stopped breathing during a minor proced…ure. #JoanRivers #Update   Joan Rivers out of ICU, moved to a private room E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian Shares Butt-Naked Photo From Racy British GQ Photo Spread ... E! Online  - ?17 minutes ago? In case you hadn\u0027t downloaded your own copy of British GQ\u0027s October issue yet... Cover girl Kim Kardashian has shared a sexy shot straight from one of her most revealing photo shoots ever! Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Keeping Up with the Kardashians » Kim Kardashian dresses up and strips down, all for British GQLos Angeles Times Kim Kardashian goes nude (again)NEWS.com.au Trending on Google+:Listen To A Preview Of Kanye West\u0027s \u0027Awesome\u0027 Ode To Kim KardashianMTV.com In Depth:One Thing Kim Kardashian Is Really Doing Right with Baby North\u0027s ClothingTIME See all 944 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Keeping Up with the Kardashians » Perez Hilton4 hours ago  -  Google+ Kim Kardashian West Left No Topic Untouched! Talks About Everything From Being Married To Kanye West To Choosing The Perfect Selfie! http://ow.ly/2MSxd9 Kim Kardashian West Left No Topic Untouched! Talks About Everything From... Fox NewsSee realtime coverage McKayla Maroney Instagram Photos: So Much Awesomeness, Zero Hacking ... The Hollywood Gossip  - ?1 hour ago? If you know who McKayla Maroney is, you know that McKayla Maroney is not impressed by much, least of all the hacker who stole pics of her from the Cloud. Related McKayla Maroney » Nudity » Nude celebrity photo leaks: Olympic star \u0027was under age\u0027 in leaked picturesThe Independent Lawyer Says Gymnast McKayla Maroney Was Underage In Leaked Nude PhotosStarpulse.com Trending on Google+:Gymnast McKayla Maroney Says She\u0027s Underage In Hacked PhotosMTV.com Opinion:Water.org Doesn\u0027t Want Reddit\u0027s Fundraised Money \u0027In Honor Of\u0027 Leaked ...Business Insider In Depth:Does Reddit still have a child porn problem?Washington Post Wikipedia:2014 celebrity pictures hack See all 137 sources » Related McKayla Maroney » Nudity » ReutersSee realtime coverage George Clooney to direct film on British phone hacking scandal Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor-filmmaker George Clooney will direct a movie about the phone hacking scandal that ensnared some of Britain\u0027s biggest media figures and politicians, studio Sony Pictures Entertainment said on Wednesday. Related George Clooney » News International phone hacking scandal » Rupert Murdoch » George Clooney to take on Rupert Murdoch in film about British phone-hacking ...HitFix George Clooney to direct movie about UK phone hacking scandalBoston Herald Highly Cited:Clooney to Direct Film on Phone-Hacking ScandalNew York Times In Depth:George Clooney Is Directing A Movie About The Phone Hacking ScandalHuffington Post See all 60 sources » Related George Clooney » News International phone hacking scandal » Rupert Murdoch » MovieWeb3 hours ago  -  Google+ George Clooney will produce and direct an adaptation of \u0027Hack Attack\u0027 by Nick Davies, which explores the British phone hacking scandal. http://wtch.it/sBszK #HackAttack #GeorgeClooney #RupertMurdock #PhoneHacking #NewsCorp More Entertainment stories Sports » Toronto StarSee realtime coverage What\u0027s different about the 2014 Green Bay Packers? NFL.com  - ?45 minutes ago? The last Packers\u0027 trip to Seattle is popularly known as the \"Fail Mary\" game. Around Green Bay, it\u0027s remembered for the eight sacks absorbed by Aaron Rodgers in a raucous atmosphere. Related Seattle Seahawks » Green Bay Packers » National Football League » The Green Bay Packers and the Legion of BoomWBAY NFL Preview Week: 10 players facing a make-or-break season in 2014Yahoo Sports (blog) Trending on Google+:Monday in Hawkville: Packers\u0027 offense more than just Aaron RodgersSeahawks.com Opinion:New NFL rules are for the birdsLos Angeles Times In Depth:Welcome back NFL, we missed you oh so much.CBSSports.com See all 628 sources » Related Seattle Seahawks » Green Bay Packers » National Football League » Fantasy Knuckleheads2 hours ago  -  Google+ Week 1 NFC South News And Notes - Week 1 NFC South News And Notes The NFL season is set to kick off in just over 48 hours when the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks play host to the Green… Bay Packers on Thursday night at CenturyLink Field. All of Seattle\u0027s 31 NFL counterparts will begin their quest to unseat the champs, with the remainder of the week 1 [] Original Source http://ow.ly/2MSPAa Week 1 NFC South News And Notes SFGateSee realtime coverage Peyton Manning is ready to face former teammate Mike Adams The Denver Post  - ?50 minutes ago? Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) stretches before practice September 3, 2014 at Dove Valley. (John Leyba, The Denver Post). Related Wes Welker » Denver Broncos » National Football League » Peyton Manning\u0027s drive is rarely matchedIndianapolis Star Welker, not Colts the main topic of Peyton Manning\u0027s pre-game hypeFox 59 Trending on Google+:Wes Welker suspended four games for PED useNFL.com Opinion:Wes Welker Denies Molly ReportDeadspin In Depth:ColtsBroncos PreviewFOXSports.com Wikipedia:2014 Denver Broncos season See all 895 sources » Related Wes Welker » Denver Broncos » National Football League » CBS Sports7 hours ago  -  Google+ Wes Welker\u0027s suspension apparently doesn\u0027t affect the Denver Broncos\u0027 Super Bowl chances. They\u0027re still the favorites to win it all. New York TimesSee realtime coverage Sam Gains Second Chance by Joining the Cowboys\u0027 Practice Squad New York Times  - ?2 minutes ago? Michael Sam, who is from Texas, could be called up to the Cowboys\u0027 active roster depending on injuries and other factors. Credit Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images. Related Dallas Cowboys » Michael Sam » National Football League » Jerry Brown Jrs mother very happy Josh Brent is getting a second chanceFOXSports.com Report: Josh Brent\u0027s lawyer will appeal 10-game suspensionSI.com Trending on Google+:Michael Sam joins Dallas Cowboys practice squadMSNBC Opinion:Gosselin: In pass-happy NFL, Cowboys\u0027 only chance is to finally back up talk ...Dallas Morning News In Depth:Sam\u0027s 2nd Chance Comes on Dallas Practice SquadABC News See all 688 sources » Related Dallas Cowboys » Michael Sam » National Football League » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area8 hours ago  -  Google+ THIS JUST IN: The Dallas Cowboys have signed Michael Sam to their practice squad. Sam was cut by the St. Louis Rams and is seeking to become the first openly gay athlete to play in the NFL. http://abc7ne.ws/1vNRRjv +1 to wi…sh Michael luck with his new team! Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage David Krejci signs extension with Bruins Boston Globe  - ?48 minutes ago? Share via e-mail. To. Add a message. Your e-mail. Print. Comments. David Krejci AP Photo/Winslow Townson). Winslow Townson/AP. David Krejci. Related David Krej?í » Boston Bruins » Reports: David Krejci signs six-year, $43.5M extension with BruinsCBSSports.com Krejci agrees to 6-year extension with Bruins: reportNHL.com Highly Cited:Bruins give David Krejci extensionESPN See all 22 sources » Related David Krej?í » Boston Bruins » The Hockey News14 minutes ago  -  Google+ By signing David Krejci for six more years at a $7.25 million cap hit, Boston bets on the core bringing another Stanley Cup home, writes THN\u0027s Rory Boylen. Do you think this Bruins core group has …another championship in them? Bruins sign David Krejci for six years, commit to the core and another... New York TimesSee realtime coverage Nishikori and Makarova Reach US Open Semifinals for First Time New York Times  - ?10 minutes ago? Ekaterina Makarova, who was 0-4 in her previous Grand Slam quarterfinals, has not dropped a set in the U.S. Open. Credit Uli Seit for The New York Times. Related Ekaterina Makarova » Victoria Azarenka » The US Open (Tennis) » Makarova ousts Azarenka from US OpenSun Sentinel US Open 2014: Serena Williams v Flavia Pennetta – live!The Guardian Opinion:Ekaterina Makarova Enjoys Smashing Success in US Open QuartersESPN In Depth:Nishikori gives Japan 1st US Open semi in 96 yearsWashington Post See all 191 sources » Related Ekaterina Makarova » Victoria Azarenka » The US Open (Tennis) » Tennis Now3 hours ago  -  Google+ Victoria Azarenka lost the match to Ekaterina Makarova today, but this reaction to a strange let cord bounce was quite incredible. See the strange bounce, and Vika\u0027s poised reaction, here \u003e\u003e…;\u003e\u003e http://www.tennisnow.com/Blogs/NET-POSTS/September-2014/Video-Azarenka-Makes-Spectacular-Recovery-from-Le.aspx More Sports stories Science » Dumb-OutSee realtime coverage Camel Crickets Are Now Found Abundantly In Eastern US Dumb-Out  - ?3 hours ago? It might be past time to call in the pest controller as the invasive species of cannibalistic camel crickets might have taken over your basement, when you were not looking. Related United States of America » Chirp! Invasive camel crickets make home in basements of eastern US homesTech Times The Asian Camel Cricket and 10 Other Invasive Species You Might Not KnowTIME Highly Cited:Researchers find Asian camel crickets now common in US homesPhys.Org Trending on Google+:Invasive Camel Crickets Widespread in US HomesLiveScience.com See all 73 sources » Related United States of America » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Deep sea \u0027mushroom\u0027 may be new branch of life BBC News  - ?26 minutes ago? A mushroom-shaped sea animal discovered off the Australian coast has defied classification in the tree of life. A team of scientists at the University of Copenhagen says the tiny organism does not fit into any of the known subdivisions of the animal kingdom. Related Australia » Animals » \u0027Alien mushroom creatures\u0027 foundIrish Examiner Weird mushroom-shaped animal discoveredABC Science Online Highly Cited:New Deep-Sea Animal Species Look Like Mushrooms but Defy ClassificationNational Geographic See all 31 sources » Related Australia » Animals » More Science stories Health » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage CMS: Health spending to hit $5.2T within 10 years The Hill  - ?1 hour ago? U.S. healthcare spending will rise to $5.2 trillion by 2023 as the economy grows and baby boomers become eligible for Medicare, government actuaries said Wednesday. Related Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services » Inflation » Health care spending growth is slow but risingUSA TODAY Health care spending growth remains modestPolitico In Depth:Gov\u0027t Forecasts Rising Health Care InflationABC News See all 81 sources » Related Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services » Inflation » Fox Business3 hours ago  -  Google+ A new report projects that slow growth in health spending in 2013 will be followed by substantial increases over the next decade, expected to be driven by increased coverage due to the Affordable Care… Act, economic growth and aging Baby Boomers. #Babyboomers #Healthcare #Spending   Health Spending Projected to Increase Over Next Decade ReutersSee realtime coverage Gates Foundation awards $25 million to HIV vaccine research Reuters  - ?37 minutes ago? PORTLAND Ore. (Reuters) - Oregon researchers developing a vaccine that has shown promise in preventing HIV infection in primates said on Wednesday they have been awarded a $25 million grant from the Bill \u0026 Melinda Gates Foundation. Oregon Health \u0026 Science University HIV vaccine researcher, Louis Picker, wins ...The Oregonian - OregonLive.com See all 3 sources » Related: Vaccines » HIV » Oregon Health \u0026 Science University » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Uninformed breast cancer patients more apt to consider removing the other ... WTAQ  - ?2 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - More than half of women newly diagnosed with breast cancer consider removal of the second, unaffected breast to prevent cancer spread, and according to a new survey, they tend to have more anxiety and less knowledge ... Related Mastectomy » Double Mastectomy Doesn\u0027t Boost Survival for MostWall Street Journal ASCO: Risks Greater for Double Versus Single MastectomyDoctors Lounge See all 280 sources » Related Mastectomy » More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Sotloff was citizen of both USA, Israel USA TODAY - 14 minutes ago How stolen credit cards are fenced on the Dark Web USA TODAY - 13 minutes ago Michael Bloomberg to Return to Lead Company He Founded New York Times - 12 minutes ago Weather for New York Today 86° 72° Thu 84° 72° Fri 86° 75° Sat 88° 70° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   KC 1 1 45:00 1H NE TOR 0 1 67:31 2H PHI SEA 1409797800 CHV MLB   TEX 0 0 Top 1st KC LAA 0 0 Top 1st HOU CHW 0 2 Bot 1st MIN MIL 1 0 Top 2nd CHC TOR 2 0 Top 3rd TB NYM 2 1 Bot 4th MIA DET 0 4 Bot 5th CLE CIN 0 4 Top 5th BAL BOS 0 2 Top 4th NYY WAS 5 5 Top 13th LAD PHI 4-7 Final ATL PIT 0-1 Final STL SF 2-9 Final COL SEA 2-1 Final OAK ARI 1409796300 SD live match MLB   BOS 9-4 Final NYY CIN 4-5 Final BAL DET 4-2 Final CLE NYM 8-6 Final MIA PHI 4-0 Final ATL TOR 8-2 Final TB MIL 1-7 Final CHC LAA 3-8 Final HOU TEX 1-2 Final KC CHW 6-3 Final MIN PIT 4-6 Final STL SF 12-7 Final COL SEA 6-5 Final OAK WAS 1-4 Final LAD ARI 1-2 Final SD New York » Arts Center at Ground Zero Shelves Gehry Design New York Times - 3 hours ago \"Greening\" NYC Nail Salons for Customers and Workers Huffington Post - 3 hours ago Sherri Shepherd dishes about Broadway and Barbara Walters New York Daily News - 6 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks In His Professional Twilight, a Son of Mississippi Considers His Legacy... ProPublica Staff Losing Ground: Southeast Louisiana is Disappearing, Quickly by Bob Marshall, The Lens, Brian Jacobs and Al Shaw, ProPublica, Aug. 28, 2014 A Judge’s Status, Robed in Silence by Terence McGinley, special to ProPublica A Reading List for Following the Debt Ceiling Drama Joe Sexton The Opportunity Gap Joe Sexton Learn more Spotlight » Are Americans a stingy lot of people? PBS NewsHour - 5 hours ago Where to Print Those Vacation Photos New York Times - 6 hours ago Shovels \u0026 Rope: Inside the Relationship of Americana\u0027s Darling Duo RollingStone.com - Sep 2, 2014 Despite Ukraine peace talks, military tensions escalate PBS NewsHour - Sep 1, 2014 A Prisoner\u0027s Beard Offers the Next Test of Religious Liberty for the Supreme Court New York Times - Sep 2, 2014 Why so many college grads are highly-educated, well placed, and going nowhere PBS NewsHour - 7 hours ago Ready, Aim, Fire. Not Fire, Ready, Aim. New York Times - Sep 2, 2014 Could Cave Carving Be First Neanderthal Art? Discovery News - Sep 2, 2014 Google Sets Out to Build Its Own Quantum Computer MIT Technology Review - 2 hours ago Childhood Diet Habits Set in Infancy, Studies Suggest New York Times - Sep 1, 2014 Fantastically Wrong: The Imaginary Radiation That Shocked Science and ... Wired - 13 hours ago Japan to Resume Whaling Next Year, Despite UN Ban Discovery News - 6 hours ago Most popular Joe Biden vows to chase Islamic State to \u0027gates of hell.\u0027 Does he mean it? Christian Science Monitor - 12 minutes ago Joan Rivers Leaves ICU, Moved to Private Room Fox News (blog) - 23 minutes ago Sotloff was citizen of both USA, Israel USA TODAY - 14 minutes ago Knee Defender: Passenger defends his upright seat device (+video) Christian Science Monitor - 12 minutes ago Kaley Cuoco Addresses Nude Photo Leaks With Topless Picture Us Magazine - 1 hour ago Samsung hits high Note as IFA kicks off Irish Times - 11 minutes ago Nevada Appears To Have The Winning Hand For Tesla\u0027s Gigafactory Forbes - 8 minutes ago Ukrainian premier rejects Putin ceasefire plan DAWN.com - 6 minutes ago The Asian Camel Cricket and 10 Other Invasive Species You Might Not Know TIME - 5 hours ago Ebola Survivors: Hospital Staff Exposed in Africa ABC News - 7 minutes agoCBS NewsSee realtime coverage Family: Steven Sotloff was dedicated reporter but \"no war junkie\" CBS News  - ?28 minutes ago? PINECREST, Fla.- The family of a journalist slain by Islamic militants says Steven Sotloff dedicated his life to portraying the suffering of people in conflict zones, but was \"no war junkie. Related United States of America » Sotloff was citizen of both USA, IsraelUSA TODAY Steven J. SotloffWall Street Journal Featured:Obama Says Beheading Shows Need for International ActionBloomberg Highly Cited:Friends of Steven Sotloff speak admiringly of his talent, passionCNN International Trending on Google+:ISIS Says It Killed Steven Sotloff After US Strikes in Northern IraqNew York Times Wikipedia:Steven Sotloff See all 3,535 sources » Related United States of America » Jendhamuni Sos2 hours ago  -  Google+ Israel reveals that Steven Sotloff was also an Israeli citizen Remembering Steven Sotloff As President Obama confirmed the authenticity of the video showing the execution of journalist Steven Sotlo…ff by ISIL, an Israeli spokesman revealed that Sotloff held dual American-Israeli citizenship. According to Reuters, this biographical detail had been previously withheld to minimize the risks that Sotloff\u0027s captivity already engendered. Sotloff... Israel reveals that Steven Sotloff was also an Israeli citizen CNN CNNWhite House working to verify beheading video White House working to verify beheading video - CNN CNN CNNChildhood friend: Steven was my hero Childhood friend: Steven was my hero - CNN CNN CNNDoes the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? Does the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? - CNN Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal \u0027Brave and Very Imaginative,\u0027 Freelance Journalist Steven Sotloff Spoke of ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Foley, Sotloff Videos Not Shot at Same Time: US Officials NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will Hold ISIS Accountable After Steven Sotloff Slaying: Kerry NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will \u0027Degrade and Destroy\u0027 ISIS Militants, Obama Says WXII The Triad WXII The Triad Sotloff family to ISIS: Where is your mercy? NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Steven Sotloff Gave Voice to Voiceless, Family SaysCBS News  - ?28 minutes ago?CNN CNNWhite House working to verify beheading video White House working to verify beheading video - CNN CNN CNNChildhood friend: Steven was my hero Childhood friend: Steven was my hero - CNN CNN CNNDoes the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? Does the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? - CNN Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal \u0027Brave and Very Imaginative,\u0027 Freelance Journalist Steven Sotloff Spoke of ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Foley, Sotloff Videos Not Shot at Same Time: US Officials NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will Hold ISIS Accountable After Steven Sotloff Slaying: Kerry NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will \u0027Degrade and Destroy\u0027 ISIS Militants, Obama Says WXII The Triad WXII The Triad Sotloff family to ISIS: Where is your mercy? NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Steven Sotloff Gave Voice to Voiceless, Family SaysCNN CNNWhite House working to verify beheading video White House working to verify beheading video - CNN CNN CNNChildhood friend: Steven was my hero Childhood friend: Steven was my hero - CNN CNN CNNDoes the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? Does the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? - CNN Wall Street Journal Wall Street Journal \u0027Brave and Very Imaginative,\u0027 Freelance Journalist Steven Sotloff Spoke of ... NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Foley, Sotloff Videos Not Shot at Same Time: US Officials NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will Hold ISIS Accountable After Steven Sotloff Slaying: Kerry NBCNews.com NBCNews.com US Will \u0027Degrade and Destroy\u0027 ISIS Militants, Obama Says WXII The Triad WXII The Triad Sotloff family to ISIS: Where is your mercy? NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Steven Sotloff Gave Voice to Voiceless, Family SaysWhite House working to verify beheading video - CNNChildhood friend: Steven was my hero - CNNDoes the Sotloff video hold clues on ISIS? - CNNFox NewsSee realtime coverage Dem candidate drops out of Senate race in Kansas against Sen. Roberts Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The Democratic candidate in the race against Sen. Pat Roberts in Kansas ended his campaign Wednesday, leaving an independent candidate and a Libertarian candidate to face off against the three-term Republican incumbent. Related United States Senate » Democratic Party » Pat Roberts » Democrat Chad Taylor drops out of Kansas Senate race -- and Democrats cheerMSNBC Democrat Chad Taylor withdraws from U.S. Senate race in KansasThe San Luis Obispo Tribune Opinion:THINGS JUST GOT INTERESTINGDaily Beast In Depth:Dem\u0027s withdrawal poses threat to RobertsPolitico Wikipedia:United States Senate election in Kansas, 2014 See all 69 sources » Related United States Senate » Democratic Party » Pat Roberts »Fox News  - ?1 hour ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Putin Sets Out Peace Terms for Ukraine Wall Street Journal  - ?13 minutes ago? MOSCOW—Russian President Vladimir Putin pushed a cease-fire deal with Ukraine that would freeze in place gains made by Russian-backed separatists, setting the stage for the kind of partitioning Moscow has used to tame other neighbors. Related Ukraine » Vladimir Putin » Russia » Tech Shares Lead Nasdaq Lower in Quiet Day of TradingNew York Times Ukraine government derides Russia ceasefire plan before Nato summitIrish Times From Russia:Some Countries to Discuss Military Aid To Ukraine During Ukraine-NATO ...RIA Novosti Opinion:France halts warship delivery to RussiaThe Globe and Mail In Depth:NATO leaders gather amid new menace from old foeWashington Post See all 6,515 sources » Related Ukraine » Vladimir Putin » Russia » Tourej Ansari11 hours ago  -  Google+ Confusion as Ukraine and Russia announce progress towards peace Ukraine said on Wednesday its president had agreed with Russia\u0027s Vladimir Putin on steps towards a \"ceasefire regime\" in …Kiev\u0027s conflict with pro-Russian rebels, but the Kremlin denied any actual truce deal, sowing confusion on the eve of a NATO summit. Related Stories Putin: Ukraine must withdraw, rebels must halt Associated Press Ukraine seeks to join NATO; def...Wall Street Journal  - ?13 minutes ago?ForbesSee realtime coverage Nevada Appears To Have The Winning Hand For Tesla\u0027s Gigafactory Forbes  - ?8 minutes ago? Tesla Motors Tesla Motors and the Nevada governor\u0027s office say there will be a significant economic announcement in Carson City, the state capitol, on Thursday. Related Tesla Motors » Nevada » Nevada and Tesla Hint at Site of FactoryNew York Times Tesla said to select Nevada for its first battery GigafactoryChicago Tribune Highly Cited:Tesla chooses Nevada for battery factory: SourcesCNBC Opinion:Gigadollars in tax breaks not enough lure new Tesla factoryLos Angeles Times In Depth:Report: Tesla will build its Gigafactory in Nevada, not TexasDallas Morning News (blog) See all 258 sources » Related Tesla Motors » Nevada » Gigaom3 hours ago  -  Google+ Reports indicate Tesla is eyeing the Reno, Nevada area for its battery factory. A look at the changing face of Reno: Why the \u0027world\u0027s biggest little city\u0027 is attracting Apple \u0026 Tesla …http://bit.ly/Z7s8Fa The changing face of Reno: Why the ‘world’s biggest little city’ is...Forbes  - ?8 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Patrick McEnroe Out as USTA Player Development Head New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago? Patrick McEnroe was expected to announce Wednesday evening that he was stepping down as head of player development for the United States Tennis Association. Related Patrick McEnroe » United States Tennis Association » Patrick McEnroe to resign as USTA head of ...Washington Times AP Source: Patrick McEnroe resigning at USTAseattlepi.com In Depth:Patrick McEnroe to Resign as Head of USTA Player DevelopmentWall Street Journal See all 39 sources » Related Patrick McEnroe » United States Tennis Association »New York Times  - ?22 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Latest US doc to get Ebola skipped protective gear in 100-degree heat, says ... Fox News  - ?43 minutes ago? JOHANNESBURG, South Africa - The latest U.S. doctor to contract Ebola in Africa was working with outpatients in 100-degree temperatures that made it difficult to wear protective gear when he was exposed to an obstetrics patient stricken with the deadly ... Related Ebola » US missionary doctor with Ebola said to be in good spiritsWashington Post Group Identifies 3rd US Aid Worker With EbolaABC News Opinion:Boston area doctor with Ebola is \u0027true hero\u0027, friends sayBoston Herald In Depth:Doctors Working to Save Third American With EbolaWebMD See all 1,728 sources » Related Ebola » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Nigeria records seventh Ebola death: health ministry - Lagos AFP - Nigeria on Wednesday announced that a seventh person had died from Ebola and another person was confirmed as having the virus.The lat…est death was a patient at the isolation ward in the oil city of Port Harcourt, where a doctor died on August 22 after treating a Liberian man who had brought the disease into the country.The other five deaths were in the financial capital, Lago ... ... Nigeria records seventh Ebola death: health ministryFox News  - ?43 minutes ago?The Times (subscription)See realtime coverage Family of Isis hostage kept silent for 19 long months The Times (subscription)  - ?1 hour ago? The daughter of a British hostage threatened with beheading by an Islamic State jihadist said that the family had been told to keep his captivity secret for 19 months. Related David Cameron » United Kingdom » Obama and Cameron unite against Islamic State - the front pagesBBC News Cameron to hold talks with Obama on IsisFinancial Times From United Kingdom:\u0027This is my world\u0027: Tragic Facebook post by wife of British ISIS hostage that ...Daily Mail Opinion:Britain urges G8 countries not to pay hostage ransomsThe Globe and Mail In Depth:ISIS threatens to behead UK hostage; Obama vows to \u0027destroy\u0027 Islamic StateTimes of India See all 325 sources » Related David Cameron » United Kingdom »The Times (subscription)  - ?1 hour ago?BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Rand: Team Up With Assad to Stop ISIS Daily Beast  - ?1 hour ago? A Republican frontrunner for 2016 wants to work with dictators to stop the Islamic State. Will GOP voters accept that? President Obama may not have a strategy to combat ISIS, but Rand Paul does. Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria » US Will Seek UN Resolution on Foreign FightersVoice of America The rise of Isis: Terror group now controls an area the size of Britain, expert claimsThe Independent Trending on Google+:Dem senator plans bill to approve airstrikes in Syria, as Obama hedges on planFox News Opinion:\u0027Bomb the hell out of them\u0027 is no ISIS strategyChicago Sun-Times In Depth:Rand Paul\u0027s Evolution On Iraq Is Fully CompleteHuffington Post See all 637 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and Syria »Daily Beast  - ?1 hour ago?SalonSee realtime coverage Officer: Boss told me to \u0027shut up\u0027 about bridge Chron.com  - ?44 minutes ago? FILE - In this Saturday, Jan. 11, 2014, file photo, traffic crosses the George Washington Bridge, in Fort Lee, N.J. Police officers on the George Washington Bridge last September during lane closures apparently ordered by Republican Gov. Officers: Boss told us to keep quiet about bridgeWWMT-TV See all 7 sources » Related: George Washington Bridge »Chron.com  - ?44 minutes ago?Q13 FOXSee realtime coverage Utah judge rules against Josh Powell\u0027s family in estate case Salt Lake Tribune  - ?43 minutes ago? A 3rd District Court judge on Wednesday prevented the family of Josh Powell from collecting any more money from his estate, saying they waited too long to challenge changes to his legal trust. Related Susan Powell » Susan Powell\u0027s father wins life insurance legal battle but is scolded in processDeseret News Utah judge sides with Susan Powell\u0027s parents in $2.3 million estate fightQ13 FOX See all 28 sources » Related Susan Powell »Salt Lake Tribune  - ?43 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage NY / Region|New York St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade Lifts Ban on Gay Groups New York Times  - ?29 minutes ago? Protesters held signs along the St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade route on Fifth Avenue last March. The parade organizers said on Wednesday that they were lifting a ban on the participation of gay groups. Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » New York City » Saint Patrick » New York\u0027s St. Patrick\u0027s Day parade cracks open door to openly gay group (+video)Christian Science Monitor Group asks broadcasters to stop saying \u0027Redskins\u0027Knoe.com Highly Cited:Gay group allowed to march in next year\u0027s New York St. Patrick\u0027s Day ParadeNew York Daily News In Depth:Gay groups skeptical, not overjoyed, over inclusion of 1 group in NY St. Patrick\u0027s ...Minneapolis Star Tribune See all 268 sources » Related Saint Patrick\u0027s Day » New York City » Saint Patrick » Fox News10 hours ago  -  Google+ Organizers of the world\u0027s largest St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade say they\u0027re ending a ban and allowing a gay group to march under its own banner for the first time. #LGBTQ #Parade #NoBan   Gay group to march under banner in St. Patrick\u0027s Day Parade in New YorkNew York Times  - ?29 minutes ago?CBS NewsSee realtime coverage 13 Hurt in Science Demo Explosion at Reno Museum ABC News  - ?15 minutes ago? At least 13 people, including eight children, were injured after a science project exploded at the Discovery Museum downtown, Reno police said. Related Reno » Museums » At least 6 children hurt in Reno museum explosionCBS News URGENT - Nevada Museum ExplosionWPTZ The Champlain Valley Highly Cited:Police: At Least 6 Children Hurt After Explosion at The Discover - KTVN Channel ...KTVN See all 16 sources » Related Reno » Museums »ABC News  - ?15 minutes ago?NPRSee realtime coverage CVS Stops Selling Cigarettes ABC News  - ?2 minutes ago? CVS is no longer selling cigarettes at any of its 7,700 nationwide stores; company rebrands as CVS Health. 03:56 | 09/03/2014. Related Links: Watch: CVS Announces Plan to Phase Out Cigarettes · Watch: Anti-Smoking Ad Calls Celebs \u0027Unpaid ... Related CVS Corporation » CVS Caremark » Charlotte medical professionals praise CVS tobacco decisionWCNC CVS changes name, stops tobacco sales earlySFGate Trending on Google+:CVS stops selling tobacco, offers quit-smoking programsUSA TODAY See all 561 sources » Related CVS Corporation » CVS Caremark »ABC News  - ?2 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Path of Stolen Credit Cards Leads Back to Home Depot New York Times  - ?43 minutes ago? If the evidence proves to be valid, the Home Depot hack could top the record-setting breach of Target\u0027s network last December. Related Home Depot » Security » Victim to a mysterious cyber attack, Home Depot struggles to find out what went ...VentureBeat Home Depot faces possible data breach. How to protect your information. (+video)Christian Science Monitor In Depth:How stolen credit cards are fenced on the Dark WebUSA TODAY See all 69 sources » Related Home Depot » Security » Avira4 hours ago  -  Google+ \"Mr. Krebs said the potential infiltration of Home Depot’s customer data might have begun as early as May. That could make a Home Depot breach even bigger than that of Target, which began in Nove…mber and was reported in December.\" Home Depot Investigates a Possible Credit Card BreachNew York Times  - ?43 minutes ago?Philly.comSee realtime coverage August auto sales reach an 11-year high Los Angeles Times  - ?17 minutes ago? Consumers streamed into auto dealers last month, pushing industry sales to their highest level for an August in 11 years. Chrysler, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Nissan and Hyundai all posted gains while General Motors and Volkswagen saw sales slip, according to ... Related Sales » Chrysler Group LLC » Automotive industry » Chrysler\u0027s August Sales Surge While Ford\u0027s Are Flat And GM StrugglesForbes Auto sales reach record on \u0027flashing green\u0027 economic indicatorsThe Globe and Mail Opinion:US Auto Sales Crush ExpectationsBusiness Insider In Depth:August auto sales soar to highest rate in 8 yearsDetroit Free Press See all 368 sources » Related Sales » Chrysler Group LLC » Automotive industry » Bonham Chrysler3 hours ago  -  Google+ We are so proud of the customer reviews that are published by our customers. We always encourage potential buyers to go online and search Bonham Chrysler Reviews on Google and take a look at all of th…e positive feedback we get so that they can be comfortable and confident in their car shopping experience..   Here a few sites that all customers from all dealerships can post their opinions and reviews:  Cars.com: http://www.cars.com/  Dealerdirt: http://www.dealerrater.com/  Dealerrater: http://www.dealerrater.com/  Edmu...Los Angeles Times  - ?17 minutes ago?BusinessweekSee realtime coverage Turn your Note 4 tablet into an Oculus Rift with Samsung\u0027s new Gear VR Digital Trends  - ?44 minutes ago? Mobile virtual reality is now an actual reality. Samsung announced the Gear VR during its IFA 2014 presentation, an untethered virtual reality headset with a removable front plate that conceals and protects the housing for a Galaxy Note 4. Samsung\u0027s newly ... Related Samsung Galaxy Note series » Samsung Group » Samsung Electronics » Samsung unveils two new Galaxy Note smartphones ahead of big-screen iPhonesSydney Morning Herald The curve on Samsung\u0027s Galaxy Note Edge actually makes sensePCWorld Featured:Galaxy Note 4 hands-on: Does Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 phablet stand a chance?BGR Opinion:Samsung unveils new phablets, virtual headset at Berlin showBusiness Insider In Depth:Can Apple Steal Samsung\u0027s Phablet Thunder?Mashable See all 1,284 sources » Related Samsung Galaxy Note series » Samsung Group » Samsung Electronics » Android Central4 hours ago  -  Google+ Today saw the announcement of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Samsung Galaxy Note Edge and more info about the Samsung Gear S, but the truly exciting announcement of the night was that the Note 4 and Ge…ar S would come in versions adorned with Swarovski crystals. Lots and lots of Swarovski crystals.... Samsung blings out the Galaxy Note 4 and Gear S with SwarovskiDigital Trends  - ?44 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage iCloud celebrity photo hack: texts, address books and more \u0027also accessible\u0027 Sydney Morning Herald  - ?37 minutes ago? How safe are you in the cloud? Hack was a \"targeted attack\": Apple. It\u0027s not just nude photographs Jennifer Lawrence, Kirsten Dunst and other victims of the celebrity photo theft have to worry about being accessed by hackers - it\u0027s their GPS co-ordinates, ... Related Apple Inc. » iCloud » What is iCloud and do iPhone users need it?WSYR Fappening Hackers Used Russian-Made Software2paragraphs.com Opinion:The Incredibly Simple Trick Hackers Use To Get Into Your Apple iCloud AccountBusiness Insider In Depth:Apple\u0027s iPhone 6 show under a cloud after leak of nude picsCNET Wikipedia:2014 celebrity pictures hack See all 1,302 sources » Related Apple Inc. » iCloud » Tony Bradley5 hours ago  -  Google+ Apple confirmed that the nude celebrity photos were taken from iCloud, but denies that the hack was a result of exploiting a vulnerability in iCloud itself. http://techspective.net/nude-celebrity-photos-put-cloud-icloud/ Sydney Morning Herald  - ?37 minutes ago?TIMESee realtime coverage Joan Rivers is out of intensive care, Melissa Rivers says Los Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago? Joan Rivers, left, and her daughter, Melissa Rivers, arrive at the Emmy Awards in 2005. (Anne Cusack / Los Angeles Times). By Julie Westfall contact the reporter · Melissa RiversTelevision Industry. Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Joan Rivers Leaves ICU, Moved to Private RoomFox News (blog) Joan Rivers Moved Out of Intensive Care UnitMcDonough Voice Trending on Google+:Joan Rivers Out of Intensive Care ... But No Sign of ImprovementTMZ.com Wikipedia:Joan Rivers See all 317 sources » Related Joan Rivers » Melissa Rivers » Fox News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Melissa Rivers updated fans on Wednesday about her mother Joan Rivers’ condition, six days after the sharp-tongued comedian was rushed to the hospital after she stopped breathing during a minor proced…ure. #JoanRivers #Update   Joan Rivers out of ICU, moved to a private roomLos Angeles Times  - ?2 hours ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Kim Kardashian Shares Butt-Naked Photo From Racy British GQ Photo Spread ... E! Online  - ?17 minutes ago? In case you hadn\u0027t downloaded your own copy of British GQ\u0027s October issue yet... Cover girl Kim Kardashian has shared a sexy shot straight from one of her most revealing photo shoots ever! Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Keeping Up with the Kardashians » Kim Kardashian dresses up and strips down, all for British GQLos Angeles Times Kim Kardashian goes nude (again)NEWS.com.au Trending on Google+:Listen To A Preview Of Kanye West\u0027s \u0027Awesome\u0027 Ode To Kim KardashianMTV.com In Depth:One Thing Kim Kardashian Is Really Doing Right with Baby North\u0027s ClothingTIME See all 944 sources » Related Kim Kardashian » Kanye West » Keeping Up with the Kardashians » Perez Hilton4 hours ago  -  Google+ Kim Kardashian West Left No Topic Untouched! Talks About Everything From Being Married To Kanye West To Choosing The Perfect Selfie! http://ow.ly/2MSxd9 Kim Kardashian West Left No Topic Untouched! Talks About Everything From...E! Online  - ?17 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage McKayla Maroney Instagram Photos: So Much Awesomeness, Zero Hacking ... The Hollywood Gossip  - ?1 hour ago? If you know who McKayla Maroney is, you know that McKayla Maroney is not impressed by much, least of all the hacker who stole pics of her from the Cloud. Related McKayla Maroney » Nudity » Nude celebrity photo leaks: Olympic star \u0027was under age\u0027 in leaked picturesThe Independent Lawyer Says Gymnast McKayla Maroney Was Underage In Leaked Nude PhotosStarpulse.com Trending on Google+:Gymnast McKayla Maroney Says She\u0027s Underage In Hacked PhotosMTV.com Opinion:Water.org Doesn\u0027t Want Reddit\u0027s Fundraised Money \u0027In Honor Of\u0027 Leaked ...Business Insider In Depth:Does Reddit still have a child porn problem?Washington Post Wikipedia:2014 celebrity pictures hack See all 137 sources » Related McKayla Maroney » Nudity »The Hollywood Gossip  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage George Clooney to direct film on British phone hacking scandal Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor-filmmaker George Clooney will direct a movie about the phone hacking scandal that ensnared some of Britain\u0027s biggest media figures and politicians, studio Sony Pictures Entertainment said on Wednesday. Related George Clooney » News International phone hacking scandal » Rupert Murdoch » George Clooney to take on Rupert Murdoch in film about British phone-hacking ...HitFix George Clooney to direct movie about UK phone hacking scandalBoston Herald Highly Cited:Clooney to Direct Film on Phone-Hacking ScandalNew York Times In Depth:George Clooney Is Directing A Movie About The Phone Hacking ScandalHuffington Post See all 60 sources » Related George Clooney » News International phone hacking scandal » Rupert Murdoch » MovieWeb3 hours ago  -  Google+ George Clooney will produce and direct an adaptation of \u0027Hack Attack\u0027 by Nick Davies, which explores the British phone hacking scandal. http://wtch.it/sBszK #HackAttack #GeorgeClooney #RupertMurdock #PhoneHacking #NewsCorpReuters  - ?1 hour ago?Toronto StarSee realtime coverage What\u0027s different about the 2014 Green Bay Packers? NFL.com  - ?45 minutes ago? The last Packers\u0027 trip to Seattle is popularly known as the \"Fail Mary\" game. Around Green Bay, it\u0027s remembered for the eight sacks absorbed by Aaron Rodgers in a raucous atmosphere. Related Seattle Seahawks » Green Bay Packers » National Football League » The Green Bay Packers and the Legion of BoomWBAY NFL Preview Week: 10 players facing a make-or-break season in 2014Yahoo Sports (blog) Trending on Google+:Monday in Hawkville: Packers\u0027 offense more than just Aaron RodgersSeahawks.com Opinion:New NFL rules are for the birdsLos Angeles Times In Depth:Welcome back NFL, we missed you oh so much.CBSSports.com See all 628 sources » Related Seattle Seahawks » Green Bay Packers » National Football League » Fantasy Knuckleheads2 hours ago  -  Google+ Week 1 NFC South News And Notes - Week 1 NFC South News And Notes The NFL season is set to kick off in just over 48 hours when the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks play host to the Green… Bay Packers on Thursday night at CenturyLink Field. All of Seattle\u0027s 31 NFL counterparts will begin their quest to unseat the champs, with the remainder of the week 1 [] Original Source http://ow.ly/2MSPAa Week 1 NFC South News And NotesNFL.com  - ?45 minutes ago?SFGateSee realtime coverage Peyton Manning is ready to face former teammate Mike Adams The Denver Post  - ?50 minutes ago? Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) stretches before practice September 3, 2014 at Dove Valley. (John Leyba, The Denver Post). Related Wes Welker » Denver Broncos » National Football League » Peyton Manning\u0027s drive is rarely matchedIndianapolis Star Welker, not Colts the main topic of Peyton Manning\u0027s pre-game hypeFox 59 Trending on Google+:Wes Welker suspended four games for PED useNFL.com Opinion:Wes Welker Denies Molly ReportDeadspin In Depth:ColtsBroncos PreviewFOXSports.com Wikipedia:2014 Denver Broncos season See all 895 sources » Related Wes Welker » Denver Broncos » National Football League » CBS Sports7 hours ago  -  Google+ Wes Welker\u0027s suspension apparently doesn\u0027t affect the Denver Broncos\u0027 Super Bowl chances. They\u0027re still the favorites to win it all.The Denver Post  - ?50 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Sam Gains Second Chance by Joining the Cowboys\u0027 Practice Squad New York Times  - ?2 minutes ago? Michael Sam, who is from Texas, could be called up to the Cowboys\u0027 active roster depending on injuries and other factors. Credit Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images. Related Dallas Cowboys » Michael Sam » National Football League » Jerry Brown Jrs mother very happy Josh Brent is getting a second chanceFOXSports.com Report: Josh Brent\u0027s lawyer will appeal 10-game suspensionSI.com Trending on Google+:Michael Sam joins Dallas Cowboys practice squadMSNBC Opinion:Gosselin: In pass-happy NFL, Cowboys\u0027 only chance is to finally back up talk ...Dallas Morning News In Depth:Sam\u0027s 2nd Chance Comes on Dallas Practice SquadABC News See all 688 sources » Related Dallas Cowboys » Michael Sam » National Football League » ABC7 News - SF Bay Area8 hours ago  -  Google+ THIS JUST IN: The Dallas Cowboys have signed Michael Sam to their practice squad. Sam was cut by the St. Louis Rams and is seeking to become the first openly gay athlete to play in the NFL. http://abc7ne.ws/1vNRRjv +1 to wi…sh Michael luck with his new team!New York Times  - ?2 minutes ago?Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage David Krejci signs extension with Bruins Boston Globe  - ?48 minutes ago? Share via e-mail. To. Add a message. Your e-mail. Print. Comments. David Krejci AP Photo/Winslow Townson). Winslow Townson/AP. David Krejci. Related David Krej?í » Boston Bruins » Reports: David Krejci signs six-year, $43.5M extension with BruinsCBSSports.com Krejci agrees to 6-year extension with Bruins: reportNHL.com Highly Cited:Bruins give David Krejci extensionESPN See all 22 sources » Related David Krej?í » Boston Bruins » The Hockey News14 minutes ago  -  Google+ By signing David Krejci for six more years at a $7.25 million cap hit, Boston bets on the core bringing another Stanley Cup home, writes THN\u0027s Rory Boylen. Do you think this Bruins core group has …another championship in them? Bruins sign David Krejci for six years, commit to the core and another...Boston Globe  - ?48 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Nishikori and Makarova Reach US Open Semifinals for First Time New York Times  - ?10 minutes ago? Ekaterina Makarova, who was 0-4 in her previous Grand Slam quarterfinals, has not dropped a set in the U.S. Open. Credit Uli Seit for The New York Times. Related Ekaterina Makarova » Victoria Azarenka » The US Open (Tennis) » Makarova ousts Azarenka from US OpenSun Sentinel US Open 2014: Serena Williams v Flavia Pennetta – live!The Guardian Opinion:Ekaterina Makarova Enjoys Smashing Success in US Open QuartersESPN In Depth:Nishikori gives Japan 1st US Open semi in 96 yearsWashington Post See all 191 sources » Related Ekaterina Makarova » Victoria Azarenka » The US Open (Tennis) » Tennis Now3 hours ago  -  Google+ Victoria Azarenka lost the match to Ekaterina Makarova today, but this reaction to a strange let cord bounce was quite incredible. See the strange bounce, and Vika\u0027s poised reaction, here \u003e\u003e…;\u003e\u003e http://www.tennisnow.com/Blogs/NET-POSTS/September-2014/Video-Azarenka-Makes-Spectacular-Recovery-from-Le.aspxNew York Times  - ?10 minutes ago?Dumb-OutSee realtime coverage Camel Crickets Are Now Found Abundantly In Eastern US Dumb-Out  - ?3 hours ago? It might be past time to call in the pest controller as the invasive species of cannibalistic camel crickets might have taken over your basement, when you were not looking. Related United States of America » Chirp! Invasive camel crickets make home in basements of eastern US homesTech Times The Asian Camel Cricket and 10 Other Invasive Species You Might Not KnowTIME Highly Cited:Researchers find Asian camel crickets now common in US homesPhys.Org Trending on Google+:Invasive Camel Crickets Widespread in US HomesLiveScience.com See all 73 sources » Related United States of America »Dumb-Out  - ?3 hours ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Deep sea \u0027mushroom\u0027 may be new branch of life BBC News  - ?26 minutes ago? A mushroom-shaped sea animal discovered off the Australian coast has defied classification in the tree of life. A team of scientists at the University of Copenhagen says the tiny organism does not fit into any of the known subdivisions of the animal kingdom. Related Australia » Animals » \u0027Alien mushroom creatures\u0027 foundIrish Examiner Weird mushroom-shaped animal discoveredABC Science Online Highly Cited:New Deep-Sea Animal Species Look Like Mushrooms but Defy ClassificationNational Geographic See all 31 sources » Related Australia » Animals »BBC News  - ?26 minutes ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage CMS: Health spending to hit $5.2T within 10 years The Hill  - ?1 hour ago? U.S. healthcare spending will rise to $5.2 trillion by 2023 as the economy grows and baby boomers become eligible for Medicare, government actuaries said Wednesday. Related Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services » Inflation » Health care spending growth is slow but risingUSA TODAY Health care spending growth remains modestPolitico In Depth:Gov\u0027t Forecasts Rising Health Care InflationABC News See all 81 sources » Related Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services » Inflation » Fox Business3 hours ago  -  Google+ A new report projects that slow growth in health spending in 2013 will be followed by substantial increases over the next decade, expected to be driven by increased coverage due to the Affordable Care… Act, economic growth and aging Baby Boomers. #Babyboomers #Healthcare #Spending   Health Spending Projected to Increase Over Next DecadeThe Hill  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Gates Foundation awards $25 million to HIV vaccine research Reuters  - ?37 minutes ago? PORTLAND Ore. (Reuters) - Oregon researchers developing a vaccine that has shown promise in preventing HIV infection in primates said on Wednesday they have been awarded a $25 million grant from the Bill \u0026 Melinda Gates Foundation. Oregon Health \u0026 Science University HIV vaccine researcher, Louis Picker, wins ...The Oregonian - OregonLive.com See all 3 sources » Related: Vaccines » HIV » Oregon Health \u0026 Science University »Reuters  - ?37 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Uninformed breast cancer patients more apt to consider removing the other ... WTAQ  - ?2 hours ago? NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - More than half of women newly diagnosed with breast cancer consider removal of the second, unaffected breast to prevent cancer spread, and according to a new survey, they tend to have more anxiety and less knowledge ... Related Mastectomy » Double Mastectomy Doesn\u0027t Boost Survival for MostWall Street Journal ASCO: Risks Greater for Double Versus Single MastectomyDoctors Lounge See all 280 sources » Related Mastectomy »WTAQ  - ?2 hours ago?Today 86° 72° Thu 84° 72° Fri 86° 75° Sat 88° 70°Today YesterdayMLS  KC 1 1 45:00 1H NETOR 0 1 67:31 2H PHISEA 1409797800 CHVMLB  TEX 0 0 Top 1st KCLAA 0 0 Top 1st HOUCHW 0 2 Bot 1st MINMIL 1 0 Top 2nd CHCTOR 2 0 Top 3rd TBNYM 2 1 Bot 4th MIADET 0 4 Bot 5th CLECIN 0 4 Top 5th BALBOS 0 2 Top 4th NYYWAS 5 5 Top 13th LADPHI 4-7 Final ATLPIT 0-1 Final STLSF 2-9 Final COLSEA 2-1 Final OAKARI 1409796300 SDMLB  BOS 9-4 Final NYYCIN 4-5 Final BALDET 4-2 Final CLENYM 8-6 Final MIAPHI 4-0 Final ATLTOR 8-2 Final TBMIL 1-7 Final CHCLAA 3-8 Final HOUTEX 1-2 Final KCCHW 6-3 Final MINPIT 4-6 Final STLSF 12-7 Final COLSEA 6-5 Final OAKWAS 1-4 Final LADARI 1-2 Final SD -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":4,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":30,"second":21},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
