{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentEbola patient in Dallas turns critical, no new US casesBritish hostage David Bolam freed in LibyaNo. 11 Ole Miss knocks No. 1 Alabama from unbeaten ranksMLS  MLB  MLS  MLB  Central Texas »College Station Police Searching for Hit \u0026 Run DriverRockdale runs past Madisonville, 40-14Texas A\u0026M Barrier Could Stop Terrorists in their TracksEditors\u0027 PicksThanks to Windows 8, Windows 10 need only be good enoughPrice tag for troubled SAP project will skyrocket to nearly $1 billion,...Microsoft takes the hassle out of Office 365 email encryptionApple signals Oct. 21 as OS X Yosemite launch dateMicrosoft adds Azure to disaster-recovery-as-a-service bandwagonSpotlight »Who Are \u0027We the People\u0027?Majorana Discovery: After 80 Year Search, Weird Particle FoundCan Egypt\u0027s Crisis Help Clean Energy Gain Traction?In Venice, Navigating Like a Native\u0027Sons of Anarchy\u0027 reaches the last fork in the roadLast Dance for the Playboy King of Swaziland?Kevin Spacey on playing a politician who \u0027gets stuff done,\u0027 and cultivating new ...Q\u0026A: Environmental Firebrand Bill McKibben: People, Not Exxon, Own the SkyDeported Salvadoran teen returns home to threat of gang violenceOpinion: More Archaeological Finds Coming Through TechSeeking Dean\u0027s Firing, Seminary Professors End Up JoblessAre Ebola screening measures ineffective? – Part 2Most popularEbola patient in Dallas takes turn for worseUS disease control agents escort man off flight in Newark: reportFamily of former US Army Ranger held hostage by Islamic State plead for his lifeResearchers Unleash \u0027BadUSB\u0027 Bug DetailsUS VP apologizes after riling Turkey\u0027s ErdoganEx-Haiti dictator \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier diesMap Reveals New Underwater VolcanoesPa. cop-sniper manhunt enters 3rd week: Can Eric Frein ever be caught? (+video)Kim Jong-un falls off the radar as the two Koreas agree to talkNewlywed Clooneys show off rings after \u0027perfect\u0027 wedding","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesEbola patient in Dallas takes turn for worse\u0027Too little\u0027 done to save Alan Henning from Islamic State killersFlag From 9/11 Consumed by Flight 93 Memorial FireNo. 11 Ole Miss knocks No. 1 Alabama from unbeaten ranksHong Kong: Protesters set for backlash as China\u0027s strangulation of the Umbrella ...Loose e-cigarette laws may be hard to tightenWorld »Ousted Haitian dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier dies in Haiti (+video)Mexico missing students: Mass grave found near IgualaMuslims Celebrate Eid al-Adha, Feast of SacrificeSouth and North Korea Agree to New TalksU.S. »Heat From North to South Smothers CaliforniaNew Jersey nun credited with curing boy beatifiedMan bypasses security at JFK Airport; delays ensueBusiness »Exxon-Mobil CEO pushes for scrapping ban on U.S. crude oil exportsUnemployment rate drops to 5.9 percent: Obama touts successIt Pays to Wait for Social SecurityTechnology »Hackers\u0027 Attack Cracked 10 Financial Firms in Major AssaultFLASH drive ... Ah-aaaaaah! BadUSB no saviour to plug and play UniverseEntertainment »“Annabelle” beats out “Gone Girl” in box officeNewlywed Clooneys show off rings after \u0027perfect\u0027 weddingJennifer Lawrence Supports Chris Martin at Kings of Leon Concert, Where He ...Sports »2015 NFL Draft: Montgomery\u0027s drops key as Notre Dame beats StanfordBruins reluctantly trade Boychuk to IslandersDodgers vs. Cardinals, Game 2: St. Louis reacts after Game 1 winBaylor Knocks Off TexasScience »Amazing Undersea Mountains Discovered by Use of Satellites Data (Video)Files to \u0027print your own\u0027 Rosetta cometNASA Observatory Captures Giant Filament Of Solar Material On The SunMighty Little Quadcopter Flew Over A Volcano To Bring You This Awesome VideoHealth »Airline Passenger Does Not Have Ebola Virus, Hospital Officials in New Jersey ...Woman has baby after womb transplant in world firstRecentCentral Texas »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 5 2013 2014 2015 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 5 2013 2014 2015SEP OCT NOV52013 2014 201520,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ReutersSee realtime coverage Ebola patient in Dallas takes turn for worse Reuters  - ?9 minutes ago? DALLAS (Reuters) - The first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States took a turn for the worse on Saturday, slipping from serious to critical condition, as health officials reported fielding scores of possible cases around the country that proved to be false ... Related Ebola » As US Ebola Fears Widen, Reports of Possible Cases GrowNew York Times Thomas Eric Duncan, Dallas Ebola Patient, Now In Critical ConditionHuffington Post In Depth:New Jersey Ebola scare over; man does not have diseaseLos Angeles Times Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus cases in the United States See all 10,455 sources » Related Ebola » Alister Macintyre1 hour ago  -  Google+ Duncan Ebola Time Line, figured out so far, Sep-28-29. Sun Sep 28 , a family member got him to the hospital again, by calling an ambulance, and this time they recognized he should be placed in isola…tion for Ebola, but failed to inform the family, that he may in fact have Ebola.  They found out via the news media.[1] One of the neighbors told the news media later, that Duncan had been vomiting all over the sidewalk, when the ambulance crew took... Alarming Claims Made by ‘Stepdaughter’ of Dallas Ebola Patient Likely Won’t... Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Washington Post Washington PostCDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US CDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US - Washington Post Voice of America Voice of AmericaUS Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak US Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak - Voice of America ABC News ABC News Hospital: Dallas Ebola Patient Critical Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Ebola Patient Thomas Eric Duncan\u0027s Nephew: I Had to Call CDC ABC News ABC News Across 3 Continents, Ebola Makes Its Way to US TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Local reaction to Ebola fears Fox News Fox News What does \u0027direct contact\u0027 mean? The truth about Ebola transmission Getty Images Getty Images Residents Quarantined In Dallas Apartment Where Ebola Patient Had Stayed TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know Politico Politico No new signs of Ebola in U.S. North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of Contact The AustralianSee realtime coverage \u0027Too little\u0027 done to save Alan Henning from Islamic State killers The Australian  - ?1 hour ago? THE family and friends of Alan Henning, the hostage murdered by terrorists in Syria, have accused the British government of doing too little to save his life. Relative of Alan Henning hits out at UK governmentScotsman Islamic State group hostage\u0027s parents plead for his releaseToronto Star From United Kingdom:Peter Kassig: Parents of hostage send message to son threatened by IsisThe Independent Opinion:Beheaded for daring to help those in needgulfnews.com Wikipedia:Alan Henning See all 1,836 sources » The Huffington Post UK8 hours ago  -  Google+ Alan Henning\u0027s Hometown Eccles Pays Tribute To Taxi Driver Murdered By ISIS (PICTURES) By + Jack Sommers   The people of Eccles, Alan Henning\u0027s hometown, have begun laying flowers at his home and work…place, as the country is plunged into grief and anger by news of his death at the hands of Islamic State. IS, also known as Isil or Isis, released a video on Friday evening that showed the beheading of Mr Henning, 47, a taxi driver and father-of-two... ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Flag From 9/11 Consumed by Flight 93 Memorial Fire NBC Chicago  - ?36 minutes ago? A handful of personal items of passengers and crew were also lost in the fire. By The Associated Press. View Comments (. ) |. Email. Flag from 9/11 is lost in Flight 93 Memorial fireLynchburg News and Advance See all 365 sources » Related: Flight 93 National Memorial » United Airlines Flight 93 » September 11 attacks » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage No. 11 Ole Miss knocks No. 1 Alabama from unbeaten ranks USA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago? Mississippi Rebels receiver Vince Sanders (10) scores to tie the game during the second half against Alabama Crimson Tide at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium. Related University of Mississippi » Alabama Crimson Tide Football » College football » Ole Miss Rallies To Stun AlabamaESPN Ole Miss rallies, upsets BamaCBSSports.com Opinion:Ole Miss Rally Takes Down The Mighty Crimson TideDeadspin In Depth:Matching up: No. 1/3 Alabama vs. No. 11 Ole MissAL.com See all 894 sources » Related University of Mississippi » Alabama Crimson Tide Football » College football » Marty D\u0027Arcy10 hours ago  -  Google+ Saturday Football Down South... CBS @ 3:30. ROLL TIDE ROLL For Alabama, showdown at Ole Miss \u0027the kind of game you want to come play\u0027 Alabama Football - Saturday Down South The IndependentSee realtime coverage Hong Kong: Protesters set for backlash as China\u0027s strangulation of the Umbrella ... The Independent  - ?9 minutes ago? Tens of thousands of protesters continued their occupation of large swathes of Hong Kong yesterday, but the embattled chief executive of the former colony, Leung Chun-ying, warned that the protest\u0027s days were numbered. Related Hong Kong » Hong Kong protests: Government may resume Monday, demonstrations go onCBC.ca Singapore FM sees anti-China bias in Western media reports on movement in ...Xinhua Opinion:Hong Kong Protests Go On After UltimatumDaily Beast See all 13,549 sources » Related Hong Kong » Russ Abbott6 hours ago  -  Google+ Martin Lee, a longtime democracy advocate and the founding chairman of the Democratic Party of Hong Kong, wants the world to stand with Hong Kong. Why is it important? Because this is a last stand i…n defense of Hong Kong’s core values, the values that have long set us apart from China: the rule of law, press freedom, good governance, judicial independence and protection for basic human rights. Beijing’s heavy-handed response earlier this week m... Who Will Stand With Hong Kong? - NYTimes.com USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Loose e-cigarette laws may be hard to tighten USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - In a rush to keep electronic cigarettes out of children\u0027s hands while the federal government creeps forward with a proposed national ban for minors, experts say that many states are passing laws that could mean fewer ... Related Cigarettes » Why Big Tobacco keeps demolishing the FDA in federal courtSalon Vancouver to treat e-cigarettes like tobaccoVancouver Sun See all 42 sources » Related Cigarettes » World » Detroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Ousted Haitian dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier dies in Haiti (+video) Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? Jean-Claude \"Baby Doc\" Duvalier, whose leadership of Haiti was marked by repression and human rights abuses, has died before the charges against him could come to trial. Related Jean-Claude Duvalier » Haiti » François Duvalier » Jean-Claude Duvalier, former Haitian president, diesSFGate Haiti\u0027s \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier Dies At 63NPR Highly Cited:Former Haitian dictator \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier dies at 63CNN Trending on Google+:Jean-Claude Duvalier, \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 of Haiti, Dies at 63New York Times Opinion:Ousted Haitian Dictator ?Baby Doc? DiesDaily Beast See all 243 sources » Related Jean-Claude Duvalier » Haiti » François Duvalier » CBC News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Haitian ex-dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier has died an heart attack says his attorney. The ex-leader\u0027s attorney Reynold Georges says he died at home of a heart attack on Saturday. Duvalier has pose…d a challenge to Haiti since his return in 2011 from 25 years in exile in France: http://cbc.sh/Wn0mGgM Jean-Claude Duvalier, ex-Haitian dictator, dead at 63 BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Mexico missing students: Mass grave found near Iguala BBC News  - ?52 minutes ago? A mass grave has been found on the outskirts the Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing on 26 September, officials say. Related Mexico » Mass grave found near Mexico town hit by violenceToledo Blade Mass grave in Mexico may harbor missing studentsFusion See all 65 sources » Related Mexico » Philippine StarSee realtime coverage Muslims Celebrate Eid al-Adha, Feast of Sacrifice Voice of America  - ?2 hours ago? Muslims around the world are celebrating the start of Islam\u0027s biggest holiday, Eid al-Adha, the Feast of Sacrifice. More than two million pilgrims are completing their ritual journey to the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia, known as the Hajj. Related Eid al-Fitr » Muslims » A Cow Fashion Mall That Caters to Eid al-Adha CelebrationsWall Street Journal (blog) LI Muslims gather to observe Eid al-AdhaNewsday From Saudi Arabia:Riyadh Region Governor receives Eid Al-Adha well-wishersSaudi Press Agency In Depth:IN PHOTOS: Major Muslim, Jewish holidays coincideHaaretz See all 577 sources » Related Eid al-Fitr » Muslims » Online Quran Classes9 hours ago  -  Google+ The Sunnah’s of Eid Ul Adha   1. To awaken earlier than usual 2. To brush the teeth with Miswaak 3. To have a bath (Ghusl) 4. To be well dressed in an Islamic manner 5. To be dressed in …one’s best clothes (Doesn’t necessarily have to be new) Note: Care should be taken that one does not incur debts or transgress the limits of modesty on such clothes as is seen in the Muslim communities of today. Many of our brothers are seen with un... New York TimesSee realtime coverage South and North Korea Agree to New Talks New York Times  - ?21 minutes ago? Kim Kwan-jin, left, the top national security adviser for President Park Geun-hye of South Korea, met Hwang Pyong-so, second from right, the top political officer of the North Korean military, and other top officials from the North in Incheon on Saturday. Related North Korea » South Korea » Kim Jong-un » South, North Korea agree to talks, raise hopes for reconciliationSFGate North and South Korea agree to talksBBC News From South Korea:[Asian Games] North Korea returns to Asiad top 10 after more than a decadeThe Korea Herald Trending on Google+:With Kim out of sight, North Korean top brass pay snap visit to SouthCNN Opinion:Inter-Korean dialogue to resume after top Northern envoys\u0027 surprise visitReuters UK In Depth:Kim Jong-un falls off the radar as the two Koreas agree to talkThe Independent See all 592 sources » Related North Korea » South Korea » Kim Jong-un » The West Wire10 hours ago  -  Google+ Rumors of North/South Korea Unification Talks http://www.thewestwire.com/rumors-of-northsouth-korea-unification-talks/ From RIA Novosti: Ekaterina Blinova – Senior North Korean officials have made a surprise visit to the South Korean city of Incheon, where the closing c…eremonies of the Asian Games are taking place today, Saturday, October 4. “With Kim Jong Un out of sight for a month, a covey of... #BestKorea More World stories U.S. » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Heat From North to South Smothers California ABC News  - ?23 minutes ago? Temperatures approached triple digits in much of California on Saturday afternoon and surpassed 100 degrees in inland areas as a steaming autumn in the state seemed more like an endless summer. Related California » Hot, dry weather in California stokes wildfire fearsReuters Fall heat wave across California to peak SaturdayThe Seattle Times See all 206 sources » Related California » Noah Diffenbaugh9 hours ago  -  Google+ Influence of Global Warming on Extreme Rainfall + deepti singh  , myself, and our collaborators have a new paper analyzing the extreme rainfall event that cause severe flooding in Northern India in June 2013 …(see photo). We find that the peak 4-day rainfall was caused by an extremely rare confluence of atmospheric circulation. When looking at the total precipitation for June 2013, we find some evidence that the level of precipitation has been made more ... Fox NewsSee realtime coverage New Jersey nun credited with curing boy beatified Fox News  - ?42 minutes ago? In this undated official photo provided by the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth, Sister Miriam Teresa Demjanovich is shown. (AP). In step before sainthood, nun credited with curing boy\u0027s eye disease is beatified ...Minneapolis Star Tribune New Jersey woman declared \u0027blessed,\u0027 a final step toward sainthoodNorthJersey.com In Depth:New Jersey nun credited with curing boy \"beatified\" in NewarkThe Star-Ledger See all 249 sources » Maryville Daily TimesSee realtime coverage Man bypasses security at JFK Airport; delays ensue SFGate  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK (AP) - Authorities say an airline passenger who bypassed security at New York City\u0027s Kennedy Airport is being questioned, and some flights have been delayed as a result. Related John F. Kennedy International Airport » JFK on lockdown after man sneaks past securityNew York Post Smoker bypasses security at JFK; flights delayedNew Zealand Herald See all 21 sources » Related John F. Kennedy International Airport » More U.S. stories Business » State ColumnSee realtime coverage Exxon-Mobil CEO pushes for scrapping ban on U.S. crude oil exports State Column  - ?2 hours ago? CEO Russ Tillerson believes removing the ban would spur job creation and encourage new investment that would lift production. While speaking to a business group in Houston, Tex. Related Exxon Mobil » Ebola threatens Exxon\u0027s drilling plans in West AfricaHouston Business Journal Exxon Mobil says Ebola disrupts drilling offshore LiberiaProactive Investors Australia See all 62 sources » Related Exxon Mobil » State ColumnSee realtime coverage Unemployment rate drops to 5.9 percent: Obama touts success State Column  - ?54 minutes ago? The Obama administration seems poised to continue its successful trek of adding jobs and overseeing overall growth of the U.S. economy, according to the Labor Department report. Unemployment Rate Reaches New Low During The Obama AdministrationDumb-Out US Employment Report: 248000 new jobs added In September, unemployment ...WallStreet OTC Highly Cited:Hiring Surge Puts U.S. Jobless Rate at Six-Year LowBloomberg In Depth:Hilsenrath Analysis: Jobs Report Keeps Early Rate Hike On Table, Tough ...Wall Street Journal (blog) See all 877 sources » PoliticusUSA6 hours ago  -  Google+ The Bureau of Labor Statistics released September’s employment figures on Friday and it was almost entirely good news. The economy added 248,000 new jobs during the month and the unemployment rate dro…pped to 5.9%. This is the lowest level the jobless rate has been since July 2008 and reiterates that President Obama has helped to resuscitate a moribund economy that was suffering through a horrific financial crisis when he took over. The BLS also r... We Are Way Better Off Than We Were When Bush Left Office As Jobless Rate... Mineral Wells IndexSee realtime coverage It Pays to Wait for Social Security Wall Street Journal  - ?10 minutes ago? Putting off filing for retirement benefits until age 70 can be a wise strategy for many retirees because the delayed credits you earn can beef up the monthly check amount substantially. Retirement planning with Social Security\u0027s \u0027annual report\u0027Pensacola News Journal 3 Crucial Things to Know About Social Security Spousal BenefitsMotley Fool Opinion:Life and death: It\u0027s complicatedDallas Morning News In Depth:9 key criteria for creating a sound retirement planMarketWatch See all 71 sources » More Business stories Technology » Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Hackers\u0027 Attack Cracked 10 Financial Firms in Major Assault New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? The huge cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase that touched more than 83 million households and businesses was one of the most serious computer intrusions into an American corporation. Related JPMorgan Chase » Chase » JPMorgan Chase attackers hacked other banks, report saysITworld.com JPMorgan Chase hack hits 76 million homes, 7 million businessesSFGate Trending on Google+:JP Morgan Says About 76 Million Households Affected By Cyber BreachWall Street Journal Opinion:REPORT: \u0027Russians\u0027 Behind Huge JPMorgan CyberattackBusiness Insider In Depth:After J.P. Morgan breach, should customers move their money?MarketWatch See all 1,391 sources » Related JPMorgan Chase » Chase » WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage FLASH drive ... Ah-aaaaaah! BadUSB no saviour to plug and play Universe Register  - ?1 hour ago? The seriousness of a USB security weakness, which potentially allows hackers to reprogram USB drives, has been ratcheted up a notch, with the release of prototype code. Related Malware » Security » Bad USB Malware Code Released and there is no FixWallStreet OTC Security researchers release codes of unfixable BadUSB bug for publicThe Next Digit Trending on Google+:An unfixable USB bug could lead to unstoppable malwareGeek See all 79 sources » Related Malware » Security » More Technology stories Entertainment » Daily DigestSee realtime coverage “Annabelle” beats out “Gone Girl” in box office Daily Digest  - ?55 minutes ago? Horror film Annabelle pulled slightly ahead of crime thriller Gone Girl in theatres. The prequel and spinoff to The Conjuring had a surprisingly good debut with $15.5 million, but it is likely Gone Girl will inch ahead. Related Annabelle » \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Doll and Its Creepy New England Connection: Director John R ...Latin Post \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Review: Dolls Aren\u0027t Always the Creepiest Things in a MovieFilm School Rejects Trending on Google+:Annabelle ReviewIGN Opinion:\u0027Annabelle\u0027: The Reviews Are In!MTV.com In Depth:Friday Box Office: \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Nabs $15.5M, \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 Nabs $13.2MForbes Wikipedia:Annabelle See all 333 sources » Related Annabelle » Indian ExpressSee realtime coverage Newlywed Clooneys show off rings after \u0027perfect\u0027 wedding Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago? Newlyweds George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin delighted crowds of onlookers as they took to the waters of Venice on Sunday, a day after a wedding described as \"more than perfect\" by the bride\u0027s father. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Inside George Clooney\u0027s £47000 Seychelles honeymoonTelegraph.co.uk Clooney, Alamuddin together on magazine cover againBusiness Standard Highly Cited:X17 EXCLUSIVE - George Clooney And Amal Alamuddin Honeymoon In The ...X17 Online Trending on Google+:George Clooney -- Italian Wedding Legal and BindingTMZ.com Opinion:George Clooney\u0027s Dad Got The Tears Flowing With His Emotional Wedding ToastMTV.com See all 232 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Jennifer Lawrence Supports Chris Martin at Kings of Leon Concert, Where He ... E! Online  - ?51 minutes ago? Jennifer Lawrence continues to support her man...and rock out! The 24-year-old Hunger Games star and Oscar winner was spotted at Kings Of Leon\u0027s concert at the Hollywood Bowl, which featured a guest performance from none other than her boyfriend, ... Related Chris Martin » Kings of Leon » Jennifer Lawrence » Jennifer Lawrence \u0026 Chris Martin Flaunt Hot PDA At ConcertHollywood Life Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Martin looked \u0027in love\u0027 at Kings of Leon concert: reportNew York Daily News Highly Cited:Kings of Leon Joined by Chris Martin at Hollywood Bowl: Concert ReviewBillboard Opinion:Are Chris Martin And Kings Of Leon About To Start A Supergroup?MTV.com See all 42 sources » Related Chris Martin » Kings of Leon » Jennifer Lawrence » More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage 2015 NFL Draft: Montgomery\u0027s drops key as Notre Dame beats Stanford CBSSports.com  - ?37 minutes ago? Stanford and Notre Dame boast two of the best defenses in college football and stormy conditions in South Bend made it even tougher on the offenses. Related Notre Dame Fighting Irish football » Stanford University » University of Notre Dame » Golson Rallies Irish to 17-14 Win Over StanfordABC News No. 9 Notre Dame survives No. 14 Stanford with late TD on fourth-and-11ESPN Opinion:Notre Dame Sneaks By Stanford With Late Touchdown On Fourth-And-LongDeadspin In Depth:College football game of the week: No. 14 Stanford at No. 9 Notre DameWashington Post See all 535 sources » Related Notre Dame Fighting Irish football » Stanford University » University of Notre Dame » NHL.comSee realtime coverage Bruins reluctantly trade Boychuk to Islanders NHL.com  - ?1 hour ago? Boston Bruins general manager Peter Chiarelli didn\u0027t want to trade top-four defenseman Johnny Boychuk to the New York Islanders, but felt it was a move he had to make. Related New York Islanders » Nick Leddy » Johnny Boychuk » Kalman: Bruins Defense Takes Hit With Johnny Boychuk TradeCBS Local Blackhawks trade Leddy, get under salary capChicago Tribune Opinion:Johnny Boychuk, Nick Leddy Traded To IslandersRealGM.com In Depth:Islanders shore up defense — trade for Boychuk, LeddyNew York Post See all 150 sources » Related New York Islanders » Nick Leddy » Johnny Boychuk » The Hockey News4 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s a big day for the Islanders: they acquire Johnny Boychuk from the Bruins and Nick Leddy from the Blackhawks - http://bit.ly/1vFyUOJ Islanders acquire Johnny Boychuk from Bruins, Nick Leddy from Blackhawks |... ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Dodgers vs. Cardinals, Game 2: St. Louis reacts after Game 1 win Los Angeles Times  - ?7 minutes ago? Dodgers center fielder Yasiel Puig takes off his batting gloves during a solitary moment following the Game 1 loss to the Cardinals on Friday night. Related St. Louis Cardinals » Los Angeles Dodgers » Lineups breakdown: Cardinals-Dodgers, NLDS Game 2MLB.com MLB playoffs 2014: What channel is Cardinals-Dodgers Game 2 of NLDS on?The Star-Ledger In Depth:Nightengale: Toppling Clayton Kershaw the Cardinals\u0027 latest zany actUSA TODAY See all 1,654 sources » Related St. Louis Cardinals » Los Angeles Dodgers » ESPNSee realtime coverage Baylor Knocks Off Texas ESPN  - ?26 minutes ago? Bryce Petty was 7-of-22 passing for 111 yards and two touchdowns in Baylor\u0027s 28-7 win over Texas. Tags: 2015, Baylor Bears, NCF, NFL Draft, Bryce Petty, Texas Longhorns · Baylor Knocks Off Texas ... Related Texas » Baylor University » Baylor Bears football » Baylor survives poor offense against Texas, remains undefeatedSportingNews.com Linwood, No. 7 Baylor roll over Texas 28-7USA TODAY In Depth:Baylor vs. Texas final score: 3 things we learned from Bears\u0027 28-7 winSB Nation Live Updating:Baylor vs. Texas: Game time, live stream, TV coverageSI.com See all 61 sources » Related Texas » Baylor University » Baylor Bears football » More Sports stories Science » Viral Global NewsSee realtime coverage Amazing Undersea Mountains Discovered by Use of Satellites Data (Video) Viral Global News  - ?2 hours ago? Scientists are pretty brilliant, and they continued to show the extent of that brilliance regarding the amazing undersea world. In the October 3 issue of the journal Science, scientists reveal they have discovered not just a few, but thousands of undersea ... Related Maps » New Satellite Snapshots Exposed Thousands Of Underwater Volcanoes of OceanCapital Wired What Features Are Hiding In The Depths Of Earth\u0027s Oceans?RedOrbit Highly Cited:Hidden Undersea Mountains Uncovered with Satellites (Photos)LiveScience.com Trending on Google+:Satellites detect \u0027thousands\u0027 of new ocean-bottom mountainsBBC News Opinion:Map Reveals New Underwater VolcanoesDaily Beast In Depth:Scientists Discover Thousands Of Uncharted Mountains Hidden Beneath The SeaHuffington Post See all 123 sources » Related Maps » BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Files to \u0027print your own\u0027 Rosetta comet BBC News  - ?Oct 3, 2014? Europe\u0027s space agency (Esa) has finally released a proper model for the shape of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. The organisation\u0027s Rosetta mission will try to put a small robot on the surface of this \"ice mountain\" on 12 November. Related European Space Agency » Rosetta reveals Comet 67P dimensions but \u0027dark side\u0027 yet to be FULLY PROBEDRegister Latest images of Rosetta comet are detailed enough for your own 3D printingThe Space Reporter Trending on Google+:Rosetta Spacecraft\u0027s Comet Companion Is Spouting Jets (Photo)Space.com In Depth:Rosetta Sees Jets Blast from Comet\u0027s \u0027Neck\u0027Discovery News See all 35 sources » Related European Space Agency » SETI Institute5 hours ago  -  Google+ This image taken by ESA\u0027s Rosetta on 9/26 shows jets of dust and gas escaping from the nucleus of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. In the montage, a region of jet activity can be seen at the neck …of the comet. These jets, originating from several discrete locations, are a product of ices sublimating and gases escaping from inside the nucleus: http://buff.ly/1sSOMyG International Business TimesSee realtime coverage NASA Observatory Captures Giant Filament Of Solar Material On The Sun International Business Times  - ?3 hours ago? A dark snaking line in the upper right of these images captured Sept. 30, 2014, show a filament of solar material hovering above the sun\u0027s surface. Related Sun » NASA » Giant Dark Snake Writhes Across Sun\u0027s SurfaceNature World News SDO Monitors Giant Sun FilamentChinatopix Trending on Google+:NASA\u0027s Solar Dynamics Observatory captured massive filament across SunDaily News \u0026 Analysis See all 20 sources » Related Sun » NASA » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Mighty Little Quadcopter Flew Over A Volcano To Bring You This Awesome Video Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago? A mighty little quadcopter armed with a GoPro has captured rare footage of a raging volcano, and it\u0027s jaw-dropping. The video features Mount Bardarbunga, Iceland\u0027s second highest mountain, as it was erupting on Sept. Related Volcanoes » Bárðarbunga » Spectacular drone footage of erupting Icelandic VolcanoTelegraph.co.uk Chinese Drone provides rarely seen side of Bardarbunga Volcano\u0027s EruptionMaine News In Depth:Flying into the furnace: Drone fitted with GoPro captures blistering footage of a ...Daily Mail See all 79 sources » Related Volcanoes » Bárðarbunga » Shane Pitre6 hours ago  -  Google+ Drone footage captures Iceland\u0027s Bárdarbunga volcano erupting. It was too dangerous to be approached by manned aircraft. More Science stories Health » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Airline Passenger Does Not Have Ebola Virus, Hospital Officials in New Jersey ... New York Times  - ?32 minutes ago? A sick passenger was taken off the United Airlines plane at left when it landed at Newark Liberty International Airport on Saturday and to a local hospital amid fears that he might have the Ebola virus. Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Newark Liberty International Airport » Vomiting Man Removed From Flight in Newark Is Ebola-FreeBusinessweek US officials say Ebola unlikely in sick Newark passengers: reportReuters Highly Cited:CDC responds to sick passenger on flight from BrusselsCNN Trending on Google+:Passenger Who Showed Possible Ebola Symptoms Does Not Have DiseaseABC News See all 155 sources » Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Newark Liberty International Airport » The West Wire5 hours ago  -  Google+ CDC Investigating Passenger for Ebola in Newark Liberty International Airport http://www.thewestwire.com/cdc-investigating-passenger-for-ebola-in-newark-liberty-international-airport/ From CBS New York: The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey says the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is …investigating a sick passenger at Newark Liberty International Airport for possible Ebola. Port Authority officials said a passenger on board United Flight 998, inbound fro... #Ebola, #HEbola, #Newark Financial ExpressSee realtime coverage Woman has baby after womb transplant in world first Financial Express  - ?1 hour ago? A 36-year-old Swede has become the world\u0027s first woman to give birth after receiving a womb transplant. (Thinkstock). SummaryThe healthy baby boy was born last month at the University of Gothenburg\u0027s hospital. Related Woman » Organ transplants » Infants » Swedish woman is world\u0027s first to give birth after womb transplantThe Globe and Mail Woman gives birth after womb transplantThe Express Tribune Trending on Google+:Womb transplant: first picture of baby born after pioneering operationTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:First baby born to woman with transplanted wombSydney Morning Herald See all 432 sources » Related Woman » Organ transplants » Infants » NBC Bay Area2 hours ago  -  Google+ A woman in Sweden gave birth after receiving a womb transplant. As a medical first, the feat opens up an experimental alternative for thousands of women each year who are unable to have children be…cause they lost a uterus to cancer or were born without one. http://nbcbay.com/F19GLKD More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Ebola patient in Dallas turns critical, no new US cases Reuters - 13 minutes ago British hostage David Bolam freed in Libya BBC News - 14 minutes ago No. 11 Ole Miss knocks No. 1 Alabama from unbeaten ranks USA TODAY - 20 minutes ago Weather for Somerville, Texas Today 82° 55° Sun 84° 64° Mon 88° 70° Tue 90° 68° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLS   CLB 1 1 33:49 1H NE DAL 0 2 45:00 1H VAN HOU 0 1 90:25 2H NY TOR 1412476200 LA POR 1412478000 SJ MLB   SF 0 1 Bot 8th WAS STL 1412473020 LAD live match MLS   KC 0-0 Final DC MLB   DET 6-7 Final BAL SF 3-2 Final WAS STL 10-9 Final LAD KC 4-1 Final LAA Central Texas » College Station Police Searching for Hit \u0026 Run Driver KBTX - 17 hours ago Rockdale runs past Madisonville, 40-14 Madisonville Meteor - 9 hours ago Texas A\u0026M Barrier Could Stop Terrorists in their Tracks KBTX - Oct 3, 2014 Editors\u0027 Picks Thanks to Windows 8, Windows 10 need only be good enough Caroline Craig Price tag for troubled SAP project will skyrocket to nearly $1 billion,... Chris Kanaracus Microsoft takes the hassle out of Office 365 email encryption Juan Carlos Perez Apple signals Oct. 21 as OS X Yosemite launch date Gregg Keizer Microsoft adds Azure to disaster-recovery-as-a-service bandwagon Serdar Yegulalp Learn more Spotlight » Who Are \u0027We the People\u0027? New York Times - 5 hours ago Majorana Discovery: After 80 Year Search, Weird Particle Found Discovery News - Oct 3, 2014 Can Egypt\u0027s Crisis Help Clean Energy Gain Traction? National Geographic - Oct 3, 2014 In Venice, Navigating Like a Native New York Times - Oct 3, 2014 \u0027Sons of Anarchy\u0027 reaches the last fork in the road Entertainment Weekly - Oct 3, 2014 Last Dance for the Playboy King of Swaziland? National Geographic - Oct 3, 2014 Kevin Spacey on playing a politician who \u0027gets stuff done,\u0027 and cultivating new ... PBS NewsHour - Oct 2, 2014 Q\u0026A: Environmental Firebrand Bill McKibben: People, Not Exxon, Own the Sky National Geographic - Oct 2, 2014 Deported Salvadoran teen returns home to threat of gang violence PBS NewsHour - Oct 3, 2014 Opinion: More Archaeological Finds Coming Through Tech Discovery News - 12 hours ago Seeking Dean\u0027s Firing, Seminary Professors End Up Jobless New York Times - Oct 1, 2014 Are Ebola screening measures ineffective? – Part 2 PBS NewsHour - Oct 3, 2014 Most popular Ebola patient in Dallas takes turn for worse Reuters - 9 minutes ago US disease control agents escort man off flight in Newark: report India Today - 14 minutes ago Family of former US Army Ranger held hostage by Islamic State plead for his life Washington Post - 17 minutes ago Researchers Unleash \u0027BadUSB\u0027 Bug Details PC Magazine - 1 hour ago US VP apologizes after riling Turkey\u0027s Erdogan Al-Arabiya - 14 minutes ago Ex-Haiti dictator \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier dies Sky News Australia - 16 minutes ago Map Reveals New Underwater Volcanoes Daily Beast - 1 hour ago Pa. cop-sniper manhunt enters 3rd week: Can Eric Frein ever be caught? (+video) Christian Science Monitor - 1 hour ago Kim Jong-un falls off the radar as the two Koreas agree to talk The Independent - 9 minutes ago Newlywed Clooneys show off rings after \u0027perfect\u0027 wedding Business Recorder - 1 hour agoReutersSee realtime coverage Ebola patient in Dallas takes turn for worse Reuters  - ?9 minutes ago? DALLAS (Reuters) - The first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States took a turn for the worse on Saturday, slipping from serious to critical condition, as health officials reported fielding scores of possible cases around the country that proved to be false ... Related Ebola » As US Ebola Fears Widen, Reports of Possible Cases GrowNew York Times Thomas Eric Duncan, Dallas Ebola Patient, Now In Critical ConditionHuffington Post In Depth:New Jersey Ebola scare over; man does not have diseaseLos Angeles Times Wikipedia:2014 Ebola virus cases in the United States See all 10,455 sources » Related Ebola » Alister Macintyre1 hour ago  -  Google+ Duncan Ebola Time Line, figured out so far, Sep-28-29. Sun Sep 28 , a family member got him to the hospital again, by calling an ambulance, and this time they recognized he should be placed in isola…tion for Ebola, but failed to inform the family, that he may in fact have Ebola.  They found out via the news media.[1] One of the neighbors told the news media later, that Duncan had been vomiting all over the sidewalk, when the ambulance crew took... Alarming Claims Made by ‘Stepdaughter’ of Dallas Ebola Patient Likely Won’t... Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Washington Post Washington PostCDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US CDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US - Washington Post Voice of America Voice of AmericaUS Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak US Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak - Voice of America ABC News ABC News Hospital: Dallas Ebola Patient Critical Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Ebola Patient Thomas Eric Duncan\u0027s Nephew: I Had to Call CDC ABC News ABC News Across 3 Continents, Ebola Makes Its Way to US TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Local reaction to Ebola fears Fox News Fox News What does \u0027direct contact\u0027 mean? The truth about Ebola transmission Getty Images Getty Images Residents Quarantined In Dallas Apartment Where Ebola Patient Had Stayed TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know Politico Politico No new signs of Ebola in U.S. North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of ContactReuters  - ?9 minutes ago?Reuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Washington Post Washington PostCDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US CDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US - Washington Post Voice of America Voice of AmericaUS Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak US Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak - Voice of America ABC News ABC News Hospital: Dallas Ebola Patient Critical Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Ebola Patient Thomas Eric Duncan\u0027s Nephew: I Had to Call CDC ABC News ABC News Across 3 Continents, Ebola Makes Its Way to US TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Local reaction to Ebola fears Fox News Fox News What does \u0027direct contact\u0027 mean? The truth about Ebola transmission Getty Images Getty Images Residents Quarantined In Dallas Apartment Where Ebola Patient Had Stayed TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know Politico Politico No new signs of Ebola in U.S. North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of ContactReuters ReutersCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient CDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - Reuters Washington Post Washington PostCDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US CDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US - Washington Post Voice of America Voice of AmericaUS Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak US Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak - Voice of America ABC News ABC News Hospital: Dallas Ebola Patient Critical Fox News Fox News Dallas Ebola patient vomited outside apartment on way to hospital New York Daily News New York Daily News Dallas Ebola patient worsening, listed in critical condition: hospital NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Ebola Patient Thomas Eric Duncan\u0027s Nephew: I Had to Call CDC ABC News ABC News Across 3 Continents, Ebola Makes Its Way to US TBO.com TBO.com Sister: US Ebola patient said he was from Liberia North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Officials: 100 \u0027Potential Contacts\u0027 Linked To Dallas Ebola Patient wwlp.com wwlp.com Local reaction to Ebola fears Fox News Fox News What does \u0027direct contact\u0027 mean? The truth about Ebola transmission Getty Images Getty Images Residents Quarantined In Dallas Apartment Where Ebola Patient Had Stayed TBO.com TBO.com The US Ebola case: 5 things to know Politico Politico No new signs of Ebola in U.S. North Country Public Radio North Country Public Radio Dallas Ebola Case: Experts Say 9 People At Highest Risk Of ContactCDC monitoring 40 people possibly exposed to Ebola patient - ReutersCDC on first Ebola case diagnosed in the US - Washington PostUS Health Officials Step Up Efforts to Prevent Ebola Outbreak - Voice of AmericaThe AustralianSee realtime coverage \u0027Too little\u0027 done to save Alan Henning from Islamic State killers The Australian  - ?1 hour ago? THE family and friends of Alan Henning, the hostage murdered by terrorists in Syria, have accused the British government of doing too little to save his life. Relative of Alan Henning hits out at UK governmentScotsman Islamic State group hostage\u0027s parents plead for his releaseToronto Star From United Kingdom:Peter Kassig: Parents of hostage send message to son threatened by IsisThe Independent Opinion:Beheaded for daring to help those in needgulfnews.com Wikipedia:Alan Henning See all 1,836 sources » The Huffington Post UK8 hours ago  -  Google+ Alan Henning\u0027s Hometown Eccles Pays Tribute To Taxi Driver Murdered By ISIS (PICTURES) By + Jack Sommers   The people of Eccles, Alan Henning\u0027s hometown, have begun laying flowers at his home and work…place, as the country is plunged into grief and anger by news of his death at the hands of Islamic State. IS, also known as Isil or Isis, released a video on Friday evening that showed the beheading of Mr Henning, 47, a taxi driver and father-of-two...The Australian  - ?1 hour ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Flag From 9/11 Consumed by Flight 93 Memorial Fire NBC Chicago  - ?36 minutes ago? A handful of personal items of passengers and crew were also lost in the fire. By The Associated Press. View Comments (. ) |. Email. Flag from 9/11 is lost in Flight 93 Memorial fireLynchburg News and Advance See all 365 sources » Related: Flight 93 National Memorial » United Airlines Flight 93 » September 11 attacks »NBC Chicago  - ?36 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage No. 11 Ole Miss knocks No. 1 Alabama from unbeaten ranks USA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago? Mississippi Rebels receiver Vince Sanders (10) scores to tie the game during the second half against Alabama Crimson Tide at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium. Related University of Mississippi » Alabama Crimson Tide Football » College football » Ole Miss Rallies To Stun AlabamaESPN Ole Miss rallies, upsets BamaCBSSports.com Opinion:Ole Miss Rally Takes Down The Mighty Crimson TideDeadspin In Depth:Matching up: No. 1/3 Alabama vs. No. 11 Ole MissAL.com See all 894 sources » Related University of Mississippi » Alabama Crimson Tide Football » College football » Marty D\u0027Arcy10 hours ago  -  Google+ Saturday Football Down South... CBS @ 3:30. ROLL TIDE ROLL For Alabama, showdown at Ole Miss \u0027the kind of game you want to come play\u0027 Alabama Football - Saturday Down SouthUSA TODAY  - ?20 minutes ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Hong Kong: Protesters set for backlash as China\u0027s strangulation of the Umbrella ... The Independent  - ?9 minutes ago? Tens of thousands of protesters continued their occupation of large swathes of Hong Kong yesterday, but the embattled chief executive of the former colony, Leung Chun-ying, warned that the protest\u0027s days were numbered. Related Hong Kong » Hong Kong protests: Government may resume Monday, demonstrations go onCBC.ca Singapore FM sees anti-China bias in Western media reports on movement in ...Xinhua Opinion:Hong Kong Protests Go On After UltimatumDaily Beast See all 13,549 sources » Related Hong Kong » Russ Abbott6 hours ago  -  Google+ Martin Lee, a longtime democracy advocate and the founding chairman of the Democratic Party of Hong Kong, wants the world to stand with Hong Kong. Why is it important? Because this is a last stand i…n defense of Hong Kong’s core values, the values that have long set us apart from China: the rule of law, press freedom, good governance, judicial independence and protection for basic human rights. Beijing’s heavy-handed response earlier this week m... Who Will Stand With Hong Kong? - NYTimes.comThe Independent  - ?9 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Loose e-cigarette laws may be hard to tighten USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago? JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - In a rush to keep electronic cigarettes out of children\u0027s hands while the federal government creeps forward with a proposed national ban for minors, experts say that many states are passing laws that could mean fewer ... Related Cigarettes » Why Big Tobacco keeps demolishing the FDA in federal courtSalon Vancouver to treat e-cigarettes like tobaccoVancouver Sun See all 42 sources » Related Cigarettes »USA TODAY  - ?3 hours ago?Detroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Ousted Haitian dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier dies in Haiti (+video) Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? Jean-Claude \"Baby Doc\" Duvalier, whose leadership of Haiti was marked by repression and human rights abuses, has died before the charges against him could come to trial. Related Jean-Claude Duvalier » Haiti » François Duvalier » Jean-Claude Duvalier, former Haitian president, diesSFGate Haiti\u0027s \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier Dies At 63NPR Highly Cited:Former Haitian dictator \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 Duvalier dies at 63CNN Trending on Google+:Jean-Claude Duvalier, \u0027Baby Doc\u0027 of Haiti, Dies at 63New York Times Opinion:Ousted Haitian Dictator ?Baby Doc? DiesDaily Beast See all 243 sources » Related Jean-Claude Duvalier » Haiti » François Duvalier » CBC News3 hours ago  -  Google+ Haitian ex-dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier has died an heart attack says his attorney. The ex-leader\u0027s attorney Reynold Georges says he died at home of a heart attack on Saturday. Duvalier has pose…d a challenge to Haiti since his return in 2011 from 25 years in exile in France: http://cbc.sh/Wn0mGgM Jean-Claude Duvalier, ex-Haitian dictator, dead at 63Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Mexico missing students: Mass grave found near Iguala BBC News  - ?52 minutes ago? A mass grave has been found on the outskirts the Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing on 26 September, officials say. Related Mexico » Mass grave found near Mexico town hit by violenceToledo Blade Mass grave in Mexico may harbor missing studentsFusion See all 65 sources » Related Mexico »BBC News  - ?52 minutes ago?Philippine StarSee realtime coverage Muslims Celebrate Eid al-Adha, Feast of Sacrifice Voice of America  - ?2 hours ago? Muslims around the world are celebrating the start of Islam\u0027s biggest holiday, Eid al-Adha, the Feast of Sacrifice. More than two million pilgrims are completing their ritual journey to the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia, known as the Hajj. Related Eid al-Fitr » Muslims » A Cow Fashion Mall That Caters to Eid al-Adha CelebrationsWall Street Journal (blog) LI Muslims gather to observe Eid al-AdhaNewsday From Saudi Arabia:Riyadh Region Governor receives Eid Al-Adha well-wishersSaudi Press Agency In Depth:IN PHOTOS: Major Muslim, Jewish holidays coincideHaaretz See all 577 sources » Related Eid al-Fitr » Muslims » Online Quran Classes9 hours ago  -  Google+ The Sunnah’s of Eid Ul Adha   1. To awaken earlier than usual 2. To brush the teeth with Miswaak 3. To have a bath (Ghusl) 4. To be well dressed in an Islamic manner 5. To be dressed in …one’s best clothes (Doesn’t necessarily have to be new) Note: Care should be taken that one does not incur debts or transgress the limits of modesty on such clothes as is seen in the Muslim communities of today. Many of our brothers are seen with un...Voice of America  - ?2 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage South and North Korea Agree to New Talks New York Times  - ?21 minutes ago? Kim Kwan-jin, left, the top national security adviser for President Park Geun-hye of South Korea, met Hwang Pyong-so, second from right, the top political officer of the North Korean military, and other top officials from the North in Incheon on Saturday. Related North Korea » South Korea » Kim Jong-un » South, North Korea agree to talks, raise hopes for reconciliationSFGate North and South Korea agree to talksBBC News From South Korea:[Asian Games] North Korea returns to Asiad top 10 after more than a decadeThe Korea Herald Trending on Google+:With Kim out of sight, North Korean top brass pay snap visit to SouthCNN Opinion:Inter-Korean dialogue to resume after top Northern envoys\u0027 surprise visitReuters UK In Depth:Kim Jong-un falls off the radar as the two Koreas agree to talkThe Independent See all 592 sources » Related North Korea » South Korea » Kim Jong-un » The West Wire10 hours ago  -  Google+ Rumors of North/South Korea Unification Talks http://www.thewestwire.com/rumors-of-northsouth-korea-unification-talks/ From RIA Novosti: Ekaterina Blinova – Senior North Korean officials have made a surprise visit to the South Korean city of Incheon, where the closing c…eremonies of the Asian Games are taking place today, Saturday, October 4. “With Kim Jong Un out of sight for a month, a covey of... #BestKoreaNew York Times  - ?21 minutes ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Heat From North to South Smothers California ABC News  - ?23 minutes ago? Temperatures approached triple digits in much of California on Saturday afternoon and surpassed 100 degrees in inland areas as a steaming autumn in the state seemed more like an endless summer. Related California » Hot, dry weather in California stokes wildfire fearsReuters Fall heat wave across California to peak SaturdayThe Seattle Times See all 206 sources » Related California » Noah Diffenbaugh9 hours ago  -  Google+ Influence of Global Warming on Extreme Rainfall + deepti singh  , myself, and our collaborators have a new paper analyzing the extreme rainfall event that cause severe flooding in Northern India in June 2013 …(see photo). We find that the peak 4-day rainfall was caused by an extremely rare confluence of atmospheric circulation. When looking at the total precipitation for June 2013, we find some evidence that the level of precipitation has been made more ...ABC News  - ?23 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage New Jersey nun credited with curing boy beatified Fox News  - ?42 minutes ago? In this undated official photo provided by the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth, Sister Miriam Teresa Demjanovich is shown. (AP). In step before sainthood, nun credited with curing boy\u0027s eye disease is beatified ...Minneapolis Star Tribune New Jersey woman declared \u0027blessed,\u0027 a final step toward sainthoodNorthJersey.com In Depth:New Jersey nun credited with curing boy \"beatified\" in NewarkThe Star-Ledger See all 249 sources »Fox News  - ?42 minutes ago?Maryville Daily TimesSee realtime coverage Man bypasses security at JFK Airport; delays ensue SFGate  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK (AP) - Authorities say an airline passenger who bypassed security at New York City\u0027s Kennedy Airport is being questioned, and some flights have been delayed as a result. Related John F. Kennedy International Airport » JFK on lockdown after man sneaks past securityNew York Post Smoker bypasses security at JFK; flights delayedNew Zealand Herald See all 21 sources » Related John F. Kennedy International Airport »SFGate  - ?1 hour ago?State ColumnSee realtime coverage Exxon-Mobil CEO pushes for scrapping ban on U.S. crude oil exports State Column  - ?2 hours ago? CEO Russ Tillerson believes removing the ban would spur job creation and encourage new investment that would lift production. While speaking to a business group in Houston, Tex. Related Exxon Mobil » Ebola threatens Exxon\u0027s drilling plans in West AfricaHouston Business Journal Exxon Mobil says Ebola disrupts drilling offshore LiberiaProactive Investors Australia See all 62 sources » Related Exxon Mobil »State Column  - ?2 hours ago?State ColumnSee realtime coverage Unemployment rate drops to 5.9 percent: Obama touts success State Column  - ?54 minutes ago? The Obama administration seems poised to continue its successful trek of adding jobs and overseeing overall growth of the U.S. economy, according to the Labor Department report. Unemployment Rate Reaches New Low During The Obama AdministrationDumb-Out US Employment Report: 248000 new jobs added In September, unemployment ...WallStreet OTC Highly Cited:Hiring Surge Puts U.S. Jobless Rate at Six-Year LowBloomberg In Depth:Hilsenrath Analysis: Jobs Report Keeps Early Rate Hike On Table, Tough ...Wall Street Journal (blog) See all 877 sources » PoliticusUSA6 hours ago  -  Google+ The Bureau of Labor Statistics released September’s employment figures on Friday and it was almost entirely good news. The economy added 248,000 new jobs during the month and the unemployment rate dro…pped to 5.9%. This is the lowest level the jobless rate has been since July 2008 and reiterates that President Obama has helped to resuscitate a moribund economy that was suffering through a horrific financial crisis when he took over. The BLS also r... We Are Way Better Off Than We Were When Bush Left Office As Jobless Rate...State Column  - ?54 minutes ago?Mineral Wells IndexSee realtime coverage It Pays to Wait for Social Security Wall Street Journal  - ?10 minutes ago? Putting off filing for retirement benefits until age 70 can be a wise strategy for many retirees because the delayed credits you earn can beef up the monthly check amount substantially. Retirement planning with Social Security\u0027s \u0027annual report\u0027Pensacola News Journal 3 Crucial Things to Know About Social Security Spousal BenefitsMotley Fool Opinion:Life and death: It\u0027s complicatedDallas Morning News In Depth:9 key criteria for creating a sound retirement planMarketWatch See all 71 sources »Wall Street Journal  - ?10 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Hackers\u0027 Attack Cracked 10 Financial Firms in Major Assault New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? The huge cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase that touched more than 83 million households and businesses was one of the most serious computer intrusions into an American corporation. Related JPMorgan Chase » Chase » JPMorgan Chase attackers hacked other banks, report saysITworld.com JPMorgan Chase hack hits 76 million homes, 7 million businessesSFGate Trending on Google+:JP Morgan Says About 76 Million Households Affected By Cyber BreachWall Street Journal Opinion:REPORT: \u0027Russians\u0027 Behind Huge JPMorgan CyberattackBusiness Insider In Depth:After J.P. Morgan breach, should customers move their money?MarketWatch See all 1,391 sources » Related JPMorgan Chase » Chase »New York Times  - ?2 hours ago?WallStreet OTCSee realtime coverage FLASH drive ... Ah-aaaaaah! BadUSB no saviour to plug and play Universe Register  - ?1 hour ago? The seriousness of a USB security weakness, which potentially allows hackers to reprogram USB drives, has been ratcheted up a notch, with the release of prototype code. Related Malware » Security » Bad USB Malware Code Released and there is no FixWallStreet OTC Security researchers release codes of unfixable BadUSB bug for publicThe Next Digit Trending on Google+:An unfixable USB bug could lead to unstoppable malwareGeek See all 79 sources » Related Malware » Security »Register  - ?1 hour ago?Daily DigestSee realtime coverage “Annabelle” beats out “Gone Girl” in box office Daily Digest  - ?55 minutes ago? Horror film Annabelle pulled slightly ahead of crime thriller Gone Girl in theatres. The prequel and spinoff to The Conjuring had a surprisingly good debut with $15.5 million, but it is likely Gone Girl will inch ahead. Related Annabelle » \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Doll and Its Creepy New England Connection: Director John R ...Latin Post \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Review: Dolls Aren\u0027t Always the Creepiest Things in a MovieFilm School Rejects Trending on Google+:Annabelle ReviewIGN Opinion:\u0027Annabelle\u0027: The Reviews Are In!MTV.com In Depth:Friday Box Office: \u0027Annabelle\u0027 Nabs $15.5M, \u0027Gone Girl\u0027 Nabs $13.2MForbes Wikipedia:Annabelle See all 333 sources » Related Annabelle »Daily Digest  - ?55 minutes ago?Indian ExpressSee realtime coverage Newlywed Clooneys show off rings after \u0027perfect\u0027 wedding Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago? Newlyweds George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin delighted crowds of onlookers as they took to the waters of Venice on Sunday, a day after a wedding described as \"more than perfect\" by the bride\u0027s father. Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin » Inside George Clooney\u0027s £47000 Seychelles honeymoonTelegraph.co.uk Clooney, Alamuddin together on magazine cover againBusiness Standard Highly Cited:X17 EXCLUSIVE - George Clooney And Amal Alamuddin Honeymoon In The ...X17 Online Trending on Google+:George Clooney -- Italian Wedding Legal and BindingTMZ.com Opinion:George Clooney\u0027s Dad Got The Tears Flowing With His Emotional Wedding ToastMTV.com See all 232 sources » Related George Clooney » Amal Alamuddin »Business Recorder  - ?1 hour ago?E! OnlineSee realtime coverage Jennifer Lawrence Supports Chris Martin at Kings of Leon Concert, Where He ... E! Online  - ?51 minutes ago? Jennifer Lawrence continues to support her man...and rock out! The 24-year-old Hunger Games star and Oscar winner was spotted at Kings Of Leon\u0027s concert at the Hollywood Bowl, which featured a guest performance from none other than her boyfriend, ... Related Chris Martin » Kings of Leon » Jennifer Lawrence » Jennifer Lawrence \u0026 Chris Martin Flaunt Hot PDA At ConcertHollywood Life Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Martin looked \u0027in love\u0027 at Kings of Leon concert: reportNew York Daily News Highly Cited:Kings of Leon Joined by Chris Martin at Hollywood Bowl: Concert ReviewBillboard Opinion:Are Chris Martin And Kings Of Leon About To Start A Supergroup?MTV.com See all 42 sources » Related Chris Martin » Kings of Leon » Jennifer Lawrence »E! Online  - ?51 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage 2015 NFL Draft: Montgomery\u0027s drops key as Notre Dame beats Stanford CBSSports.com  - ?37 minutes ago? Stanford and Notre Dame boast two of the best defenses in college football and stormy conditions in South Bend made it even tougher on the offenses. Related Notre Dame Fighting Irish football » Stanford University » University of Notre Dame » Golson Rallies Irish to 17-14 Win Over StanfordABC News No. 9 Notre Dame survives No. 14 Stanford with late TD on fourth-and-11ESPN Opinion:Notre Dame Sneaks By Stanford With Late Touchdown On Fourth-And-LongDeadspin In Depth:College football game of the week: No. 14 Stanford at No. 9 Notre DameWashington Post See all 535 sources » Related Notre Dame Fighting Irish football » Stanford University » University of Notre Dame »CBSSports.com  - ?37 minutes ago?NHL.comSee realtime coverage Bruins reluctantly trade Boychuk to Islanders NHL.com  - ?1 hour ago? Boston Bruins general manager Peter Chiarelli didn\u0027t want to trade top-four defenseman Johnny Boychuk to the New York Islanders, but felt it was a move he had to make. Related New York Islanders » Nick Leddy » Johnny Boychuk » Kalman: Bruins Defense Takes Hit With Johnny Boychuk TradeCBS Local Blackhawks trade Leddy, get under salary capChicago Tribune Opinion:Johnny Boychuk, Nick Leddy Traded To IslandersRealGM.com In Depth:Islanders shore up defense — trade for Boychuk, LeddyNew York Post See all 150 sources » Related New York Islanders » Nick Leddy » Johnny Boychuk » The Hockey News4 hours ago  -  Google+ It\u0027s a big day for the Islanders: they acquire Johnny Boychuk from the Bruins and Nick Leddy from the Blackhawks - http://bit.ly/1vFyUOJ Islanders acquire Johnny Boychuk from Bruins, Nick Leddy from Blackhawks |...NHL.com  - ?1 hour ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Dodgers vs. Cardinals, Game 2: St. Louis reacts after Game 1 win Los Angeles Times  - ?7 minutes ago? Dodgers center fielder Yasiel Puig takes off his batting gloves during a solitary moment following the Game 1 loss to the Cardinals on Friday night. Related St. Louis Cardinals » Los Angeles Dodgers » Lineups breakdown: Cardinals-Dodgers, NLDS Game 2MLB.com MLB playoffs 2014: What channel is Cardinals-Dodgers Game 2 of NLDS on?The Star-Ledger In Depth:Nightengale: Toppling Clayton Kershaw the Cardinals\u0027 latest zany actUSA TODAY See all 1,654 sources » Related St. Louis Cardinals » Los Angeles Dodgers »Los Angeles Times  - ?7 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Baylor Knocks Off Texas ESPN  - ?26 minutes ago? Bryce Petty was 7-of-22 passing for 111 yards and two touchdowns in Baylor\u0027s 28-7 win over Texas. Tags: 2015, Baylor Bears, NCF, NFL Draft, Bryce Petty, Texas Longhorns · Baylor Knocks Off Texas ... Related Texas » Baylor University » Baylor Bears football » Baylor survives poor offense against Texas, remains undefeatedSportingNews.com Linwood, No. 7 Baylor roll over Texas 28-7USA TODAY In Depth:Baylor vs. Texas final score: 3 things we learned from Bears\u0027 28-7 winSB Nation Live Updating:Baylor vs. Texas: Game time, live stream, TV coverageSI.com See all 61 sources » Related Texas » Baylor University » Baylor Bears football »ESPN  - ?26 minutes ago?Viral Global NewsSee realtime coverage Amazing Undersea Mountains Discovered by Use of Satellites Data (Video) Viral Global News  - ?2 hours ago? Scientists are pretty brilliant, and they continued to show the extent of that brilliance regarding the amazing undersea world. In the October 3 issue of the journal Science, scientists reveal they have discovered not just a few, but thousands of undersea ... Related Maps » New Satellite Snapshots Exposed Thousands Of Underwater Volcanoes of OceanCapital Wired What Features Are Hiding In The Depths Of Earth\u0027s Oceans?RedOrbit Highly Cited:Hidden Undersea Mountains Uncovered with Satellites (Photos)LiveScience.com Trending on Google+:Satellites detect \u0027thousands\u0027 of new ocean-bottom mountainsBBC News Opinion:Map Reveals New Underwater VolcanoesDaily Beast In Depth:Scientists Discover Thousands Of Uncharted Mountains Hidden Beneath The SeaHuffington Post See all 123 sources » Related Maps »Viral Global News  - ?2 hours ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Files to \u0027print your own\u0027 Rosetta comet BBC News  - ?Oct 3, 2014? Europe\u0027s space agency (Esa) has finally released a proper model for the shape of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. The organisation\u0027s Rosetta mission will try to put a small robot on the surface of this \"ice mountain\" on 12 November. Related European Space Agency » Rosetta reveals Comet 67P dimensions but \u0027dark side\u0027 yet to be FULLY PROBEDRegister Latest images of Rosetta comet are detailed enough for your own 3D printingThe Space Reporter Trending on Google+:Rosetta Spacecraft\u0027s Comet Companion Is Spouting Jets (Photo)Space.com In Depth:Rosetta Sees Jets Blast from Comet\u0027s \u0027Neck\u0027Discovery News See all 35 sources » Related European Space Agency » SETI Institute5 hours ago  -  Google+ This image taken by ESA\u0027s Rosetta on 9/26 shows jets of dust and gas escaping from the nucleus of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. In the montage, a region of jet activity can be seen at the neck …of the comet. These jets, originating from several discrete locations, are a product of ices sublimating and gases escaping from inside the nucleus: http://buff.ly/1sSOMyGBBC News  - ?Oct 3, 2014?International Business TimesSee realtime coverage NASA Observatory Captures Giant Filament Of Solar Material On The Sun International Business Times  - ?3 hours ago? A dark snaking line in the upper right of these images captured Sept. 30, 2014, show a filament of solar material hovering above the sun\u0027s surface. Related Sun » NASA » Giant Dark Snake Writhes Across Sun\u0027s SurfaceNature World News SDO Monitors Giant Sun FilamentChinatopix Trending on Google+:NASA\u0027s Solar Dynamics Observatory captured massive filament across SunDaily News \u0026 Analysis See all 20 sources » Related Sun » NASA »International Business Times  - ?3 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Mighty Little Quadcopter Flew Over A Volcano To Bring You This Awesome Video Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago? A mighty little quadcopter armed with a GoPro has captured rare footage of a raging volcano, and it\u0027s jaw-dropping. The video features Mount Bardarbunga, Iceland\u0027s second highest mountain, as it was erupting on Sept. Related Volcanoes » Bárðarbunga » Spectacular drone footage of erupting Icelandic VolcanoTelegraph.co.uk Chinese Drone provides rarely seen side of Bardarbunga Volcano\u0027s EruptionMaine News In Depth:Flying into the furnace: Drone fitted with GoPro captures blistering footage of a ...Daily Mail See all 79 sources » Related Volcanoes » Bárðarbunga » Shane Pitre6 hours ago  -  Google+ Drone footage captures Iceland\u0027s Bárdarbunga volcano erupting. It was too dangerous to be approached by manned aircraft.Huffington Post  - ?10 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Airline Passenger Does Not Have Ebola Virus, Hospital Officials in New Jersey ... New York Times  - ?32 minutes ago? A sick passenger was taken off the United Airlines plane at left when it landed at Newark Liberty International Airport on Saturday and to a local hospital amid fears that he might have the Ebola virus. Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Newark Liberty International Airport » Vomiting Man Removed From Flight in Newark Is Ebola-FreeBusinessweek US officials say Ebola unlikely in sick Newark passengers: reportReuters Highly Cited:CDC responds to sick passenger on flight from BrusselsCNN Trending on Google+:Passenger Who Showed Possible Ebola Symptoms Does Not Have DiseaseABC News See all 155 sources » Related Ebola » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Newark Liberty International Airport » The West Wire5 hours ago  -  Google+ CDC Investigating Passenger for Ebola in Newark Liberty International Airport http://www.thewestwire.com/cdc-investigating-passenger-for-ebola-in-newark-liberty-international-airport/ From CBS New York: The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey says the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is …investigating a sick passenger at Newark Liberty International Airport for possible Ebola. Port Authority officials said a passenger on board United Flight 998, inbound fro... #Ebola, #HEbola, #NewarkNew York Times  - ?32 minutes ago?Financial ExpressSee realtime coverage Woman has baby after womb transplant in world first Financial Express  - ?1 hour ago? A 36-year-old Swede has become the world\u0027s first woman to give birth after receiving a womb transplant. (Thinkstock). SummaryThe healthy baby boy was born last month at the University of Gothenburg\u0027s hospital. Related Woman » Organ transplants » Infants » Swedish woman is world\u0027s first to give birth after womb transplantThe Globe and Mail Woman gives birth after womb transplantThe Express Tribune Trending on Google+:Womb transplant: first picture of baby born after pioneering operationTelegraph.co.uk In Depth:First baby born to woman with transplanted wombSydney Morning Herald See all 432 sources » Related Woman » Organ transplants » Infants » NBC Bay Area2 hours ago  -  Google+ A woman in Sweden gave birth after receiving a womb transplant. As a medical first, the feat opens up an experimental alternative for thousands of women each year who are unable to have children be…cause they lost a uterus to cancer or were born without one. http://nbcbay.com/F19GLKDFinancial Express  - ?1 hour ago?Today 82° 55° Sun 84° 64° Mon 88° 70° Tue 90° 68°Today YesterdayMLS  CLB 1 1 33:49 1H NEDAL 0 2 45:00 1H VANHOU 0 1 90:25 2H NYTOR 1412476200 LAPOR 1412478000 SJMLB  SF 0 1 Bot 8th WASSTL 1412473020 LADMLS  KC 0-0 Final DCMLB  DET 6-7 Final BALSF 3-2 Final WASSTL 10-9 Final LADKC 4-1 Final LAA -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2014,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":8,"second":4},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
