{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentMitt Romney Considering Another Run for the White HouseUS Issues Travel Warning After Paris Terror AttacksMaryland bishop facing manslaughter charge in custodyNHL  NBA  NHL  NBA  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania »Forbes selects Philly as permanent 30 Under 30 Summit homePhila. firefighters get new contractArden\u0027s \u0027Beauty\u0027 a beast of a different colorEditors\u0027 PicksDoane Academy \u0027out to change the world\u0027 after $17M giftBolaris: Snow again on its way for Friday morning commute, followed by...Bill Cosby jokes about sexual assault allegations facing him at second...Union official: Dougherty expected \u0027night work\u0027 to happenBook chronicles effort to grow crops in KensingtonSpotlight »Streit\u0027s Matzo Factory, a Piece of Lower East Side History, Is Moving OnPippa Middleton\u0027s Official Ski Resort GuideHow Pong and the Odyssey Console Launched the Videogame EraEasy plan to save money in 2015: TODAY\u0027s 52-week savings challengeWhy resentment is growing between Christians and Muslims in MarseilleVoodoo Time MachineOcean Trash: 5.25 Trillion Pieces and Counting, but Big Questions RemainPhoto essay: Remnants of the trillion-dollar war in Afghanistan rust in the desertI Am Not Charlie HebdoCritics Say New Evidence Linking North Korea to the Sony Hack Is Still FlimsySia\u0027s dancer mini-me, Maddie Ziegler, talks \u0027Chandelier,\u0027 \u0027Elastic Heart,\u0027 and ...At Tomas Maier, a Vision of the Closet as ToolboxMost popularFrench Police Kill 3 Gunmen to End Hostage CrisesWoman Gives Birth an Hour After Learning She was Pregnant (VIDEO)Fireworks truck explodes in 150-car pileupJustin Bieber confirms new album, tour for 2015Oregon state senator says his free community college plan, unlike Obama\u0027s, has ...Cops Questioned Dad Hours Before He Allegedly Threw 5-Year-Old Daughter ...Comet set to share the love this weekendBC astronomer gets rare look at binary pulsar before it vanishes for 160 yearsRomney considering 3rd run for White House?Has Social Media Killed Fidel Castro Again?","h2":"Account OptionsTop StoriesFrench forces kill newspaper attack suspects, hostages die in second siegeFor Romney, No Guarantee That the Third Time Would Be the CharmRepublicans aim to deny funding for Obama immigration agendaAl-Qaeda in Yemen says it\u0027s responsible for Paris attackStrong December jobs report caps off best year for jobs growth since 1999SpaceX sets ambitious itinerary for 2015: Can it deliver?World »Witnesses claim 2000 people were killed in a Boko Haram assault that ...Life in jail for controversial cleric Abu HamzaIndia hopes Sri Lankan president will be inclusive at home, independent abroadUPDATE 1-Ministers to discuss Ukraine crisis in Berlin on MondayU.S. »Criminal charges recommended against PetraeusReport: Christie interviewed by feds in bridge scandalDeadly 150-vehicle pileup closes I-94 in west MichiganCommunity colleges could help fix America\u0027s looming skills shortageKansas gun store owner dies after shootout during robbery attemptBusiness »The Last Keystone ExcuseUsers Say TurboTax Deluxe Is Less Deluxe Than It Used to BeBig Banks Look Set to Trim BonusesTechnology »LG Plans to Launch WebOS-powered Smartwatch by Early Next Year3-D \u0027pop-up\u0027 silicon structures: Transforming planar materials into 3-D ...Entertainment »\u0027Taken 3,\u0027 Starring Liam NeesonFormer - And Maybe Future - Presidential Candidate Mike Huckabee Says Jay-Z ...Sports »Grizzlies\u0027 Pursuit Of Celtics\u0027 Green IntensifiesRavens hope for more playoff success at Patriots\u0027 homeWoods will shoot for 9th Torrey winAaron Rodgers gives Packers a familiar toughnessGrapevine: Rob Konrad falls off fishing boatScience »Comet Lovejoy is Here: Watch C/2014 Q2 Now or Miss It for 8000 YearsNASA\u0027s wild plan to bring Martian rocks to EarthHealth »US lab worker possibly exposed to Ebola showing no symptoms-CDCUPDATE 2-Sanofi, Regeneron cholesterol drug also effective in monthly dosesWoman was pregnant and she did not realized it until she gave birth to her babyRecentPhiladelphia, Pennsylvania »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 10 2014 2015 2016 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 10 2014 2015 2016DEC JAN FEB102014 2015 201620,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories ReutersSee realtime coverage French forces kill newspaper attack suspects, hostages die in second siege Reuters  - ?31 minutes ago? PARIS/DAMMARTIN-EN-GOELE, France (Reuters) - Two brothers wanted for a bloody attack on the offices of French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo were killed on Friday when anti-terrorist police stormed their hideout, while a second siege ended with ... Related Paris » Who\u0027s who: The five Paris terror suspectsUSA TODAY Paris Massacre Suspects Killed in Dramatic Hostage RaidsNBCNews.com From France:Relief in Dammartin at outcome of France terror siegeeuronews In Depth:French police end twin standoffs, killing Charlie Hebdo terror suspects and an ...Washington Post Live Updating:France Attack Live: 3rd terrorist killed along with 4 hostages he took in Jewish storeThe Indian Express Wikipedia:Charlie Hebdo shooting See all 23,653 sources » Related Paris » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Mahama Condemns Attacks On French Journalists - President John Mahama has condemned last Wednesday s attack on journalists of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris, France. According to the Pr…esident, the incident is a clear case of an ambush of press freedom. Eight journalists - including the magazine\u0027s editor - died along with two policemen, a maintenance worker and a visitor when masked men armed with assault rifles stormed ... http://ow.ly/2T81Tz Mahama Condemns Attacks On French Journalists ABC News ABC NewsParis Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket Paris Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket - ABC News CNN CNNMayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead Mayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead - CNN ABC News ABC NewsTwo Paris Hostage Situations Linked Two Paris Hostage Situations Linked - ABC News MiamiHerald.com MiamiHerald.com No living in fear: \u0027I Am Charlie\u0027 rallies back free speech Newsweek Newsweek French Satirical Magazine Charlie Hebdo Often Mocked Religion The Economist The Economist The Charlie Hebdo murders NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Paris Suspect Was Quickly \u0027Radicalized\u0027 in 2005, Filmmaker Says Pacific Standard Pacific Standard On the Edge of Something NPR (blog) NPR (blog) France Observes Moment Of Silence For \u0027Charlie Hebdo\u0027 Victims The Independent The Independent Charlie Hebdo: Muslim police officer killed in Paris attack commemorated with ... The Indian Express The Indian Express Charlie Hebdo attack: Paris policewoman killing linked to massacre brothers ... Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Killers Got Wrong Door Before \u0027Decapitating\u0027 Magazine CNN CNN Freedom of the press and the dangers of provocation The Tico Times The Tico Times World leaders express outrage over attack on Paris publication Women\u0027s Wear Daily Women\u0027s Wear Daily Paris Retail Feared at Risk After Attack Daily Mail Daily Mail Charlie Hebdo gunmen were on British no-fly list after link to Al Qaeda Getty Images Getty Images Manhunt For Charlie Hebdo Attackers Continues In Northern France Macleans.ca Macleans.ca Will Charlie Hebdo\u0027s brand of satire endure after the Paris attack? Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Terror Suspects Killed in Twin French Police Raids Getty Images Getty Images French President Francois Hollande Receives Party Leaders And Ministers At ... Fox NewsSee realtime coverage For Romney, No Guarantee That the Third Time Would Be the Charm NBCNews.com  - ?25 minutes ago? Republicans say Mitt Romney would start the GOP race as one of the favorites if he ran for a president for a third time but would face a much bigger challenge to win the nomination than he did in 2012. Related Mitt Romney » Republican Party » 5 reasons every Republican is running for presidentVox Romney reportedly says he\u0027s weighing 2016 White House bidFox News Featured:Mitt Romney tells former campaign donors he is considering a third run for ...Boston Globe Highly Cited:Mitt Romney says hes considering a 2016 runPolitico Opinion:Just In: Reports: Mitt Romney mulling run for presidentBoston Herald See all 238 sources » Related Mitt Romney » Republican Party » NBC Bay Area1 hour ago  -  Google+ MITT 2016? Mitt Romney told donors on Friday he is thinking about making a 2016 presidential run, NBC News confirms--\u003e http://nbcbay.com/bqXNF9M Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Republicans aim to deny funding for Obama immigration agenda Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the House of Representatives will try to block President Barack Obama\u0027s immigration initiatives next week by denying funding for them in a security budget bill, lawmakers said on Friday. New American Congress gavels in this weekYour Houston News See all 4,567 sources » Related: Republican Party » United States Congress » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Al-Qaeda in Yemen says it\u0027s responsible for Paris attack USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? Al-Qaeda\u0027s affiliate in Yemen claimed responsibility on Friday for the terrorist massacre at a Paris satirical weekly, drawing attention to a deadly militant organization that has long harbored international ambitions. Related al-Qaeda » Yemen » Charlie Hebdo terrorist crisis comes to dramatic climax as special forces kill ...Sydney Morning Herald Al-Qaida in Arabian Peninsula directed attack against Charlie Hebdo, claims ...Times of India Highly Cited:The Paris Attacks: What Makes a Killer?Bloomberg Trending on Google+:Al-Qaeda in Yemen claims directing Paris attacks as \u0027revenge\u0027 – reportsRT Opinion:Al-Qaida releases video praising Paris attackJerusalem Post Wikipedia:Charlie Hebdo shooting See all 873 sources » Related al-Qaeda » Yemen » RT10 hours ago  -  Google+ The two suspects behind the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris have been on a US No Fly List ‘for years,’ a US official said. According to different revelations, one of the suspects trained with Al-Qaeda…-linked militants in Yemen. Charlie Hebdo massacre suspects on US No Fly List ‘for years,’ trained with... Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Strong December jobs report caps off best year for jobs growth since 1999 Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? But there are caveats that suggest that the US labor market is far from robust, even this far out from the end of the recession. Among them: Wages are not increasing as fast as they\u0027d be expected to at this point in the labor market cycle. Related United States of America » Job » US unemployment rate falls to 5.6%Financial Times Unemployment rate drops to 5.6% as economy creates 252000 jobsMSNBC Trending on Google+:US Adds 252000 Jobs In December; Unemployment Rate Declines To 5.6%Huffington Post Opinion:America\u0027s Workforce: The Mystery of the “Missing Millions” DeepensThe New Yorker In Depth:Employers do the most hiring since 1999U-T San Diego See all 587 sources » Related United States of America » Job » Wall Street Journal10 hours ago  -  Google+ The U.S. added more jobs last year than any since 1999. The unemployment rate of 5.6% is now at its lowest level since June 2008. U.S. Adds 252,000 Jobs; Unemployment Falls to 5.6% - WSJ Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage SpaceX sets ambitious itinerary for 2015: Can it deliver? Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago? Elon Musk\u0027s Space Exploration Technologies Corp.\u0027s is one of the newest players in the field of space exploration. For now at least, SpaceX appears to be pulling ahead in the private space race. Related SpaceX » International Space Station » SpaceX Tries Again to Launch Station Supplies, Land RocketNew York Times SpaceX Rocket Launch and Recycling Test: What\u0027s at StakeABC News Trending on Google+:Elon Musk Attempts Daring First, Landing a Rocket on a BoatNational Geographic Opinion:SpaceX\u0027s Game-Changing Launch And Landing Test Is Happening On SaturdayBusiness Insider Live Updating:SpaceX Launch Live Stream: Watch The NASA Commercial Resupply Mission ...International Business Times See all 265 sources » Related SpaceX » International Space Station » Universe Today10 hours ago  -  Google+ SpaceX Launch and Historic Landing Attempt Reset to Jan. 10 The oft delayed launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on the CRS-5 cargo resupply mission for NASA to the International Space Station (ISS)… has been reset to Saturday, Jan. 10. Liftoff is currently targeted for 4:47 a.m. EST Saturday, Jan. 10, from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida following a postponement from Friday, Jan. 9. The launch was unexpe... World » The IndependentSee realtime coverage Witnesses claim 2000 people were killed in a Boko Haram assault that ... The Independent  - ?43 minutes ago? Two thousand men, women and children may have died in Boko Haram\u0027s latest blood-letting in Nigeria\u0027s north-east. Those, at least, are the claims. Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » Amnesty: Nigeria massacre deadliest in history of Boko HaramUSA TODAY Boko Haram clash with troops in NE Nigerian city: residentsTimes of India From Nigeria:2, 000 likely killed in Nigeria\u0027s deadliest B\u0027Haram attack – AIThe Punch Trending on Google+:Boko Haram crisis: Nigeria\u0027s Baga town hit by new assaultBBC News In Depth:Hundreds killed by Boko Haram in Nigeria attacksSydney Morning Herald Wikipedia:2015 Baga massacre See all 703 sources » Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Nigerian troops \u0027fighting back against Boko Haram\u0027 - Abuja (AFP) - Nigeria\u0027s government on Friday said that troops had begun a fightback against Boko Haram after the militants captured a k…ey northeastern town and overran a military base last weekend. The Islamists first attacked Baga, in the north of remote Borno state, on Saturday and on Wednesday set fire to the town and razed at least 16 towns and villages nearby. Mike Omeri, who s... BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Life in jail for controversial cleric Abu Hamza BBC News  - ?2 hours ago? Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in New York for supporting terrorism. He was convicted in May of multiple charges, including hostage-taking and plotting to set up a terrorism training camp in the US. Related Abu Hamza al-Masri » Terrorism » British preacher Abu Hamza jailed for life in USChannel News Asia Radical cleric Abu Hamza awarded life imprisonment in USBusiness Standard Opinion:London cleric Abu Hamza sentenced to life in US prisonReuters UK In Depth:Hook-handed terrorist gets life in prisonNew York Post Wikipedia:Abu Hamza al-Masri See all 265 sources » Related Abu Hamza al-Masri » Terrorism » The NationSee realtime coverage India hopes Sri Lankan president will be inclusive at home, independent abroad Times of India  - ?27 minutes ago? Prime minister NarendraModi was the first to congratulate MaithripalaSirisena on Friday. After an early morning phonecall to the winner of the Lankan Presidential polls, he tweeted, \"I spoke to ShriMaithripalaSirisena \u0026 congratulated him. Related Mahinda Rajapaksa » Maithripala Sirisena » Sri Lanka » Defeat of Rajapaksa an opportunity for dialogueThe Hindu Political earthquake sweeps away Sri Lanka\u0027s strongmanThe Times (subscription) In Depth:Did the minorities \u0027fix\u0027 Rajapaksa?Arab News Wikipedia:Sri Lankan presidential election, 2015 See all 162 sources » Related Mahinda Rajapaksa » Maithripala Sirisena » Sri Lanka » Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage UPDATE 1-Ministers to discuss Ukraine crisis in Berlin on Monday Reuters  - ?6 hours ago? ... * Steinmeier urges full implementation of Minsk agreement. * Four Ukrainian soldiers killed in attacks by separatists (Adds Klimkin, Ukraine military spokesman). Germany Warns on \u0027Rocky Path\u0027 to Ukraine Peace as Talks AgreedBusinessweek See all 374 sources » Related: Ukraine » European Union » Russia » Yahoo News1 hour ago  -  Google+ The foreign ministers of France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine will meet in Berlin on Monday to discuss the situation in eastern #Ukraine and the implementation of the Minsk protocol, the German foreign ministr…y said. Ministers to discuss Ukraine crisis in Berlin on Monday More World stories U.S. » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Criminal charges recommended against Petraeus USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - Federal prosecutors are recommending that retired Army Gen. David Petraeus face criminal charges for passing classified information to his former mistress, Paula Broadwell, according to two U.S. Related David Petraeus » US Seeks Criminal Charges Against David Petraeus: New York TimesHuffington Post Prosecutors recommend felony charges against ex-CIA chief PetraeusColumbus Dispatch Highly Cited:Justice prosecutors recommend charges against PetraeusCNN International In Depth:Prosecutors Recommend Gen. Petraeus Face Charges Over Classified InformationWall Street Journal See all 49 sources » Related David Petraeus » The New York Times1 hour ago  -  Google+ Prosecutors Said to Recommend Charges Against Former Gen. David Petraeus  http://nyti.ms/1ATjIAB The F.B.I. and Justice Department prosecutors have recommended bringing felony charges against retired Gen. David H. Petraeu…s for providing classified information to his former mistress while he was director of the C.I.A., officials said, leaving Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to decide whether to seek an indictment that could send the pre-eminent military officer of... Prosecutors Said to Recommend Charges Against Former Gen. David Petraeus -... CNNSee realtime coverage Report: Christie interviewed by feds in bridge scandal CNN  - ?2 hours ago? (CNN) A new report that says Gov. Chris Christie met with FBI agents and federal prosecutors last month has the governor\u0027s camp saying the New Jersey Republican has \"fully\" cooperated \"with all appropriate inquiries\" related to the George Washington ... Related Chris Christie » Port Authority of New York and New Jersey » New Jersey » Feds question Chris Christie about bridge scandalUSA TODAY Gov. Chris Christie met with feds on BridgegatePolitico Highly Cited:EXCLUSIVE: Chris Christie Was Interrogated By Feds Over Bridge ScandalABC News Opinion:Christie interviewed by federal prosecutorsMSNBC See all 219 sources » Related Chris Christie » Port Authority of New York and New Jersey » New Jersey » Detroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Deadly 150-vehicle pileup closes I-94 in west Michigan Detroit Free Press  - ?22 minutes ago? Roughly 150 vehicles careened into a fatal pileup along a snowy I-94 between Battle Creek and Galesburg Friday morning, causiing fires on trucks carrying fireworks and acid and closing the freeway. Related Michigan » At least 1 dead in 123-vehicle pileup along snowy Michigan highwayFox News Police: 1 dead after 123 vehicles crash on I-94 in MichiganChicago Tribune See all 372 sources » Related Michigan » FOX433 hours ago  -  Google+ Video taken at the site of a deadly 90-vehicle pileup on a snow-covered highway in Michigan Friday captured a fireworks truck exploding. People living within a 1-mile radius of the crash on Intersta…te 94 in Kalamazoo County were asked to take shelter as a precaution because another semi-truck carrying hazardous material was also involved in the wreck. Emergency crews on the scene confirmed that at least one person was killed in the crash: http://go.fox43.com/1BWjt5Y CNNSee realtime coverage Community colleges could help fix America\u0027s looming skills shortage Washington Post  - ?32 minutes ago? One way to look at President Obama\u0027s proposal for tuition-free community college is that it\u0027s a belated attempt to keep the nation from tumbling into the chasm between the workers it has and the workers it will need. Related Colleges » Oregon state senator says his free community college plan, unlike Obama\u0027s, has ...OregonLive.com Obama Plan Would Make 2 Years of College Free to AllVoice of America Opinion:Two years of free community college makes senseCNN In Depth:Does free community college work?CNNMoney See all 1,315 sources » Related Colleges » NPR Politics7 hours ago  -  Google+ President Obama is in Tennessee previewing some of the big issues he\u0027ll talk about in his State of the Union address later this month. Today, he\u0027ll speak in Knoxville, focusing on education an…d an idea that is gathering steam in some states: making community college tuition-free. In the emerging debate over this idea, there are skeptics and there are true believers. \"This is a fundamental systematic change. It\u0027s bold and exactl... Obama In Tennessee To Promote Free Community College MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Kansas gun store owner dies after shootout during robbery attempt Reuters  - ?21 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuters) - The owner of a gun store died on Friday in a shootout with four men who were attempting to rob the business in Shawnee, Kansas, a suburb of Kansas City, Missouri, police said. Related Kansas » 1 killed during attempted robbery at Kansas City-area gun storeWashington Post Four Shot in Robbery Attempt at Kansas Gun ShopNBCNews.com See all 178 sources » Related Kansas » More U.S. stories Business » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage The Last Keystone Excuse Wall Street Journal  - ?58 minutes ago? For six years President Obama has used one pretext after another to avoid approving the Keystone XL pipeline. Now the Nebraska Supreme Court has blown up his last excuse, and the President owes it to the country to either say yes or to come clean about ... Keystone pipeline bill passes House, unanimous support from AR RepsKATV See all 3,884 sources » Roll Call5 hours ago  -  Google+ 28 House Democrats Defy Obama, Join GOP to Pass Keystone -   Cooper and 27 other Democrats joined the GOP on Keystone. (Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call File Photo) Defying President Barack Obama, 28 House Dem…ocrats joined Republicans Friday to help pass legislation to jump-start the long-stalled Keystone XL pipeline project. The defections are another indication that moderate Democrats, frustrated with midterm losses and weary of defending an unpopular p... Moderates Democrats Defy Obama, Pelosi, Join GOP to Pass Keystone USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Users Say TurboTax Deluxe Is Less Deluxe Than It Used to Be New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? TAXPAYERS buying commercial software to prepare and electronically file their 2014 income tax returns should double-check that the version they are purchasing fits their needs. Related TurboTax » Taxes » TurboTax Kicks Off Tax Filing Season, Extends Free Filing To StatessocalTech.com TurboTax has bad news for investorsUSA TODAY In Depth:Tax Software Wars Heat Up As TurboTax Makes A ChangeForbes See all 37 sources » Related TurboTax » Taxes » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Big Banks Look Set to Trim Bonuses Wall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago? Wall Street traders are expected to take a hit in the wallet from a weak December. Getty Images. By. Justin Baer and. Justin Baer. Related Citigroup » Citigroup makes last-minute cut in year-end bonuses for tradersReuters Citigroup slashes bonus pool for fixed-income, equities tradersMarketWatch Opinion:Citigroup Just Gave Us Our First Hint At How Wall Street Trader Bonuses Will Go ...Business Insider See all 21 sources » Related Citigroup » More Business stories Technology » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage LG Plans to Launch WebOS-powered Smartwatch by Early Next Year Wall Street Journal  - ?Jan 7, 2015? LG Electronic\u0027s G Watch R smartwatch displayed at the 2015 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. The South Korean company plans to launch a new smartwatch powered by its WebOS platform. Related webOS » LG Corp » LG Electronics » CES 2015 Wearables RoundupNDTV ?LG snubs 2014 TV owners on webOS upgradeZDNet Trending on Google+:Here are Audi\u0027s Open webOS and Android Wear watches in actionSlashGear Opinion:LG\u0027s new smartwatch runs webOS, not Android WearPCWorld In Depth:LG May Be Dropping Google\u0027s Android For Its Next Generation Of SmartwatchesForbes See all 109 sources » Related webOS » LG Corp » LG Electronics » The Linux Foundation3 hours ago  -  Google+ Linux shined at #ces2015  this week with smart TVs from LG, Samsung and Panasonic and home automation gizmos, including the + AllSeen Alliance  -compatible D-Link Connected Home Hub. Eric Brown has your download on Linux.…com.  http://www.linux.com/news/embedded-mobile/mobile-linux/801307-linux-shines-at-ces-with-smart-tvs-and-home-automation-gizmos  Fox NewsSee realtime coverage 3-D \u0027pop-up\u0027 silicon structures: Transforming planar materials into 3-D ... West Valley News  - ?5 hours ago? In the cover function report of the journal, Science, researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign describe a distinctive procedure for geometrically transforming two dimensional (2D) micro/nanostructures into extended 3D layouts by exploiting. Related Silicon » 3-D POP-UP Silicon Structures: 3-D Microarchitectures Acquired by ...Full-Time Whistle \u0027Pop-Up\u0027 3D Structures Can Mimic Brain CircuitsYahoo News UK See all 19 sources » Related Silicon » More Technology stories Entertainment » VibeSee realtime coverage \u0027Taken 3,\u0027 Starring Liam Neeson New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? After “Non-Stop,” “Unknown” and three installments of the “Taken” thrillers, I\u0027m not sure that Liam Neeson\u0027s signature avengers are actually good people to know. Related Liam Neeson » Taken 3 » Taken » Taken 3Entertainment Weekly \u0027Taken 3\u0027: movie reviewNew York Daily News Opinion:Liam Neeson Reportedly Earned 20 Times More For \u0027Taken 3\u0027 Than The Original ...Business Insider In Depth:Review: \u0027Taken 3\u0027 Starring Liam Neeson, Forest Whitaker, Maggie Grace, Famke ...Indie Wire (blog) See all 364 sources » Related Liam Neeson » Taken 3 » Taken » Toronto Star3 hours ago  -  Google+ In Taken 3, Liam Neeson careers around Los Angeles, vainly trying to maintain velocity in an action-thriller franchise that was already wheezing to a halt with Taken 2, writes Peter Howell. Taken 3 should be called Mistaken 3: review | Toronto Star People MagazineSee realtime coverage Former - And Maybe Future - Presidential Candidate Mike Huckabee Says Jay-Z ... People Magazine  - ?27 minutes ago? It\u0027s probably a safe bet that, if Mike Huckabee runs once more for president, neither Jay Z nor Beyoncé will be on the campaign rally playlist. Related Mike Huckabee » Mike Huckabee\u0027s stupid, racist attack on Beyoncé and Jay-ZWashington Post Mick Huckabee Calls Beyonce a “Sex Object” \u0026 Jay Z a “Pimp,” You GuysBustle See all 63 sources » Related Mike Huckabee » More Entertainment stories Sports » ESPNSee realtime coverage Grizzlies\u0027 Pursuit Of Celtics\u0027 Green Intensifies ESPN  - ?38 minutes ago? Chris Forsberg discusses the likelihood that the Celtics and Grizzlies will be able to finalize a deal that would send forward Jeff Green to Memphis. Related Boston Celtics » Jeff Green » Brandan Wright » Celtics pull Jeff Green from lineup amid trade rumorsWashington Post Sources: Grizzlies nearing trade to acquire Jeff GreenYahoo Sports Opinion:Brandan Wright to Suns: Latest Trade Details, Comments and ReactionBleacher Report In Depth:Jeff Green about to be traded to Grizzlies, according to reportSB Nation See all 127 sources » Related Boston Celtics » Jeff Green » Brandan Wright » WEEI37 minutes ago  -  Google+ The Boston Celtics\u0027 busy night continues... They are reportedly finalizing a deal that would send Jeff Green to Memphis in exchange for Tayshaun Prince\u0027s expiring contract and a protected firs…t-round pick. Report: Celtics finalizing Jeff Green trade to Grizzlies MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Ravens hope for more playoff success at Patriots\u0027 home Washington Post  - ?23 minutes ago? FOXBOROUGH, Mass. - The temperature drops, friendly fans roar and the Patriots pile up victories. New England has the best home record in the NFL in Bill Belichick\u0027s 15 seasons as coach, playoffs included. Related New England Patriots » Baltimore Ravens » Ravens at home on the road, with Patriots nextTampabay.com Hard work fun for Ravens\u0027 Terrell SuggsSan Francisco Chronicle Opinion:Football Meteorology For Divisional RoundRealGM.com In Depth:Chirp Chirp: What Ravens Fans are Saying about the PatriotsBoston.com See all 1,246 sources » Related New England Patriots » Baltimore Ravens » U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Woods will shoot for 9th Torrey win U-T San Diego  - ?23 minutes ago? Day 1 of Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines- SOUTH COURSE, Tiger Woods shoots from a fairway sand trap on hole 6. - Charlie Neuman. Related Tiger Woods » Phoenix Open » Bordow: How will Tiger handle the Phoenix Open circus?azcentral.com Tiger to Start His 2015 Season at Phoenix OpenCybergolf National In Depth:Woods, Super Bowl Align Phoenix Open for PGA Tour HistoryBloomberg See all 164 sources » Related Tiger Woods » Phoenix Open » SportsBlog.com57 minutes ago  -  Google+ Tiger Woods announced he\u0027s going to play in both the Phoenix Open \u0026 the Farmers Insurance Open. Will he win? http://bit.ly/1ATpGBt Sports Talk :: Woods Ready For The 2015 Season USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Aaron Rodgers gives Packers a familiar toughness USA TODAY  - ?38 minutes ago? GREEN BAY, Wis. - Nowhere else in the NFL is a quarterback\u0027s toughness held to the standard it is here, in the city where Brett Favre redefined what it means to be an ironman. Related Green Bay Packers » Aaron Rodgers » Packers coach says Rodgers ready for CowboysReuters Mike McCarthy: Eddie Lacy \u0027fresh\u0027 for Packers offenseNFL.com In Depth:Green Bay Packers unbeaten at home; Dallas Cowboys 8-0 on roadFOXSports.com See all 1,947 sources » Related Green Bay Packers » Aaron Rodgers » The Detroit NewsSee realtime coverage Grapevine: Rob Konrad falls off fishing boat The Detroit News  - ?21 minutes ago? People.com reports that former Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad, 38, fell off a fishing boat in the waters of Florida, forcing him to swim 9 miles overnight to shore, according to numerous reports. Related Rob Konrad » Miami Dolphins » Coast Guard: Former Miami Dolphin Rob Konrad falls off fishing boat, swims for ...Naples Daily News Former Dolphin Konrad weak but OK after long swim to shoreBellingham Herald Wikipedia:Rob Konrad See all 230 sources » Related Rob Konrad » Miami Dolphins » More Sports stories Science » Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Comet Lovejoy is Here: Watch C/2014 Q2 Now or Miss It for 8000 Years Tech Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Comet Lovejoy is visible now in night skies. Here is how to find this visitor from the outer depths of our solar system. (Photo : Flickr / Steve Elliott). Related Terry Lovejoy » Watched Comet Lovejoy with your naked eyes these next ten daysSMN Weekly Comet Lovejoy should be visible to the naked eye for 10 daysDaily Record-News Trending on Google+:Lovejoy Comet: How to See It With the Naked EyeABC News In Depth:Comet Lovejoy In Closest Approach To Earth: How To See C/2014 Q2International Business Times See all 74 sources » Related Terry Lovejoy » ComputerworldSee realtime coverage NASA\u0027s wild plan to bring Martian rocks to Earth Computerworld  - ?5 hours ago? NASA has a wild idea for a mission that will require a robotic tag-team effort, a rocket lifting off from the surface of Mars and a spacecraft that will scoop up Martian rocks orbiting the Red Planet. Related NASA » Rover Opportunity Conquers Martian Crater RimDiscovery News Aging Opportunity rover reaches a new summitNational Monitor See all 123 sources » Related NASA » Universe Today8 hours ago  -  Google+ Memory-Addled Mars Rover Climbs High Above The Red Planet’s Plain As the Opportunity rover struggles with ongoing problems to its Flash memory, the plucky Martian machine — almost at its 11th annive…rsary of operations on the Red Planet — has reached the summit of a crater rim, providing spectacular views of the area below. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is readying a fix to the rover’s memory, which is required to store images overnight while t... More Science stories Health » CNNSee realtime coverage US lab worker possibly exposed to Ebola showing no symptoms-CDC Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? CHICAGO Jan 9 (Reuters) - A scientist who may have accidentally been exposed to the deadly Ebola virus last month while working in a lab at the U.S. Related Influenza » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Amid widespread flu, CDC calls for more antiviral useCIDRAP CDC urges widespread use of antiviral drugs to combat fluCBS News In Depth:Flu Season Bad and May Get WorseWebMD See all 215 sources » Related Influenza » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Business RecorderSee realtime coverage UPDATE 2-Sanofi, Regeneron cholesterol drug also effective in monthly doses Reuters  - ?8 hours ago? (Adds analyst comment in paragraph 5; updates shares). Jan 9 (Reuters) - An experimental drug from Sanofi SA and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals was found to be effective in lowering \"bad\" cholesterol even when administered once every four weeks, instead ... Related Regeneron » Sanofi » Cholesterol » Regeneron and Sanofi Report Positive Results With Alirocumab TrialsDiabetes Insider Regeneron, Sanofi: Positive Results in Hypercholesterolemia TrialsDrug Discovery \u0026 Development Highly Cited:Pharmaceutical groups Sanofi, Regeneron announce positive trials of ...Economic Times In Depth:Regeneron and Sanofi Announce Positive Topline Results from First Phase 3 ...Businessweek See all 32 sources » Related Regeneron » Sanofi » Cholesterol » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Woman was pregnant and she did not realized it until she gave birth to her baby SMN Weekly  - ?57 minutes ago? 3 For some reasons, a 23 year old woman said she did not know that she was pregnant until an hour before giving birth. Katherine Kropas gave birth to a 10-pound baby after reporting intense back pain. Related Pregnancy » Woman » Childbirth » Massachusetts Woman Didn\u0027t Know She Was PregnantScience World Report Weymouth woman gives birth to 10-lb baby girl one hour after learning she was ...The Cubic Lane Highly Cited:Mom has baby an hour after learning she\u0027s pregnantUSA TODAY Trending on Google+:Woman Gives Birth An Hour After Learning She\u0027s PregnantABC News In Depth:Woman Learns She\u0027s Pregnant, Gives Birth To 10-Pound Baby 1 Hour LaterHuffington Post See all 131 sources » Related Pregnancy » Woman » Childbirth » Trove2 hours ago  -  Google+ Woman gives birth to 10-pound baby just an hour after discovering she’s pregnant “I thought I had put on some Christmas season weight, but I never thought I was pregnant. Never,” said Katherine Krop…as. The 23-year-old was on birth control and had a menstrual cycle.  Kropas said she generally felt fine during her pregnancy, except for the intense stomach and back pain she felt the day she went to the hospital. Just one hour later, her daughter ... More Health stories Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Mitt Romney Considering Another Run for the White House NBCNews.com - 5 minutes ago US Issues Travel Warning After Paris Terror Attacks NBCNews.com - 13 minutes ago Maryland bishop facing manslaughter charge in custody Chron.com - 17 minutes ago Weather for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Today 37° 12° Sat 21° 14° Sun 34° 32° Mon 39° 25° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. NHL   CLS 1 1 11:30 1P TOR BUF 0 1 10:45 1P TB NYI 0 0 0:00 1P NJ FLA 1420855200 CGY CHI 1420857000 EDM NBA   ATL 18 10 4:12 1Q DET PHI 15 22 4:34 1Q BKN BOS 35 42 2:48 2Q IND MEM 1420851600 NO CHI 1420851600 WAS UTA 1420851600 OKC MIN 1420853400 MIL PHO 1420853400 SA DEN 1420858800 SAC CLE 1420860600 GS ORL 1420860600 LAL live match NHL   NJ 0-3 Final BOS WAS 2-3 Final PHI BUF 2-5 Final CAR CHI 4-2 Final MIN DAL 2-3 Final NSH SJ 2-7 Final STL OTT 2-5 Final COL WPG 1-4 Final ARI FLA 3-1 Final VAN NYR 4-3 Final LA NBA   CHA 103-95 Final TOR HOU 120-96 Final NY MIA 83-99 Final POR Philadelphia, Pennsylvania » Forbes selects Philly as permanent 30 Under 30 Summit home Philly.com - Jan 5, 2015 Phila. firefighters get new contract Philly.com - 3 hours ago Arden\u0027s \u0027Beauty\u0027 a beast of a different color Philly.com - 16 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks Doane Academy \u0027out to change the world\u0027 after $17M gift Philly Staff Bolaris: Snow again on its way for Friday morning commute, followed by... Philly Staff Bill Cosby jokes about sexual assault allegations facing him at second... Philly Staff Union official: Dougherty expected \u0027night work\u0027 to happen Philly Staff Book chronicles effort to grow crops in Kensington Philly Staff Learn more Spotlight » Streit\u0027s Matzo Factory, a Piece of Lower East Side History, Is Moving On New York Times - Jan 6, 2015 Pippa Middleton\u0027s Official Ski Resort Guide Vanity Fair - Jan 7, 2015 How Pong and the Odyssey Console Launched the Videogame Era Wired - 13 hours ago Easy plan to save money in 2015: TODAY\u0027s 52-week savings challenge Today.com - Jan 5, 2015 Why resentment is growing between Christians and Muslims in Marseille PBS NewsHour - 21 hours ago Voodoo Time Machine New York Times - Jan 8, 2015 Ocean Trash: 5.25 Trillion Pieces and Counting, but Big Questions Remain National Geographic - 7 hours ago Photo essay: Remnants of the trillion-dollar war in Afghanistan rust in the desert PBS NewsHour - 52 minutes ago I Am Not Charlie Hebdo New York Times - 22 hours ago Critics Say New Evidence Linking North Korea to the Sony Hack Is Still Flimsy Wired - Jan 8, 2015 Sia\u0027s dancer mini-me, Maddie Ziegler, talks \u0027Chandelier,\u0027 \u0027Elastic Heart,\u0027 and ... Entertainment Weekly - 6 hours ago At Tomas Maier, a Vision of the Closet as Toolbox New York Times - Jan 7, 2015 Most popular French Police Kill 3 Gunmen to End Hostage Crises Voice of America - 2 hours ago Woman Gives Birth an Hour After Learning She was Pregnant (VIDEO) People Magazine - 11 minutes ago Fireworks truck explodes in 150-car pileup Stuff.co.nz - 14 minutes ago Justin Bieber confirms new album, tour for 2015 New York Daily News - 21 minutes ago Oregon state senator says his free community college plan, unlike Obama\u0027s, has ... OregonLive.com - 16 minutes ago Cops Questioned Dad Hours Before He Allegedly Threw 5-Year-Old Daughter ... People Magazine - 31 minutes ago Comet set to share the love this weekend The Age - 2 hours ago BC astronomer gets rare look at binary pulsar before it vanishes for 160 years Vancouver Sun - 3 hours ago Romney considering 3rd run for White House? MiamiHerald.com - 11 minutes ago Has Social Media Killed Fidel Castro Again? Daily Beast - 21 minutes agoReutersSee realtime coverage French forces kill newspaper attack suspects, hostages die in second siege Reuters  - ?31 minutes ago? PARIS/DAMMARTIN-EN-GOELE, France (Reuters) - Two brothers wanted for a bloody attack on the offices of French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo were killed on Friday when anti-terrorist police stormed their hideout, while a second siege ended with ... Related Paris » Who\u0027s who: The five Paris terror suspectsUSA TODAY Paris Massacre Suspects Killed in Dramatic Hostage RaidsNBCNews.com From France:Relief in Dammartin at outcome of France terror siegeeuronews In Depth:French police end twin standoffs, killing Charlie Hebdo terror suspects and an ...Washington Post Live Updating:France Attack Live: 3rd terrorist killed along with 4 hostages he took in Jewish storeThe Indian Express Wikipedia:Charlie Hebdo shooting See all 23,653 sources » Related Paris » ModernGhana.com5 hours ago  -  Google+ Mahama Condemns Attacks On French Journalists - President John Mahama has condemned last Wednesday s attack on journalists of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris, France. According to the Pr…esident, the incident is a clear case of an ambush of press freedom. Eight journalists - including the magazine\u0027s editor - died along with two policemen, a maintenance worker and a visitor when masked men armed with assault rifles stormed ... http://ow.ly/2T81Tz Mahama Condemns Attacks On French Journalists ABC News ABC NewsParis Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket Paris Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket - ABC News CNN CNNMayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead Mayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead - CNN ABC News ABC NewsTwo Paris Hostage Situations Linked Two Paris Hostage Situations Linked - ABC News MiamiHerald.com MiamiHerald.com No living in fear: \u0027I Am Charlie\u0027 rallies back free speech Newsweek Newsweek French Satirical Magazine Charlie Hebdo Often Mocked Religion The Economist The Economist The Charlie Hebdo murders NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Paris Suspect Was Quickly \u0027Radicalized\u0027 in 2005, Filmmaker Says Pacific Standard Pacific Standard On the Edge of Something NPR (blog) NPR (blog) France Observes Moment Of Silence For \u0027Charlie Hebdo\u0027 Victims The Independent The Independent Charlie Hebdo: Muslim police officer killed in Paris attack commemorated with ... The Indian Express The Indian Express Charlie Hebdo attack: Paris policewoman killing linked to massacre brothers ... Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Killers Got Wrong Door Before \u0027Decapitating\u0027 Magazine CNN CNN Freedom of the press and the dangers of provocation The Tico Times The Tico Times World leaders express outrage over attack on Paris publication Women\u0027s Wear Daily Women\u0027s Wear Daily Paris Retail Feared at Risk After Attack Daily Mail Daily Mail Charlie Hebdo gunmen were on British no-fly list after link to Al Qaeda Getty Images Getty Images Manhunt For Charlie Hebdo Attackers Continues In Northern France Macleans.ca Macleans.ca Will Charlie Hebdo\u0027s brand of satire endure after the Paris attack? Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Terror Suspects Killed in Twin French Police Raids Getty Images Getty Images French President Francois Hollande Receives Party Leaders And Ministers At ...Reuters  - ?31 minutes ago?ABC News ABC NewsParis Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket Paris Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket - ABC News CNN CNNMayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead Mayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead - CNN ABC News ABC NewsTwo Paris Hostage Situations Linked Two Paris Hostage Situations Linked - ABC News MiamiHerald.com MiamiHerald.com No living in fear: \u0027I Am Charlie\u0027 rallies back free speech Newsweek Newsweek French Satirical Magazine Charlie Hebdo Often Mocked Religion The Economist The Economist The Charlie Hebdo murders NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Paris Suspect Was Quickly \u0027Radicalized\u0027 in 2005, Filmmaker Says Pacific Standard Pacific Standard On the Edge of Something NPR (blog) NPR (blog) France Observes Moment Of Silence For \u0027Charlie Hebdo\u0027 Victims The Independent The Independent Charlie Hebdo: Muslim police officer killed in Paris attack commemorated with ... The Indian Express The Indian Express Charlie Hebdo attack: Paris policewoman killing linked to massacre brothers ... Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Killers Got Wrong Door Before \u0027Decapitating\u0027 Magazine CNN CNN Freedom of the press and the dangers of provocation The Tico Times The Tico Times World leaders express outrage over attack on Paris publication Women\u0027s Wear Daily Women\u0027s Wear Daily Paris Retail Feared at Risk After Attack Daily Mail Daily Mail Charlie Hebdo gunmen were on British no-fly list after link to Al Qaeda Getty Images Getty Images Manhunt For Charlie Hebdo Attackers Continues In Northern France Macleans.ca Macleans.ca Will Charlie Hebdo\u0027s brand of satire endure after the Paris attack? Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Terror Suspects Killed in Twin French Police Raids Getty Images Getty Images French President Francois Hollande Receives Party Leaders And Ministers At ...ABC News ABC NewsParis Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket Paris Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket - ABC News CNN CNNMayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead Mayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead - CNN ABC News ABC NewsTwo Paris Hostage Situations Linked Two Paris Hostage Situations Linked - ABC News MiamiHerald.com MiamiHerald.com No living in fear: \u0027I Am Charlie\u0027 rallies back free speech Newsweek Newsweek French Satirical Magazine Charlie Hebdo Often Mocked Religion The Economist The Economist The Charlie Hebdo murders NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Paris Suspect Was Quickly \u0027Radicalized\u0027 in 2005, Filmmaker Says Pacific Standard Pacific Standard On the Edge of Something NPR (blog) NPR (blog) France Observes Moment Of Silence For \u0027Charlie Hebdo\u0027 Victims The Independent The Independent Charlie Hebdo: Muslim police officer killed in Paris attack commemorated with ... The Indian Express The Indian Express Charlie Hebdo attack: Paris policewoman killing linked to massacre brothers ... Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Killers Got Wrong Door Before \u0027Decapitating\u0027 Magazine CNN CNN Freedom of the press and the dangers of provocation The Tico Times The Tico Times World leaders express outrage over attack on Paris publication Women\u0027s Wear Daily Women\u0027s Wear Daily Paris Retail Feared at Risk After Attack Daily Mail Daily Mail Charlie Hebdo gunmen were on British no-fly list after link to Al Qaeda Getty Images Getty Images Manhunt For Charlie Hebdo Attackers Continues In Northern France Macleans.ca Macleans.ca Will Charlie Hebdo\u0027s brand of satire endure after the Paris attack? Bloomberg Bloomberg Paris Terror Suspects Killed in Twin French Police Raids Getty Images Getty Images French President Francois Hollande Receives Party Leaders And Ministers At ...Paris Hostage Raid Video: Watch the Moment Police Storm Paris Supermarket - ABC NewsMayor: Charlie Hebdo terror suspects dead - CNNTwo Paris Hostage Situations Linked - ABC NewsFox NewsSee realtime coverage For Romney, No Guarantee That the Third Time Would Be the Charm NBCNews.com  - ?25 minutes ago? Republicans say Mitt Romney would start the GOP race as one of the favorites if he ran for a president for a third time but would face a much bigger challenge to win the nomination than he did in 2012. Related Mitt Romney » Republican Party » 5 reasons every Republican is running for presidentVox Romney reportedly says he\u0027s weighing 2016 White House bidFox News Featured:Mitt Romney tells former campaign donors he is considering a third run for ...Boston Globe Highly Cited:Mitt Romney says hes considering a 2016 runPolitico Opinion:Just In: Reports: Mitt Romney mulling run for presidentBoston Herald See all 238 sources » Related Mitt Romney » Republican Party » NBC Bay Area1 hour ago  -  Google+ MITT 2016? Mitt Romney told donors on Friday he is thinking about making a 2016 presidential run, NBC News confirms--\u003e http://nbcbay.com/bqXNF9MNBCNews.com  - ?25 minutes ago?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage Republicans aim to deny funding for Obama immigration agenda Reuters  - ?3 hours ago? WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the House of Representatives will try to block President Barack Obama\u0027s immigration initiatives next week by denying funding for them in a security budget bill, lawmakers said on Friday. New American Congress gavels in this weekYour Houston News See all 4,567 sources » Related: Republican Party » United States Congress »Reuters  - ?3 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Al-Qaeda in Yemen says it\u0027s responsible for Paris attack USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? Al-Qaeda\u0027s affiliate in Yemen claimed responsibility on Friday for the terrorist massacre at a Paris satirical weekly, drawing attention to a deadly militant organization that has long harbored international ambitions. Related al-Qaeda » Yemen » Charlie Hebdo terrorist crisis comes to dramatic climax as special forces kill ...Sydney Morning Herald Al-Qaida in Arabian Peninsula directed attack against Charlie Hebdo, claims ...Times of India Highly Cited:The Paris Attacks: What Makes a Killer?Bloomberg Trending on Google+:Al-Qaeda in Yemen claims directing Paris attacks as \u0027revenge\u0027 – reportsRT Opinion:Al-Qaida releases video praising Paris attackJerusalem Post Wikipedia:Charlie Hebdo shooting See all 873 sources » Related al-Qaeda » Yemen » RT10 hours ago  -  Google+ The two suspects behind the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris have been on a US No Fly List ‘for years,’ a US official said. According to different revelations, one of the suspects trained with Al-Qaeda…-linked militants in Yemen. Charlie Hebdo massacre suspects on US No Fly List ‘for years,’ trained with...USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Strong December jobs report caps off best year for jobs growth since 1999 Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? But there are caveats that suggest that the US labor market is far from robust, even this far out from the end of the recession. Among them: Wages are not increasing as fast as they\u0027d be expected to at this point in the labor market cycle. Related United States of America » Job » US unemployment rate falls to 5.6%Financial Times Unemployment rate drops to 5.6% as economy creates 252000 jobsMSNBC Trending on Google+:US Adds 252000 Jobs In December; Unemployment Rate Declines To 5.6%Huffington Post Opinion:America\u0027s Workforce: The Mystery of the “Missing Millions” DeepensThe New Yorker In Depth:Employers do the most hiring since 1999U-T San Diego See all 587 sources » Related United States of America » Job » Wall Street Journal10 hours ago  -  Google+ The U.S. added more jobs last year than any since 1999. The unemployment rate of 5.6% is now at its lowest level since June 2008. U.S. Adds 252,000 Jobs; Unemployment Falls to 5.6% - WSJChristian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage SpaceX sets ambitious itinerary for 2015: Can it deliver? Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago? Elon Musk\u0027s Space Exploration Technologies Corp.\u0027s is one of the newest players in the field of space exploration. For now at least, SpaceX appears to be pulling ahead in the private space race. Related SpaceX » International Space Station » SpaceX Tries Again to Launch Station Supplies, Land RocketNew York Times SpaceX Rocket Launch and Recycling Test: What\u0027s at StakeABC News Trending on Google+:Elon Musk Attempts Daring First, Landing a Rocket on a BoatNational Geographic Opinion:SpaceX\u0027s Game-Changing Launch And Landing Test Is Happening On SaturdayBusiness Insider Live Updating:SpaceX Launch Live Stream: Watch The NASA Commercial Resupply Mission ...International Business Times See all 265 sources » Related SpaceX » International Space Station » Universe Today10 hours ago  -  Google+ SpaceX Launch and Historic Landing Attempt Reset to Jan. 10 The oft delayed launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on the CRS-5 cargo resupply mission for NASA to the International Space Station (ISS)… has been reset to Saturday, Jan. 10. Liftoff is currently targeted for 4:47 a.m. EST Saturday, Jan. 10, from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida following a postponement from Friday, Jan. 9. The launch was unexpe...Christian Science Monitor  - ?2 hours ago?The IndependentSee realtime coverage Witnesses claim 2000 people were killed in a Boko Haram assault that ... The Independent  - ?43 minutes ago? Two thousand men, women and children may have died in Boko Haram\u0027s latest blood-letting in Nigeria\u0027s north-east. Those, at least, are the claims. Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » Amnesty: Nigeria massacre deadliest in history of Boko HaramUSA TODAY Boko Haram clash with troops in NE Nigerian city: residentsTimes of India From Nigeria:2, 000 likely killed in Nigeria\u0027s deadliest B\u0027Haram attack – AIThe Punch Trending on Google+:Boko Haram crisis: Nigeria\u0027s Baga town hit by new assaultBBC News In Depth:Hundreds killed by Boko Haram in Nigeria attacksSydney Morning Herald Wikipedia:2015 Baga massacre See all 703 sources » Related Boko Haram » Nigeria » ModernGhana.com3 hours ago  -  Google+ Nigerian troops \u0027fighting back against Boko Haram\u0027 - Abuja (AFP) - Nigeria\u0027s government on Friday said that troops had begun a fightback against Boko Haram after the militants captured a k…ey northeastern town and overran a military base last weekend. The Islamists first attacked Baga, in the north of remote Borno state, on Saturday and on Wednesday set fire to the town and razed at least 16 towns and villages nearby. Mike Omeri, who s...The Independent  - ?43 minutes ago?BBC NewsSee realtime coverage Life in jail for controversial cleric Abu Hamza BBC News  - ?2 hours ago? Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in New York for supporting terrorism. He was convicted in May of multiple charges, including hostage-taking and plotting to set up a terrorism training camp in the US. Related Abu Hamza al-Masri » Terrorism » British preacher Abu Hamza jailed for life in USChannel News Asia Radical cleric Abu Hamza awarded life imprisonment in USBusiness Standard Opinion:London cleric Abu Hamza sentenced to life in US prisonReuters UK In Depth:Hook-handed terrorist gets life in prisonNew York Post Wikipedia:Abu Hamza al-Masri See all 265 sources » Related Abu Hamza al-Masri » Terrorism »BBC News  - ?2 hours ago?The NationSee realtime coverage India hopes Sri Lankan president will be inclusive at home, independent abroad Times of India  - ?27 minutes ago? Prime minister NarendraModi was the first to congratulate MaithripalaSirisena on Friday. After an early morning phonecall to the winner of the Lankan Presidential polls, he tweeted, \"I spoke to ShriMaithripalaSirisena \u0026 congratulated him. Related Mahinda Rajapaksa » Maithripala Sirisena » Sri Lanka » Defeat of Rajapaksa an opportunity for dialogueThe Hindu Political earthquake sweeps away Sri Lanka\u0027s strongmanThe Times (subscription) In Depth:Did the minorities \u0027fix\u0027 Rajapaksa?Arab News Wikipedia:Sri Lankan presidential election, 2015 See all 162 sources » Related Mahinda Rajapaksa » Maithripala Sirisena » Sri Lanka »Times of India  - ?27 minutes ago?Sydney Morning HeraldSee realtime coverage UPDATE 1-Ministers to discuss Ukraine crisis in Berlin on Monday Reuters  - ?6 hours ago? ... * Steinmeier urges full implementation of Minsk agreement. * Four Ukrainian soldiers killed in attacks by separatists (Adds Klimkin, Ukraine military spokesman). Germany Warns on \u0027Rocky Path\u0027 to Ukraine Peace as Talks AgreedBusinessweek See all 374 sources » Related: Ukraine » European Union » Russia » Yahoo News1 hour ago  -  Google+ The foreign ministers of France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine will meet in Berlin on Monday to discuss the situation in eastern #Ukraine and the implementation of the Minsk protocol, the German foreign ministr…y said. Ministers to discuss Ukraine crisis in Berlin on MondayReuters  - ?6 hours ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Criminal charges recommended against Petraeus USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - Federal prosecutors are recommending that retired Army Gen. David Petraeus face criminal charges for passing classified information to his former mistress, Paula Broadwell, according to two U.S. Related David Petraeus » US Seeks Criminal Charges Against David Petraeus: New York TimesHuffington Post Prosecutors recommend felony charges against ex-CIA chief PetraeusColumbus Dispatch Highly Cited:Justice prosecutors recommend charges against PetraeusCNN International In Depth:Prosecutors Recommend Gen. Petraeus Face Charges Over Classified InformationWall Street Journal See all 49 sources » Related David Petraeus » The New York Times1 hour ago  -  Google+ Prosecutors Said to Recommend Charges Against Former Gen. David Petraeus  http://nyti.ms/1ATjIAB The F.B.I. and Justice Department prosecutors have recommended bringing felony charges against retired Gen. David H. Petraeu…s for providing classified information to his former mistress while he was director of the C.I.A., officials said, leaving Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to decide whether to seek an indictment that could send the pre-eminent military officer of... Prosecutors Said to Recommend Charges Against Former Gen. David Petraeus -...USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Report: Christie interviewed by feds in bridge scandal CNN  - ?2 hours ago? (CNN) A new report that says Gov. Chris Christie met with FBI agents and federal prosecutors last month has the governor\u0027s camp saying the New Jersey Republican has \"fully\" cooperated \"with all appropriate inquiries\" related to the George Washington ... Related Chris Christie » Port Authority of New York and New Jersey » New Jersey » Feds question Chris Christie about bridge scandalUSA TODAY Gov. Chris Christie met with feds on BridgegatePolitico Highly Cited:EXCLUSIVE: Chris Christie Was Interrogated By Feds Over Bridge ScandalABC News Opinion:Christie interviewed by federal prosecutorsMSNBC See all 219 sources » Related Chris Christie » Port Authority of New York and New Jersey » New Jersey »CNN  - ?2 hours ago?Detroit Free PressSee realtime coverage Deadly 150-vehicle pileup closes I-94 in west Michigan Detroit Free Press  - ?22 minutes ago? Roughly 150 vehicles careened into a fatal pileup along a snowy I-94 between Battle Creek and Galesburg Friday morning, causiing fires on trucks carrying fireworks and acid and closing the freeway. Related Michigan » At least 1 dead in 123-vehicle pileup along snowy Michigan highwayFox News Police: 1 dead after 123 vehicles crash on I-94 in MichiganChicago Tribune See all 372 sources » Related Michigan » FOX433 hours ago  -  Google+ Video taken at the site of a deadly 90-vehicle pileup on a snow-covered highway in Michigan Friday captured a fireworks truck exploding. People living within a 1-mile radius of the crash on Intersta…te 94 in Kalamazoo County were asked to take shelter as a precaution because another semi-truck carrying hazardous material was also involved in the wreck. Emergency crews on the scene confirmed that at least one person was killed in the crash: http://go.fox43.com/1BWjt5YDetroit Free Press  - ?22 minutes ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Community colleges could help fix America\u0027s looming skills shortage Washington Post  - ?32 minutes ago? One way to look at President Obama\u0027s proposal for tuition-free community college is that it\u0027s a belated attempt to keep the nation from tumbling into the chasm between the workers it has and the workers it will need. Related Colleges » Oregon state senator says his free community college plan, unlike Obama\u0027s, has ...OregonLive.com Obama Plan Would Make 2 Years of College Free to AllVoice of America Opinion:Two years of free community college makes senseCNN In Depth:Does free community college work?CNNMoney See all 1,315 sources » Related Colleges » NPR Politics7 hours ago  -  Google+ President Obama is in Tennessee previewing some of the big issues he\u0027ll talk about in his State of the Union address later this month. Today, he\u0027ll speak in Knoxville, focusing on education an…d an idea that is gathering steam in some states: making community college tuition-free. In the emerging debate over this idea, there are skeptics and there are true believers. \"This is a fundamental systematic change. It\u0027s bold and exactl... Obama In Tennessee To Promote Free Community CollegeWashington Post  - ?32 minutes ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Kansas gun store owner dies after shootout during robbery attempt Reuters  - ?21 minutes ago? KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuters) - The owner of a gun store died on Friday in a shootout with four men who were attempting to rob the business in Shawnee, Kansas, a suburb of Kansas City, Missouri, police said. Related Kansas » 1 killed during attempted robbery at Kansas City-area gun storeWashington Post Four Shot in Robbery Attempt at Kansas Gun ShopNBCNews.com See all 178 sources » Related Kansas »Reuters  - ?21 minutes ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage The Last Keystone Excuse Wall Street Journal  - ?58 minutes ago? For six years President Obama has used one pretext after another to avoid approving the Keystone XL pipeline. Now the Nebraska Supreme Court has blown up his last excuse, and the President owes it to the country to either say yes or to come clean about ... Keystone pipeline bill passes House, unanimous support from AR RepsKATV See all 3,884 sources » Roll Call5 hours ago  -  Google+ 28 House Democrats Defy Obama, Join GOP to Pass Keystone -   Cooper and 27 other Democrats joined the GOP on Keystone. (Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call File Photo) Defying President Barack Obama, 28 House Dem…ocrats joined Republicans Friday to help pass legislation to jump-start the long-stalled Keystone XL pipeline project. The defections are another indication that moderate Democrats, frustrated with midterm losses and weary of defending an unpopular p... Moderates Democrats Defy Obama, Pelosi, Join GOP to Pass KeystoneWall Street Journal  - ?58 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Users Say TurboTax Deluxe Is Less Deluxe Than It Used to Be New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? TAXPAYERS buying commercial software to prepare and electronically file their 2014 income tax returns should double-check that the version they are purchasing fits their needs. Related TurboTax » Taxes » TurboTax Kicks Off Tax Filing Season, Extends Free Filing To StatessocalTech.com TurboTax has bad news for investorsUSA TODAY In Depth:Tax Software Wars Heat Up As TurboTax Makes A ChangeForbes See all 37 sources » Related TurboTax » Taxes »New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage Big Banks Look Set to Trim Bonuses Wall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago? Wall Street traders are expected to take a hit in the wallet from a weak December. Getty Images. By. Justin Baer and. Justin Baer. Related Citigroup » Citigroup makes last-minute cut in year-end bonuses for tradersReuters Citigroup slashes bonus pool for fixed-income, equities tradersMarketWatch Opinion:Citigroup Just Gave Us Our First Hint At How Wall Street Trader Bonuses Will Go ...Business Insider See all 21 sources » Related Citigroup »Wall Street Journal  - ?1 hour ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage LG Plans to Launch WebOS-powered Smartwatch by Early Next Year Wall Street Journal  - ?Jan 7, 2015? LG Electronic\u0027s G Watch R smartwatch displayed at the 2015 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. The South Korean company plans to launch a new smartwatch powered by its WebOS platform. Related webOS » LG Corp » LG Electronics » CES 2015 Wearables RoundupNDTV ?LG snubs 2014 TV owners on webOS upgradeZDNet Trending on Google+:Here are Audi\u0027s Open webOS and Android Wear watches in actionSlashGear Opinion:LG\u0027s new smartwatch runs webOS, not Android WearPCWorld In Depth:LG May Be Dropping Google\u0027s Android For Its Next Generation Of SmartwatchesForbes See all 109 sources » Related webOS » LG Corp » LG Electronics » The Linux Foundation3 hours ago  -  Google+ Linux shined at #ces2015  this week with smart TVs from LG, Samsung and Panasonic and home automation gizmos, including the + AllSeen Alliance  -compatible D-Link Connected Home Hub. Eric Brown has your download on Linux.…com.  http://www.linux.com/news/embedded-mobile/mobile-linux/801307-linux-shines-at-ces-with-smart-tvs-and-home-automation-gizmos Wall Street Journal  - ?Jan 7, 2015?Fox NewsSee realtime coverage 3-D \u0027pop-up\u0027 silicon structures: Transforming planar materials into 3-D ... West Valley News  - ?5 hours ago? In the cover function report of the journal, Science, researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign describe a distinctive procedure for geometrically transforming two dimensional (2D) micro/nanostructures into extended 3D layouts by exploiting. Related Silicon » 3-D POP-UP Silicon Structures: 3-D Microarchitectures Acquired by ...Full-Time Whistle \u0027Pop-Up\u0027 3D Structures Can Mimic Brain CircuitsYahoo News UK See all 19 sources » Related Silicon »West Valley News  - ?5 hours ago?VibeSee realtime coverage \u0027Taken 3,\u0027 Starring Liam Neeson New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? After “Non-Stop,” “Unknown” and three installments of the “Taken” thrillers, I\u0027m not sure that Liam Neeson\u0027s signature avengers are actually good people to know. Related Liam Neeson » Taken 3 » Taken » Taken 3Entertainment Weekly \u0027Taken 3\u0027: movie reviewNew York Daily News Opinion:Liam Neeson Reportedly Earned 20 Times More For \u0027Taken 3\u0027 Than The Original ...Business Insider In Depth:Review: \u0027Taken 3\u0027 Starring Liam Neeson, Forest Whitaker, Maggie Grace, Famke ...Indie Wire (blog) See all 364 sources » Related Liam Neeson » Taken 3 » Taken » Toronto Star3 hours ago  -  Google+ In Taken 3, Liam Neeson careers around Los Angeles, vainly trying to maintain velocity in an action-thriller franchise that was already wheezing to a halt with Taken 2, writes Peter Howell. Taken 3 should be called Mistaken 3: review | Toronto StarNew York Times  - ?2 hours ago?People MagazineSee realtime coverage Former - And Maybe Future - Presidential Candidate Mike Huckabee Says Jay-Z ... People Magazine  - ?27 minutes ago? It\u0027s probably a safe bet that, if Mike Huckabee runs once more for president, neither Jay Z nor Beyoncé will be on the campaign rally playlist. Related Mike Huckabee » Mike Huckabee\u0027s stupid, racist attack on Beyoncé and Jay-ZWashington Post Mick Huckabee Calls Beyonce a “Sex Object” \u0026 Jay Z a “Pimp,” You GuysBustle See all 63 sources » Related Mike Huckabee »People Magazine  - ?27 minutes ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Grizzlies\u0027 Pursuit Of Celtics\u0027 Green Intensifies ESPN  - ?38 minutes ago? Chris Forsberg discusses the likelihood that the Celtics and Grizzlies will be able to finalize a deal that would send forward Jeff Green to Memphis. Related Boston Celtics » Jeff Green » Brandan Wright » Celtics pull Jeff Green from lineup amid trade rumorsWashington Post Sources: Grizzlies nearing trade to acquire Jeff GreenYahoo Sports Opinion:Brandan Wright to Suns: Latest Trade Details, Comments and ReactionBleacher Report In Depth:Jeff Green about to be traded to Grizzlies, according to reportSB Nation See all 127 sources » Related Boston Celtics » Jeff Green » Brandan Wright » WEEI37 minutes ago  -  Google+ The Boston Celtics\u0027 busy night continues... They are reportedly finalizing a deal that would send Jeff Green to Memphis in exchange for Tayshaun Prince\u0027s expiring contract and a protected firs…t-round pick. Report: Celtics finalizing Jeff Green trade to GrizzliesESPN  - ?38 minutes ago?MiamiHerald.comSee realtime coverage Ravens hope for more playoff success at Patriots\u0027 home Washington Post  - ?23 minutes ago? FOXBOROUGH, Mass. - The temperature drops, friendly fans roar and the Patriots pile up victories. New England has the best home record in the NFL in Bill Belichick\u0027s 15 seasons as coach, playoffs included. Related New England Patriots » Baltimore Ravens » Ravens at home on the road, with Patriots nextTampabay.com Hard work fun for Ravens\u0027 Terrell SuggsSan Francisco Chronicle Opinion:Football Meteorology For Divisional RoundRealGM.com In Depth:Chirp Chirp: What Ravens Fans are Saying about the PatriotsBoston.com See all 1,246 sources » Related New England Patriots » Baltimore Ravens »Washington Post  - ?23 minutes ago?U-T San DiegoSee realtime coverage Woods will shoot for 9th Torrey win U-T San Diego  - ?23 minutes ago? Day 1 of Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines- SOUTH COURSE, Tiger Woods shoots from a fairway sand trap on hole 6. - Charlie Neuman. Related Tiger Woods » Phoenix Open » Bordow: How will Tiger handle the Phoenix Open circus?azcentral.com Tiger to Start His 2015 Season at Phoenix OpenCybergolf National In Depth:Woods, Super Bowl Align Phoenix Open for PGA Tour HistoryBloomberg See all 164 sources » Related Tiger Woods » Phoenix Open » SportsBlog.com57 minutes ago  -  Google+ Tiger Woods announced he\u0027s going to play in both the Phoenix Open \u0026 the Farmers Insurance Open. Will he win? http://bit.ly/1ATpGBt Sports Talk :: Woods Ready For The 2015 SeasonU-T San Diego  - ?23 minutes ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Aaron Rodgers gives Packers a familiar toughness USA TODAY  - ?38 minutes ago? GREEN BAY, Wis. - Nowhere else in the NFL is a quarterback\u0027s toughness held to the standard it is here, in the city where Brett Favre redefined what it means to be an ironman. Related Green Bay Packers » Aaron Rodgers » Packers coach says Rodgers ready for CowboysReuters Mike McCarthy: Eddie Lacy \u0027fresh\u0027 for Packers offenseNFL.com In Depth:Green Bay Packers unbeaten at home; Dallas Cowboys 8-0 on roadFOXSports.com See all 1,947 sources » Related Green Bay Packers » Aaron Rodgers »USA TODAY  - ?38 minutes ago?The Detroit NewsSee realtime coverage Grapevine: Rob Konrad falls off fishing boat The Detroit News  - ?21 minutes ago? People.com reports that former Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad, 38, fell off a fishing boat in the waters of Florida, forcing him to swim 9 miles overnight to shore, according to numerous reports. Related Rob Konrad » Miami Dolphins » Coast Guard: Former Miami Dolphin Rob Konrad falls off fishing boat, swims for ...Naples Daily News Former Dolphin Konrad weak but OK after long swim to shoreBellingham Herald Wikipedia:Rob Konrad See all 230 sources » Related Rob Konrad » Miami Dolphins »The Detroit News  - ?21 minutes ago?Tech TimesSee realtime coverage Comet Lovejoy is Here: Watch C/2014 Q2 Now or Miss It for 8000 Years Tech Times  - ?28 minutes ago? Comet Lovejoy is visible now in night skies. Here is how to find this visitor from the outer depths of our solar system. (Photo : Flickr / Steve Elliott). Related Terry Lovejoy » Watched Comet Lovejoy with your naked eyes these next ten daysSMN Weekly Comet Lovejoy should be visible to the naked eye for 10 daysDaily Record-News Trending on Google+:Lovejoy Comet: How to See It With the Naked EyeABC News In Depth:Comet Lovejoy In Closest Approach To Earth: How To See C/2014 Q2International Business Times See all 74 sources » Related Terry Lovejoy »Tech Times  - ?28 minutes ago?ComputerworldSee realtime coverage NASA\u0027s wild plan to bring Martian rocks to Earth Computerworld  - ?5 hours ago? NASA has a wild idea for a mission that will require a robotic tag-team effort, a rocket lifting off from the surface of Mars and a spacecraft that will scoop up Martian rocks orbiting the Red Planet. Related NASA » Rover Opportunity Conquers Martian Crater RimDiscovery News Aging Opportunity rover reaches a new summitNational Monitor See all 123 sources » Related NASA » Universe Today8 hours ago  -  Google+ Memory-Addled Mars Rover Climbs High Above The Red Planet’s Plain As the Opportunity rover struggles with ongoing problems to its Flash memory, the plucky Martian machine — almost at its 11th annive…rsary of operations on the Red Planet — has reached the summit of a crater rim, providing spectacular views of the area below. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is readying a fix to the rover’s memory, which is required to store images overnight while t...Computerworld  - ?5 hours ago?CNNSee realtime coverage US lab worker possibly exposed to Ebola showing no symptoms-CDC Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? CHICAGO Jan 9 (Reuters) - A scientist who may have accidentally been exposed to the deadly Ebola virus last month while working in a lab at the U.S. Related Influenza » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention » Amid widespread flu, CDC calls for more antiviral useCIDRAP CDC urges widespread use of antiviral drugs to combat fluCBS News In Depth:Flu Season Bad and May Get WorseWebMD See all 215 sources » Related Influenza » United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention »Reuters  - ?1 hour ago?Business RecorderSee realtime coverage UPDATE 2-Sanofi, Regeneron cholesterol drug also effective in monthly doses Reuters  - ?8 hours ago? (Adds analyst comment in paragraph 5; updates shares). Jan 9 (Reuters) - An experimental drug from Sanofi SA and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals was found to be effective in lowering \"bad\" cholesterol even when administered once every four weeks, instead ... Related Regeneron » Sanofi » Cholesterol » Regeneron and Sanofi Report Positive Results With Alirocumab TrialsDiabetes Insider Regeneron, Sanofi: Positive Results in Hypercholesterolemia TrialsDrug Discovery \u0026 Development Highly Cited:Pharmaceutical groups Sanofi, Regeneron announce positive trials of ...Economic Times In Depth:Regeneron and Sanofi Announce Positive Topline Results from First Phase 3 ...Businessweek See all 32 sources » Related Regeneron » Sanofi » Cholesterol »Reuters  - ?8 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Woman was pregnant and she did not realized it until she gave birth to her baby SMN Weekly  - ?57 minutes ago? 3 For some reasons, a 23 year old woman said she did not know that she was pregnant until an hour before giving birth. Katherine Kropas gave birth to a 10-pound baby after reporting intense back pain. Related Pregnancy » Woman » Childbirth » Massachusetts Woman Didn\u0027t Know She Was PregnantScience World Report Weymouth woman gives birth to 10-lb baby girl one hour after learning she was ...The Cubic Lane Highly Cited:Mom has baby an hour after learning she\u0027s pregnantUSA TODAY Trending on Google+:Woman Gives Birth An Hour After Learning She\u0027s PregnantABC News In Depth:Woman Learns She\u0027s Pregnant, Gives Birth To 10-Pound Baby 1 Hour LaterHuffington Post See all 131 sources » Related Pregnancy » Woman » Childbirth » Trove2 hours ago  -  Google+ Woman gives birth to 10-pound baby just an hour after discovering she’s pregnant “I thought I had put on some Christmas season weight, but I never thought I was pregnant. Never,” said Katherine Krop…as. The 23-year-old was on birth control and had a menstrual cycle.  Kropas said she generally felt fine during her pregnancy, except for the intense stomach and back pain she felt the day she went to the hospital. Just one hour later, her daughter ...SMN Weekly  - ?57 minutes ago?Today 37° 12° Sat 21° 14° Sun 34° 32° Mon 39° 25°Today YesterdayNHL  CLS 1 1 11:30 1P TORBUF 0 1 10:45 1P TBNYI 0 0 0:00 1P NJFLA 1420855200 CGYCHI 1420857000 EDMNBA  ATL 18 10 4:12 1Q DETPHI 15 22 4:34 1Q BKNBOS 35 42 2:48 2Q INDMEM 1420851600 NOCHI 1420851600 WASUTA 1420851600 OKCMIN 1420853400 MILPHO 1420853400 SADEN 1420858800 SACCLE 1420860600 GSORL 1420860600 LALNHL  NJ 0-3 Final BOSWAS 2-3 Final PHIBUF 2-5 Final CARCHI 4-2 Final MINDAL 2-3 Final NSHSJ 2-7 Final STLOTT 2-5 Final COLWPG 1-4 Final ARIFLA 3-1 Final VANNYR 4-3 Final LANBA  CHA 103-95 Final TORHOU 120-96 Final NYMIA 83-99 Final POR -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":10,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":48,"second":27},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
