{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"Sports scores",".title":"RecentDeath toll from Pakistan heat wave soars past 600Rosetta mission to study comet extended until 2016Stunning new photo captures three crescent moons at onceMLB  MLB  San Francisco, California »San Francisco Thinks Sex Will Make Your Showers ShorterSF study finds big disparity in arrest rates between racesMaterials from 49ers\u0027 Candlestick Park score a second lifeEditors\u0027 Picks\"My Poor Toilet Bowl!!!!\": Piping Hot Amazon Reviews of Laxative TeaKim Kardashian Used to Snitch on Paris Hilton to TabloidsDo You Have the New Star Wars Movie\u0027s Shooting Script? We\u0027ll Pay For ItRachel Dolezal on Today: \"I Identify as Black\"So Who Won the Game of Thrones? Your GoT Finale Questions AnsweredSpotlight »Six Surprising Things You Learn Driving a Cop CarHigh cost of hepatitis drug reflects a broken pricing systemMysterious moon may have secret ocean -- and lifeHighest paying work-at-home jobsFirst Aaron Burr, Now Jack LewFBI Agent: The CIA Could Have Stopped 9/11An Australian comic on what US gun laws look like to the rest of the worldNo Time to Be Nice at WorkTrue Detective: \"The Western Book of the Dead\" ReviewArizona sheriff sending armed posse into black churchesAt Home, Many Seniors Are Imprisoned by Their IndependenceHow Obama Opened His Heart to the \u0027Muslim World\u0027Most popularThe latest on NY prison escape: Search intensifies in NYAnti-Confederate flag demonstrators rally at South Carolina\u0027s State HouseNY prison worker\u0027s husband breaks silence on 18th day of escapee huntFrom Titanic to Braveheart: Relive 11 of James Horner\u0027s Most Memorable Film ...Alleged Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs\u0027 target Sal Alosi cuts an intense imageYou can now buy Amazon\u0027s Siri-for-your-homeVIDEO: New rear-mounted Samsung screens on trucks will allow for safer ...NFL gives Tom Brady four hours to make his appeal caseSolar storm brings spectacular aurora to parts of United StatesThe Bachelorette Is Finally a Make-Out Bandit. Does This Count as Progress?","h2":"Account OptionsTop StorieseBay to ban sale of Confederate flag merchandiseSenate Hands a Victory to Obama on Trade PactPrison Worker\u0027s Husband, on \u0027Today\u0027 Show, Says Escapees Threatened to Kill Him\u0027Eight is Enough\u0027 star Dick Van Patten dies at 86English Channel Trains Cancelled Amid Calais ChaosSkinny Jeans Can Lead to Nerve and Muscle Damage, Doctors SayWorld »Rain relief is coming as death toll nears 700 in Pakistan heat waveCrisis? What crisis? Russia stalls on reformObama Speaks Out Against Religious IntoleranceKurdish Fighters Push Closer to ISIS Caliphate\u0027s Capital in SyriaU.S. »Tornado Tears Through Illinois TownWhite House to release hostage policy review WednesdayPoll: Clinton currently leading all RepublicansHack attack: OPM breach could affect up to 18 million AmericansBusiness »Investors chase Darden Restaurants\u0027 shares after spin off boostUS durable goods orders data suggest manufacturing stabilizingBlackBerry Falls as Handset Sales Slump, CEO Says Not for SaleLack of inventory blamed for sluggish Mass. home sales in MayTechnology »Amazon Echo is now open for pre-orders to anyone in the US for $180, ships ...Instagram Takes On Twitter With an Updated Photo FeedDefense Department Working On Hoverbikes: VideoGoogle testing a cardiac sensor wristbandEntertainment »Horner brought wonder, magic to movie musicMusic mogul Diddy accused of assaultNew Kids On The Block through the yearsThis Just In: And your new big-screen Spider-Man is…Tom Holland.Sports »NFL commissioner Roger Goodell set to needle Tom Brady over DeflateGateA Rejuvenated China Is the Americans\u0027 Next Opponent in the Women\u0027s World CupCeltics president Danny Ainge wants to move up in NBA draftPlayers Who Have Played for George Karl Love Tweeting \u0027Snake in the Grass\u0027Science »Dwarf planet Ceres reveals pyramid-shaped mysteryFirst modern humans had close Neanderthal relativesEPA report cites benefits of limiting emissions, climate changeSolar storm brings spectacular aurora to parts of United StatesHealth »Medical marijuana: good evidence for some diseases, weak for othersBlood pressure medication may stop drug, alcohol addictionLabels for Edible Marijuana Often Err on Potency, Study SaysFat is back: New guidelines give vilified nutrient a reprieveRecentSan Francisco, California »Editors\u0027 PicksSpotlight »Most popular","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAY JUN JUL 23 2014 2015 2016 20,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16 Close HelpMAY JUN JUL 23 2014 2015 2016MAY JUN JUL232014 2015 201620,851 captures 25 Mar 02 - 29 Jan 16Top Stories CNNSee realtime coverage eBay to ban sale of Confederate flag merchandise CNN  - ?36 minutes ago? (CNN) eBay will ban the sale of Confederate flag merchandise, the auction site announced Tuesday, in a decision that follows in the steps of major retailers like Walmart and Sears. Related Confederate States of America » South Carolina » South Carolina lawmakers push for Confederate flag debateReuters Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate SymbolsNBCNews.com Featured:NM\u0027s Sen. Sanchez thanks Haley for Confederate flag stanceNMPolitics.net Highly Cited:Confederate flag deserves history\u0027s harsh verdictCNN International In Depth:Virginia\u0027s McAuliffe plans to phase out Confederate flag license plateWashington Post Wikipedia:Flags of the Confederate States of America See all 5,526 sources » Related Confederate States of America » South Carolina » ABC News ABC NewsSC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down SC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down - ABC News CNN CNNSC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down SC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down - CNN CNN CNNBusinesses and the Confederate flag Businesses and the Confederate flag - CNN Minneapolis Star Tribune Minneapolis Star Tribune SC Gov calls for removing Confederate flag; says church slayings changed what ... Ktoo Ktoo The Complicated Political History Of The Confederate Flag Voice of America Voice of America S. Carolina Governor Urges Removal of Confederate Flag from State Capitol AOL News AOL News Nikki Haley, Lindsey Graham will reportedly call for taking down confederate flag KCCU KCCU Gov. Haley Announces New Push To Remove Confederate Flag In S.C. Businessinsider India Businessinsider India South Carolina\u0027s GOP governor will reportedly call for removing the Confederate ... CNN CNN Nikki Haley calls for removal of Confederate flag from capitol grounds The Republic The Republic Gov. Haley\u0027s call to take down Confederate flag follows years of GOP refusal to ... The Hill The Hill Where the 2016 GOP field stands on the Confederate flag KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Confederate general bust The Week Magazine The Week Magazine 10 things you need to know today: June 23, 2015 The Republic The Republic History of the Confederate flag on Statehouse grounds in South Carolina KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Leaders call for flag\u0027s removal NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate Symbols New York TimesSee realtime coverage Senate Hands a Victory to Obama on Trade Pact New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - The Senate narrowly voted Tuesday to end debate on legislation granting President Obama enhanced negotiating powers to complete a major Pacific trade accord, virtually assuring final passage Wednesday of Mr. Obama\u0027s top legislative ... Related United States Senate » Barack Obama » Pacific trade pact moves step nearer after Senate voteReuters Will Ted Cruz\u0027s about-face on trade jeopardize Obama agenda?Christian Science Monitor Trending on Google+:Trade Pact: How The Trans-Pacific Partnership Gives Corporations Special ...International Business Times See all 406 sources » Related United States Senate » Barack Obama » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Prison Worker\u0027s Husband, on \u0027Today\u0027 Show, Says Escapees Threatened to Kill Him New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? The husband of a prison employee who is accused of aiding two convicted killers in their escape said the inmates threatened to kill him if she did not follow through with their getaway plan. Joyce Mitchell\u0027s husband: Wife swears she didn\u0027t have sex with prison escapees ...New York Daily News Lyle Mitchell Breaks Silence on Wife Joyce Mitchell\u0027s Prison Plot to Free ...Us Magazine Trending on Google+:New York Prison Escape: Joyce Mitchell\u0027s Husband Breaks His SilenceNBCNews.com Opinion:Husband Of Woman Accused Of Helping Prison Escapees: \u0027How Can She Do ...Huffington Post In Depth:Joyce Mitchell\u0027s husband: Escaped murderers would have killed usSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape See all 138 sources » Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage \u0027Eight is Enough\u0027 star Dick Van Patten dies at 86 Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK - Dick Van Patten, the genial, round-faced comic actor who appeared on Broadway as a child, starred on TV in its infancy and then, in middle age, found lasting fame as the patriarch on TV\u0027s “Eight is Enough,” has died. Related Dick Van Patten » Eight Is Enough » Dick Van Patten of TV\u0027s \u0027Eight is Enough\u0027 dies at 86Reuters Dick Van Patten, of \u0027Eight Is Enough,\u0027 dead at 86Fox News Highly Cited:Dick Van Patten, Who Starred in Eight Is Enough and The Love Boat, Dies at 86People Magazine Trending on Google+:Dick Van Patten Is Dead at 86ABC News Opinion:Dick Van Patten, TV patriarch on \u0027Eight is Enough,\u0027 dead at 86The Globe and Mail Wikipedia:Dick Van Patten See all 243 sources » Related Dick Van Patten » Eight Is Enough » The GuardianSee realtime coverage English Channel Trains Cancelled Amid Calais Chaos New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? PARIS - All trains and many ferry services between Britain and France were cut off Tuesday by striking port workers, stranding hundreds of trucks and thousands of passengers on both sides of the English Channel. Related Calais » Channel Tunnel » Calais fire blockades as strike disrupts Channel crossingsBBC News Chaos at Calais: What we know so farTelegraph.co.uk Live Updating:Eurostar closed: Live updates from Calais as French workers strike amid migrant ...Mirror.co.uk See all 264 sources » Related Calais » Channel Tunnel » ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Skinny Jeans Can Lead to Nerve and Muscle Damage, Doctors Say ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Doctors are warning potential fashion “victims” to beware of their skinny jeans after one woman suffered muscle and nerve damage from a too tight pair of pants. Doctors warn against dangers of skinny jeans: Don\u0027t squatSan Jose Mercury News Woman Temporarily Paralyzed After Squatting in Skinny Jeans All Day—Get the ...E! Online In Depth:Skinny jean fashion victim suffers damaged nervesCBC.ca See all 463 sources » World » Los Angeles TimesSee realtime coverage Rain relief is coming as death toll nears 700 in Pakistan heat wave Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif declared an emergency Tuesday after a three-day heat wave left nearly 700 people dead in the southern port city of Karachi, the country\u0027s largest city. Related Karachi » Pakistan » Pakistani official: Death toll in southern province struck by heat wave reaches 622Washington Post Pakistan heatwave: Karachi hospital \u0027under tremendous pressure\u0027BBC News From Pakistan:Karachi heatwave death toll climbs 750Daily Times Trending on Google+:Pakistan heat wave claims hundreds of livesCNN In Depth:Pakistan heatwave kills 600 as anger focuses on power cutsFinancial Times See all 993 sources » Related Karachi » Pakistan » ReutersSee realtime coverage Crisis? What crisis? Russia stalls on reform Reuters  - ?39 minutes ago? MOSCOW Russia\u0027s interest rates are high and inflation is racing, but all the while his country slides into recession, President Vladimir Putin denies any economic crisis. Related Russia » North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) » Nato shifts strategy in Europe to deal with Russia threatFinancial Times US announces new tank and artillery deployment in EuropeBBC News In Depth:US sending tanks and armor to EuropeCNN See all 1,577 sources » Related Russia » North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) » Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Obama Speaks Out Against Religious Intolerance Voice of America  - ?1 hour ago? President Barack Obama spoke out against religious prejudice Monday at a White House dinner celebrating the start of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. Related Barack Obama » White House » It\u0027s heart over matter, cooks who fast during Ramadan saygulfnews.com Barack Obama hosts annual Iftar at White HouseHindustan Times Featured:The Holy Hunger Games: A Ramadan rookie\u0027s survival guide to fastingAl-Bawaba In Depth:Ramadan and the Blending of American MuslimsHuffington Post See all 298 sources » Related Barack Obama » White House » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Kurdish Fighters Push Closer to ISIS Caliphate\u0027s Capital in Syria NBCNews.com  - ?2 hours ago? Kurdish forces say they seized a military base from ISIS fighters just 30 miles from the self-declared caliphate\u0027s capital city in Syria, another gain in an offensive that is pushing deeper into militant strongholds. Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » Syrian Kurds, Rebel Groups Now Just 30 Miles From RaqqaVICE News Lashed for smoking, caged for card-playing: This was life under ISISCNN From Syria:Kurds attack ISIS-held military base near RaqqaARA News In Depth:Syria Kurds seize town from Islamic State near its \u0027capital\u0027Reuters See all 712 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » More World stories U.S. » NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Tornado Tears Through Illinois Town NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago? Tornadoes swept across the Midwest overnight, destroying homes and leaving many displaced. The community of Coal City, Illinois was particularly hard hit. Officials: More Than 50 Homes Damaged By Portland TornadoCBS Local The Latest on weather: Gov. Rauner calls storm \u0027devastating\u0027San Francisco Chronicle (subscription) Highly Cited:Antonio Perez, Chicago TribuneChicago Tribune See all 868 sources » Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage White House to release hostage policy review Wednesday Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The White House on Wednesday will release its months-long review of U.S. policy for dealing with the families of American hostages. Related Barack Obama » White House » White House Won\u0027t Bar Hostages\u0027 Families From Paying RansomsWall Street Journal Obama to loosen restrictions on private ransoms for hostagesUSA TODAY Highly Cited:White House hostage policy shift announcement coming WednesdayCNN See all 63 sources » Related Barack Obama » White House » USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Poll: Clinton currently leading all Republicans USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? A new poll indicates that Hillary Clinton is not only the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, but a front-runner for the White House itself. Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Clay endorses Hillary Clinton for PresidentSTLtoday.com Hillary Clinton takes her message of racial reconciliation to MissouriWashington Post (blog) Highly Cited:Jeb Bush goes after Hillary Clinton, de Blasio on educationCNN Trending on Google+:Hillary Clinton Dominates 2016 Democratic Field, Leads GOP RivalsNBCNews.com In Depth:Hillary finds room for race amid cash runFox News See all 371 sources » Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Hack attack: OPM breach could affect up to 18 million Americans Christian Science Monitor  - ?43 minutes ago? An early internal assessment by the Office of Personnel Management warned that the hack on its computer systems may have compromised personal information of up to four times the amount the government first acknowledged. Related United States Office of Personnel Management » United States of America » No One Has Any Idea How Many OPM Records Were StolenWall Street Journal (blog) US data hack may be 4 times larger than the government originally saidCNN In Depth:Computer system that detected massive government data breach could itself be ...Washington Post (blog) See all 122 sources » Related United States Office of Personnel Management » United States of America » More U.S. stories Business » CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Investors chase Darden Restaurants\u0027 shares after spin off boost Financial Times  - ?31 minutes ago? Investors devoured shares in Darden Restaurants on Tuesday after the owner of Olive Gardens and other casual dining chains announced plans to spin off some of its properties into a real estate investment trust. Related Darden Restaurants » Olive Garden » Olive Garden sales hotter than its breadsticksCNNMoney Olive Garden sales up as gas prices and discounts fallseattlepi.com In Depth:Olive Garden owner Darden jumps on plan to split off real estateNew York Post See all 153 sources » Related Darden Restaurants » Olive Garden » ReutersSee realtime coverage US durable goods orders data suggest manufacturing stabilizing Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON A gauge of U.S. business investment spending plans rose in May in a tentative sign of stabilization in the manufacturing sector, which has been weak since the late summer of 2014. EconomyUS durable goods for May: economists reactFinancial Times Transports drag down durable goods in MayUSA TODAY In Depth:US core capital goods orders rise; transportation orders fallEconomic Times See all 168 sources » CBC.caSee realtime coverage BlackBerry Falls as Handset Sales Slump, CEO Says Not for Sale Bloomberg  - ?17 minutes ago? BlackBerry Ltd. slipped as much as 4.2 percent after posting a wider-than-anticipated quarterly loss and handsets shipments at the lowest since 2007 even as the new keyboard-equipped Classic phone went on sale. Related BlackBerry Limited » BlackBerry Not Ready to Give Up on Smartphones YetWall Street Journal (blog) BlackBerry shares slump despite higher 1st-quarter profitCBC.ca Highly Cited:BlackBerry to be paid a license fee by Cisco as part of patent cross-licensing pactMorningstar.com In Depth:BlackBerry touts enterprise software salesComputerworld See all 228 sources » Related BlackBerry Limited » Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage Lack of inventory blamed for sluggish Mass. home sales in May Boston Globe  - ?3 hours ago? Single family-home sales in Massachusetts declined in May compared to the previous year while prices remained steady, a Boston real estate tracking firm reported Tuesday. Home Sales Surge as Prices Pick UpU.S. News \u0026 World Report US Housing Market perked up in MayNYC Today See all 351 sources » More Business stories Technology » VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Amazon Echo is now open for pre-orders to anyone in the US for $180, ships ... VentureBeat  - ?4 hours ago? Got email marketing? We\u0027ve got best practices from LivingSocial and estate sale guru Everything But The House in our next Insight webinar. Related Amazon.com, Inc. » Amazon Echo » Get an Amazon Echo Without an InvitePC Magazine Amazon Crams Virtual Assistant into New \u0027Echo\u0027 SpeakerMaximum PC Opinion:No longer invitation only: Amazon Echo available to all customersUSA TODAY In Depth:Now You Can Buy Amazon\u0027s Artificially Intelligent Robot SpeakersFast Company See all 66 sources » Related Amazon.com, Inc. » Amazon Echo » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Instagram Takes On Twitter With an Updated Photo Feed New York Times  - ?39 minutes ago? MENLO PARK, Calif. - Kevin Systrom says he has no interest in leaving Instagram to run Twitter, despite the hopes of some on Wall Street that he would consider the job. Related Instagram » Instagram overhauls its search features to focus on trendsMashable Instagram to make it easier to discover trendsFinancial Times In Depth:Instagram Debuts New Search and Discovery to Rival TwitterWired See all 17 sources » Related Instagram » Slate MagazineSee realtime coverage Defense Department Working On Hoverbikes: Video Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? Fans of the Star Wars movies need no convincing of the virtues of a hoverbike, and it appears neither does the military. The Department of Defense is teaming up with Malloy Aeronautics to turn the British engineering firm\u0027s hoverbike concept into a reality, with ... Related United States Department of Defense » United States Army » United States of America » US military to develop Star Wars-style hoverbikesThe Guardian Video: The US Army is being equipped with these futuristic hoverbikesQuartz Trending on Google+:Hover into battle: US military strikes deal to develop hoverbike techCNET In Depth:US Department of Defense to build UK hoverbikeFirstpost See all 73 sources » Related United States Department of Defense » United States Army » United States of America » CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Google testing a cardiac sensor wristband CNNMoney  - ?33 minutes ago? google cardiac ECG sensor Google is testing a new connected wristband capable of taking ECG and measuring environmental stressors. Related Google » Google unveils sensor-laden health wearable for monitoring patients in clinical ...VentureBeat Google\u0027s New Health Wearable Delivers Constant Patient MonitoringTechCrunch See all 7 sources » Related Google » More Technology stories Entertainment » TIMESee realtime coverage Horner brought wonder, magic to movie music USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? James Horner might not have gotten top billing for his film work, but his name in the credits meant something: wonder, mystery, magic. Related James Horner » Titanic » Academy Awards » Listen to Some of James Horner\u0027s Greatest Movie MusicTIME Renowned \"Titanic\" composer\u0027s historic careerCBS News Trending on Google+:James Horner, Film Composer for \u0027Titanic\u0027 and \u0027Braveheart,\u0027 Dies in Plane CrashHollywood Reporter In Depth:James Horner: 10 of the famed composer\u0027s most memorable scoresCBC.ca Wikipedia:James Horner See all 1,004 sources » Related James Horner » Titanic » Academy Awards » ESPNSee realtime coverage Music mogul Diddy accused of assault Herald Sun  - ?1 hour ago? HIP-HOP music mogul Diddy has been released from jail after being accused of assault with a kettlebell at the University of California, where his son plays football. Related Sean Combs » University of California, Los Angeles » Alleged Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs\u0027 target Sal Alosi cuts an intense imageLos Angeles Times 50 Cent mocks Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs after arrestPhilly.com (blog) Trending on Google+:Diddy Arrested After Fight with UCLA Football CoachTMZ.com In Depth:Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs facing charges for assault and terrorist threatsSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Sean Combs See all 1,140 sources » Related Sean Combs » University of California, Los Angeles » Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage New Kids On The Block through the years Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? New Kids On The Block in 1991 performed at Tampa Stadium for Super Bowl XXV. Pictured (left to right): Danny Wood, Donnie Wahlberg, Jordan Knight, Joey McIntyre and Jonathan Knight. Related Mark Wahlberg » Watch Mark Wahlberg Reunite With New Kids on the Block for the First Time in ...Hollywood Reporter Mark Wahlberg joins New Kids on the Block on stage at Madison Square Garden ...New York Daily News See all 23 sources » Related Mark Wahlberg » Washington PostSee realtime coverage This Just In: And your new big-screen Spider-Man is…Tom Holland. Washington Post  - ?29 minutes ago? For the first time on the big screen, Marvel Studios has had a say in casting its Peter Parker. And the newest webslinger in the longtime Sony franchise is… Tom Holland. Related Spider-Man » Tom Holland announced as the new Spider-ManEntertainment Weekly (blog) Brit Tom Holland is announced as the new Marvel SpidermanBBC News See all 341 sources » Related Spider-Man » More Entertainment stories Sports » New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage NFL commissioner Roger Goodell set to needle Tom Brady over DeflateGate New York Daily News  - ?14 hours ago? Tom Brady has had an amazing offseason after winning his fourth Super Bowl: He\u0027s jumped off a cliff in Costa Rica, played golf with Rory McIlroy, basketball and golf with Michael Jordan, taken batting practice off Pedro Martinez and attended the Kentucky ... Related Tom Brady » National Football League » Tom Brady states his case under oath to Roger GoodellWashington Post (blog) Tom Brady appeals \u0027Deflate-gate\u0027 suspension in hearingMSNBC Highly Cited:Tom Brady\u0027s appeal: What\u0027s at stake for all parties involved?NFL.com See all 518 sources » Related Tom Brady » National Football League » New York TimesSee realtime coverage A Rejuvenated China Is the Americans\u0027 Next Opponent in the Women\u0027s World Cup New York Times  - ?3 hours ago? EDMONTON, Alberta - Han Peng was 9 years old when China lost to the United States on penalty kicks in an epic championship match at the 1999 Women\u0027s World Cup. Related United States of America » FIFA Women\u0027s World Cup » Alex Morgan » \u0027Purposefully\u0027 giving out yellow cards? Yeah, Abby Wambach went there.Washington Post (blog) USA blows past Colombia into the quarterfinals of the women\u0027s World Cup - 3 ...For The Win Opinion:FIFA must ban Abby Wambach for comments: LarsonToronto Sun In Depth:Women\u0027s World Cup: USWNT hopes in the balance?CNN Live Updating:Women\u0027s World Cup 2015 live updates: Japan vs NetherlandsOregonLive.com See all 976 sources » Related United States of America » FIFA Women\u0027s World Cup » Alex Morgan » ESPNSee realtime coverage Celtics president Danny Ainge wants to move up in NBA draft ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? WALTHAM, Mass. -- Boston Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge said his team is exploring the possibility of moving up in the draft and is hopeful to utilize Boston\u0027s surplus of draft picks to target desired talent. Related Boston Celtics » National Basketball Association » Danny Ainge: Celtics trying to move up in NBA draftBoston Herald Report: Celtics offer Smart, picks to Sixers for Noel and lottery pickFOXSports.com In Depth:Draft night is a lesson in patience for the CelticsBoston.com See all 109 sources » Related Boston Celtics » National Basketball Association » Bleacher ReportSee realtime coverage Players Who Have Played for George Karl Love Tweeting \u0027Snake in the Grass\u0027 Bleacher Report  - ?2 hours ago? No matter how you slice it, it\u0027s eerie to see that a half-dozen NBA players who have played on George Karl-coached teams have tweeted nearly identical messages about \"snakes in the grass\" in recent years. Related DeMarcus Cousins » Sacramento Kings » Los Angeles Lakers » DeMarcus Cousins: DeMarcus Cousins asked for trade a month agoRotoworld.com George Karl wants to trade DeMarcus Cousins, but the Kings owner and GM ...Washington Post (blog) Highly Cited:George Karl wants to trade DeMarcus Cousins, but Kings owner won\u0027t allow itESPN In Depth:Dysfunctional Kings give Lakers hope for DeMarcus CousinsNew York Post See all 241 sources » Related DeMarcus Cousins » Sacramento Kings » Los Angeles Lakers » More Sports stories Science » NPRSee realtime coverage Dwarf planet Ceres reveals pyramid-shaped mystery CNN  - ?42 minutes ago? (CNN) OK, this is just too much. First, NASA\u0027s Dawn probe spotted curiously sparkly bright spots on the surface of Ceres, the dwarf planet that lies in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Related NASA » Ceres Has A Mysterious Lonely Mountain (But No Dragon)Forbes NASA Flummoxed By Dwarf Planet\u0027s Bright Spots, \u0027Pyramid-Shaped Peak\u0027NPR Trending on Google+:\u0027Pyramid\u0027 spotted on surface of CeresDaily Mail Opinion:Ceres\u0027 Bright Spots Continue to Mystify AstronomersGizmodo See all 71 sources » Related NASA » IBNLiveSee realtime coverage First modern humans had close Neanderthal relatives Fox News Latino  - ?4 hours ago? The first modern humans in Europe had a Neanderthal ancestor just four to six generations back in his family line, a study published in the journal Nature said. Scientists believe early Europeans interbred with NeanderthalsLivemint Modern humans had sex with Neanderthals in EuropeBusiness Standard Highly Cited:Modern humans and Neanderthals \u0027interbred in Europe\u0027BBC News In Depth:DNA analysis of 40000 years old jawbone suggests that Humans interbred with ...Economic Times See all 130 sources » Los Angeles TimesSee realtime coverage EPA report cites benefits of limiting emissions, climate change Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago? Reducing the greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change could prevent tens of thousands of deaths and hundreds of billions in economic losses in the United States, according to a new study by the Environmental Protection Agency. Climate change health risk is a \u0027medical emergency\u0027, experts warnFox News Report: Climate Change Creating Global \u0027Medical Emergency\u0027CBS Local Highly Cited:Obama Administration Releases Report on the Health and Economic Benefits of ...Whitehouse.gov (press release) In Depth:Inaction on climate change would cost billions, major EPA study findsThe Australian Financial Review See all 513 sources » Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Solar storm brings spectacular aurora to parts of United States Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? Residents in Colorado, Georgia, Virginia, and Arkansas were treated to an unusual celestial display Monday night. By Sarah Caspari, Staff writer June 23, 2015. Related Solar storm of 1859 » Solar storm that hit Earth could bring northern lights as far south as IowaWDJT Will we see auroras here Wednesday night?WCPO Trending on Google+:Huge solar storm hits Earth: power grid and GPS could be disrupted, but auroras ...The Independent In Depth:Big solar storm smacks Earth, may allow more to see aurorasEconomic Times See all 106 sources » Related Solar storm of 1859 » More Science stories Health » ReutersSee realtime coverage Medical marijuana: good evidence for some diseases, weak for others Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? (Reuters Health) - Moderate- or high-quality evidence supports the use of marijuana for some medical conditions, but not for others, according to a fresh review of past research. Related Medical cannabis » Study: Scant evidence that medical pot helps many illnessesFox News Here\u0027s What Science Says About Medical MarijuanaTIME See all 73 sources » Related Medical cannabis » UPI.comSee realtime coverage Blood pressure medication may stop drug, alcohol addiction UPI.com  - ?56 minutes ago? Hitoshi Morikawa and his team have discovered that an FDA-approved antihypertensive drug can stop cocaine or alcohol addiction in rats. Related Alcoholism » An FDA-approved drug may be the new cure for addictionConsumerAffairs Antihypertension Med May Also Treat Drug, Alcohol AddictionPsychiatry Advisor See all 11 sources » Related Alcoholism » New York TimesSee realtime coverage Labels for Edible Marijuana Often Err on Potency, Study Says New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? An analysis of 75 edible marijuana products sold to patients in Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles found that labels on just 17 percent accurately described their levels of THC, the main psychoactive ingredient, researchers reported Tuesday. Related Medical cannabis » Tetrahydrocannabinol » Cannabis » The trouble with edibles: Many fail to deliver the promised dosage of marijuanaWashington Post (blog) Potency labels often wrong on medical-marijuana edibles, study findsThe Seattle Times Highly Cited:How Much Does Marijuana Impact Your Driving?TIME In Depth:Medical Marijuana Is Often Less Potent Than AdvertisedNPR See all 17 sources » Related Medical cannabis » Tetrahydrocannabinol » Cannabis » CNNSee realtime coverage Fat is back: New guidelines give vilified nutrient a reprieve CNN  - ?48 minutes ago? (CNN) Fatty foods may be making a comeback. The latest version of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, which is due out later this year, could contain a number of big changes in its recommendations, not the least of which is an exoneration of fat. Related Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion » Dietary Guidelines for Americans Shouldn\u0027t Place Limits on Total Fat IntakeNewswise (press release) The 2015 US Dietary Guidelines: Lifting the Ban on Total Dietary FatJAMA: The Journal of the American Medical Association See all 4 sources » Related Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion » More Health stories Get Google News on the go. Try the free app for your phone or tablet. Sign in to get news on topics you care about.Learn more Recent Death toll from Pakistan heat wave soars past 600 CBS News - 9 minutes ago Rosetta mission to study comet extended until 2016 CBS News - 22 minutes ago Stunning new photo captures three crescent moons at once Washington Post - 22 minutes ago Weather for San Francisco, California Today 67° 53° Wed 65° 54° Thu 71° 56° Fri 66° 56° The Weather Channel - Weather Underground - AccuWeather Sports scores Today Yesterday Sport hidden. Use settings to modify sport scores preferences. MLB   ATL 1435100700 WAS CIN 1435100700 PIT PHI 1435100700 NYY BAL 1435101000 BOS TOR 1435101000 TB DET 1435101000 CLE STL 1435101000 MIA LAD 1435104300 CHC OAK 1435104300 TEX CHW 1435104600 MIN NYM 1435104600 MIL ARI 1435106400 COL HOU 1435111500 LAA KC 1435111800 SEA SD 1435112100 SF MLB   PHI 11-8 Final NYY DET 8-5 Final CLE TOR 8-5 Final TB LAD 2-4 Final CHC CHW 2-13 Final MIN HOU 3-4 Final LAA KC 4-1 Final SEA San Francisco, California » San Francisco Thinks Sex Will Make Your Showers Shorter Mother Jones - 7 hours ago SF study finds big disparity in arrest rates between races SFGate - 12 hours ago Materials from 49ers\u0027 Candlestick Park score a second life GreenBiz - 6 hours ago Editors\u0027 Picks \"My Poor Toilet Bowl!!!!\": Piping Hot Amazon Reviews of Laxative Tea Ashley Feinberg on Weird Internet, shared by Ashley Feinberg to Gawker Kim Kardashian Used to Snitch on Paris Hilton to Tabloids Allie Jones on Defamer, shared by Allie Jones to Gawker Do You Have the New Star Wars Movie\u0027s Shooting Script? We\u0027ll Pay For It Ashley Feinberg Rachel Dolezal on Today: \"I Identify as Black\" Gabrielle Bluestone So Who Won the Game of Thrones? Your GoT Finale Questions Answered Max Read on Morning After, shared by Max Read to Gawker Learn more Spotlight » Six Surprising Things You Learn Driving a Cop Car Yahoo Autos (blog) - Jun 19, 2015 High cost of hepatitis drug reflects a broken pricing system Los Angeles Times - Jun 19, 2015 Mysterious moon may have secret ocean -- and life CNN - Jun 19, 2015 Highest paying work-at-home jobs Yahoo7 News - Jun 19, 2015 First Aaron Burr, Now Jack Lew Wall Street Journal - Jun 19, 2015 FBI Agent: The CIA Could Have Stopped 9/11 Newsweek - Jun 19, 2015 An Australian comic on what US gun laws look like to the rest of the world Washington Post (blog) - Jun 19, 2015 No Time to Be Nice at Work New York Times - Jun 19, 2015 True Detective: \"The Western Book of the Dead\" Review IGN - Jun 19, 2015 Arizona sheriff sending armed posse into black churches USA TODAY - Jun 19, 2015 At Home, Many Seniors Are Imprisoned by Their Independence New York Times - Jun 19, 2015 How Obama Opened His Heart to the \u0027Muslim World\u0027 Foreign Policy (blog) - Jun 19, 2015 Most popular The latest on NY prison escape: Search intensifies in NY seattlepi.com - 4 hours ago Anti-Confederate flag demonstrators rally at South Carolina\u0027s State House Daily Mail - 4 minutes ago NY prison worker\u0027s husband breaks silence on 18th day of escapee hunt Reuters - 24 minutes ago From Titanic to Braveheart: Relive 11 of James Horner\u0027s Most Memorable Film ... People Magazine - 17 minutes ago Alleged Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs\u0027 target Sal Alosi cuts an intense image Los Angeles Times - 13 minutes ago You can now buy Amazon\u0027s Siri-for-your-home Fortune - 54 minutes ago VIDEO: New rear-mounted Samsung screens on trucks will allow for safer ... Irish Independent - 3 hours ago NFL gives Tom Brady four hours to make his appeal case NBCSports.com - 6 minutes ago Solar storm brings spectacular aurora to parts of United States Christian Science Monitor - 1 hour ago The Bachelorette Is Finally a Make-Out Bandit. Does This Count as Progress? Slate Magazine (blog) - 22 minutes agoCNNSee realtime coverage eBay to ban sale of Confederate flag merchandise CNN  - ?36 minutes ago? (CNN) eBay will ban the sale of Confederate flag merchandise, the auction site announced Tuesday, in a decision that follows in the steps of major retailers like Walmart and Sears. Related Confederate States of America » South Carolina » South Carolina lawmakers push for Confederate flag debateReuters Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate SymbolsNBCNews.com Featured:NM\u0027s Sen. Sanchez thanks Haley for Confederate flag stanceNMPolitics.net Highly Cited:Confederate flag deserves history\u0027s harsh verdictCNN International In Depth:Virginia\u0027s McAuliffe plans to phase out Confederate flag license plateWashington Post Wikipedia:Flags of the Confederate States of America See all 5,526 sources » Related Confederate States of America » South Carolina » ABC News ABC NewsSC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down SC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down - ABC News CNN CNNSC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down SC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down - CNN CNN CNNBusinesses and the Confederate flag Businesses and the Confederate flag - CNN Minneapolis Star Tribune Minneapolis Star Tribune SC Gov calls for removing Confederate flag; says church slayings changed what ... Ktoo Ktoo The Complicated Political History Of The Confederate Flag Voice of America Voice of America S. Carolina Governor Urges Removal of Confederate Flag from State Capitol AOL News AOL News Nikki Haley, Lindsey Graham will reportedly call for taking down confederate flag KCCU KCCU Gov. Haley Announces New Push To Remove Confederate Flag In S.C. Businessinsider India Businessinsider India South Carolina\u0027s GOP governor will reportedly call for removing the Confederate ... CNN CNN Nikki Haley calls for removal of Confederate flag from capitol grounds The Republic The Republic Gov. Haley\u0027s call to take down Confederate flag follows years of GOP refusal to ... The Hill The Hill Where the 2016 GOP field stands on the Confederate flag KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Confederate general bust The Week Magazine The Week Magazine 10 things you need to know today: June 23, 2015 The Republic The Republic History of the Confederate flag on Statehouse grounds in South Carolina KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Leaders call for flag\u0027s removal NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate SymbolsCNN  - ?36 minutes ago?ABC News ABC NewsSC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down SC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down - ABC News CNN CNNSC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down SC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down - CNN CNN CNNBusinesses and the Confederate flag Businesses and the Confederate flag - CNN Minneapolis Star Tribune Minneapolis Star Tribune SC Gov calls for removing Confederate flag; says church slayings changed what ... Ktoo Ktoo The Complicated Political History Of The Confederate Flag Voice of America Voice of America S. Carolina Governor Urges Removal of Confederate Flag from State Capitol AOL News AOL News Nikki Haley, Lindsey Graham will reportedly call for taking down confederate flag KCCU KCCU Gov. Haley Announces New Push To Remove Confederate Flag In S.C. Businessinsider India Businessinsider India South Carolina\u0027s GOP governor will reportedly call for removing the Confederate ... CNN CNN Nikki Haley calls for removal of Confederate flag from capitol grounds The Republic The Republic Gov. Haley\u0027s call to take down Confederate flag follows years of GOP refusal to ... The Hill The Hill Where the 2016 GOP field stands on the Confederate flag KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Confederate general bust The Week Magazine The Week Magazine 10 things you need to know today: June 23, 2015 The Republic The Republic History of the Confederate flag on Statehouse grounds in South Carolina KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Leaders call for flag\u0027s removal NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate SymbolsABC News ABC NewsSC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down SC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down - ABC News CNN CNNSC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down SC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down - CNN CNN CNNBusinesses and the Confederate flag Businesses and the Confederate flag - CNN Minneapolis Star Tribune Minneapolis Star Tribune SC Gov calls for removing Confederate flag; says church slayings changed what ... Ktoo Ktoo The Complicated Political History Of The Confederate Flag Voice of America Voice of America S. Carolina Governor Urges Removal of Confederate Flag from State Capitol AOL News AOL News Nikki Haley, Lindsey Graham will reportedly call for taking down confederate flag KCCU KCCU Gov. Haley Announces New Push To Remove Confederate Flag In S.C. Businessinsider India Businessinsider India South Carolina\u0027s GOP governor will reportedly call for removing the Confederate ... CNN CNN Nikki Haley calls for removal of Confederate flag from capitol grounds The Republic The Republic Gov. Haley\u0027s call to take down Confederate flag follows years of GOP refusal to ... The Hill The Hill Where the 2016 GOP field stands on the Confederate flag KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Confederate general bust The Week Magazine The Week Magazine 10 things you need to know today: June 23, 2015 The Republic The Republic History of the Confederate flag on Statehouse grounds in South Carolina KTAR.com KTAR.com Latest on church shooting: Leaders call for flag\u0027s removal NBCNews.com NBCNews.com Flags of Some Southern States Still Include Confederate SymbolsSC Governor, State Officials Call for Confederate Flag To Come Down - ABC NewsSC gov. asks for Confederate flag to come down - CNNBusinesses and the Confederate flag - CNNNew York TimesSee realtime coverage Senate Hands a Victory to Obama on Trade Pact New York Times  - ?1 hour ago? WASHINGTON - The Senate narrowly voted Tuesday to end debate on legislation granting President Obama enhanced negotiating powers to complete a major Pacific trade accord, virtually assuring final passage Wednesday of Mr. Obama\u0027s top legislative ... Related United States Senate » Barack Obama » Pacific trade pact moves step nearer after Senate voteReuters Will Ted Cruz\u0027s about-face on trade jeopardize Obama agenda?Christian Science Monitor Trending on Google+:Trade Pact: How The Trans-Pacific Partnership Gives Corporations Special ...International Business Times See all 406 sources » Related United States Senate » Barack Obama »New York Times  - ?1 hour ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Prison Worker\u0027s Husband, on \u0027Today\u0027 Show, Says Escapees Threatened to Kill Him New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? The husband of a prison employee who is accused of aiding two convicted killers in their escape said the inmates threatened to kill him if she did not follow through with their getaway plan. Joyce Mitchell\u0027s husband: Wife swears she didn\u0027t have sex with prison escapees ...New York Daily News Lyle Mitchell Breaks Silence on Wife Joyce Mitchell\u0027s Prison Plot to Free ...Us Magazine Trending on Google+:New York Prison Escape: Joyce Mitchell\u0027s Husband Breaks His SilenceNBCNews.com Opinion:Husband Of Woman Accused Of Helping Prison Escapees: \u0027How Can She Do ...Huffington Post In Depth:Joyce Mitchell\u0027s husband: Escaped murderers would have killed usSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape See all 138 sources »New York Times  - ?2 hours ago?Kansas City StarSee realtime coverage \u0027Eight is Enough\u0027 star Dick Van Patten dies at 86 Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? NEW YORK - Dick Van Patten, the genial, round-faced comic actor who appeared on Broadway as a child, starred on TV in its infancy and then, in middle age, found lasting fame as the patriarch on TV\u0027s “Eight is Enough,” has died. Related Dick Van Patten » Eight Is Enough » Dick Van Patten of TV\u0027s \u0027Eight is Enough\u0027 dies at 86Reuters Dick Van Patten, of \u0027Eight Is Enough,\u0027 dead at 86Fox News Highly Cited:Dick Van Patten, Who Starred in Eight Is Enough and The Love Boat, Dies at 86People Magazine Trending on Google+:Dick Van Patten Is Dead at 86ABC News Opinion:Dick Van Patten, TV patriarch on \u0027Eight is Enough,\u0027 dead at 86The Globe and Mail Wikipedia:Dick Van Patten See all 243 sources » Related Dick Van Patten » Eight Is Enough »Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago?The GuardianSee realtime coverage English Channel Trains Cancelled Amid Calais Chaos New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? PARIS - All trains and many ferry services between Britain and France were cut off Tuesday by striking port workers, stranding hundreds of trucks and thousands of passengers on both sides of the English Channel. Related Calais » Channel Tunnel » Calais fire blockades as strike disrupts Channel crossingsBBC News Chaos at Calais: What we know so farTelegraph.co.uk Live Updating:Eurostar closed: Live updates from Calais as French workers strike amid migrant ...Mirror.co.uk See all 264 sources » Related Calais » Channel Tunnel »New York Times  - ?2 hours ago?ABC NewsSee realtime coverage Skinny Jeans Can Lead to Nerve and Muscle Damage, Doctors Say ABC News  - ?2 hours ago? Doctors are warning potential fashion “victims” to beware of their skinny jeans after one woman suffered muscle and nerve damage from a too tight pair of pants. Doctors warn against dangers of skinny jeans: Don\u0027t squatSan Jose Mercury News Woman Temporarily Paralyzed After Squatting in Skinny Jeans All Day—Get the ...E! Online In Depth:Skinny jean fashion victim suffers damaged nervesCBC.ca See all 463 sources »ABC News  - ?2 hours ago?Los Angeles TimesSee realtime coverage Rain relief is coming as death toll nears 700 in Pakistan heat wave Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago? Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif declared an emergency Tuesday after a three-day heat wave left nearly 700 people dead in the southern port city of Karachi, the country\u0027s largest city. Related Karachi » Pakistan » Pakistani official: Death toll in southern province struck by heat wave reaches 622Washington Post Pakistan heatwave: Karachi hospital \u0027under tremendous pressure\u0027BBC News From Pakistan:Karachi heatwave death toll climbs 750Daily Times Trending on Google+:Pakistan heat wave claims hundreds of livesCNN In Depth:Pakistan heatwave kills 600 as anger focuses on power cutsFinancial Times See all 993 sources » Related Karachi » Pakistan »Los Angeles Times  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Crisis? What crisis? Russia stalls on reform Reuters  - ?39 minutes ago? MOSCOW Russia\u0027s interest rates are high and inflation is racing, but all the while his country slides into recession, President Vladimir Putin denies any economic crisis. Related Russia » North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) » Nato shifts strategy in Europe to deal with Russia threatFinancial Times US announces new tank and artillery deployment in EuropeBBC News In Depth:US sending tanks and armor to EuropeCNN See all 1,577 sources » Related Russia » North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) »Reuters  - ?39 minutes ago?Voice of AmericaSee realtime coverage Obama Speaks Out Against Religious Intolerance Voice of America  - ?1 hour ago? President Barack Obama spoke out against religious prejudice Monday at a White House dinner celebrating the start of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. Related Barack Obama » White House » It\u0027s heart over matter, cooks who fast during Ramadan saygulfnews.com Barack Obama hosts annual Iftar at White HouseHindustan Times Featured:The Holy Hunger Games: A Ramadan rookie\u0027s survival guide to fastingAl-Bawaba In Depth:Ramadan and the Blending of American MuslimsHuffington Post See all 298 sources » Related Barack Obama » White House »Voice of America  - ?1 hour ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Kurdish Fighters Push Closer to ISIS Caliphate\u0027s Capital in Syria NBCNews.com  - ?2 hours ago? Kurdish forces say they seized a military base from ISIS fighters just 30 miles from the self-declared caliphate\u0027s capital city in Syria, another gain in an offensive that is pushing deeper into militant strongholds. Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria » Syrian Kurds, Rebel Groups Now Just 30 Miles From RaqqaVICE News Lashed for smoking, caged for card-playing: This was life under ISISCNN From Syria:Kurds attack ISIS-held military base near RaqqaARA News In Depth:Syria Kurds seize town from Islamic State near its \u0027capital\u0027Reuters See all 712 sources » Related Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant » Syria »NBCNews.com  - ?2 hours ago?NBCNews.comSee realtime coverage Tornado Tears Through Illinois Town NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago? Tornadoes swept across the Midwest overnight, destroying homes and leaving many displaced. The community of Coal City, Illinois was particularly hard hit. Officials: More Than 50 Homes Damaged By Portland TornadoCBS Local The Latest on weather: Gov. Rauner calls storm \u0027devastating\u0027San Francisco Chronicle (subscription) Highly Cited:Antonio Perez, Chicago TribuneChicago Tribune See all 868 sources »NBCNews.com  - ?1 hour ago?Wall Street JournalSee realtime coverage White House to release hostage policy review Wednesday Fox News  - ?1 hour ago? The White House on Wednesday will release its months-long review of U.S. policy for dealing with the families of American hostages. Related Barack Obama » White House » White House Won\u0027t Bar Hostages\u0027 Families From Paying RansomsWall Street Journal Obama to loosen restrictions on private ransoms for hostagesUSA TODAY Highly Cited:White House hostage policy shift announcement coming WednesdayCNN See all 63 sources » Related Barack Obama » White House »Fox News  - ?1 hour ago?USA TODAYSee realtime coverage Poll: Clinton currently leading all Republicans USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? A new poll indicates that Hillary Clinton is not only the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, but a front-runner for the White House itself. Related Hillary Rodham Clinton » Clay endorses Hillary Clinton for PresidentSTLtoday.com Hillary Clinton takes her message of racial reconciliation to MissouriWashington Post (blog) Highly Cited:Jeb Bush goes after Hillary Clinton, de Blasio on educationCNN Trending on Google+:Hillary Clinton Dominates 2016 Democratic Field, Leads GOP RivalsNBCNews.com In Depth:Hillary finds room for race amid cash runFox News See all 371 sources » Related Hillary Rodham Clinton »USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Hack attack: OPM breach could affect up to 18 million Americans Christian Science Monitor  - ?43 minutes ago? An early internal assessment by the Office of Personnel Management warned that the hack on its computer systems may have compromised personal information of up to four times the amount the government first acknowledged. Related United States Office of Personnel Management » United States of America » No One Has Any Idea How Many OPM Records Were StolenWall Street Journal (blog) US data hack may be 4 times larger than the government originally saidCNN In Depth:Computer system that detected massive government data breach could itself be ...Washington Post (blog) See all 122 sources » Related United States Office of Personnel Management » United States of America »Christian Science Monitor  - ?43 minutes ago?CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Investors chase Darden Restaurants\u0027 shares after spin off boost Financial Times  - ?31 minutes ago? Investors devoured shares in Darden Restaurants on Tuesday after the owner of Olive Gardens and other casual dining chains announced plans to spin off some of its properties into a real estate investment trust. Related Darden Restaurants » Olive Garden » Olive Garden sales hotter than its breadsticksCNNMoney Olive Garden sales up as gas prices and discounts fallseattlepi.com In Depth:Olive Garden owner Darden jumps on plan to split off real estateNew York Post See all 153 sources » Related Darden Restaurants » Olive Garden »Financial Times  - ?31 minutes ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage US durable goods orders data suggest manufacturing stabilizing Reuters  - ?2 hours ago? WASHINGTON A gauge of U.S. business investment spending plans rose in May in a tentative sign of stabilization in the manufacturing sector, which has been weak since the late summer of 2014. EconomyUS durable goods for May: economists reactFinancial Times Transports drag down durable goods in MayUSA TODAY In Depth:US core capital goods orders rise; transportation orders fallEconomic Times See all 168 sources »Reuters  - ?2 hours ago?CBC.caSee realtime coverage BlackBerry Falls as Handset Sales Slump, CEO Says Not for Sale Bloomberg  - ?17 minutes ago? BlackBerry Ltd. slipped as much as 4.2 percent after posting a wider-than-anticipated quarterly loss and handsets shipments at the lowest since 2007 even as the new keyboard-equipped Classic phone went on sale. Related BlackBerry Limited » BlackBerry Not Ready to Give Up on Smartphones YetWall Street Journal (blog) BlackBerry shares slump despite higher 1st-quarter profitCBC.ca Highly Cited:BlackBerry to be paid a license fee by Cisco as part of patent cross-licensing pactMorningstar.com In Depth:BlackBerry touts enterprise software salesComputerworld See all 228 sources » Related BlackBerry Limited »Bloomberg  - ?17 minutes ago?Boston GlobeSee realtime coverage Lack of inventory blamed for sluggish Mass. home sales in May Boston Globe  - ?3 hours ago? Single family-home sales in Massachusetts declined in May compared to the previous year while prices remained steady, a Boston real estate tracking firm reported Tuesday. Home Sales Surge as Prices Pick UpU.S. News \u0026 World Report US Housing Market perked up in MayNYC Today See all 351 sources »Boston Globe  - ?3 hours ago?VentureBeatSee realtime coverage Amazon Echo is now open for pre-orders to anyone in the US for $180, ships ... VentureBeat  - ?4 hours ago? Got email marketing? We\u0027ve got best practices from LivingSocial and estate sale guru Everything But The House in our next Insight webinar. Related Amazon.com, Inc. » Amazon Echo » Get an Amazon Echo Without an InvitePC Magazine Amazon Crams Virtual Assistant into New \u0027Echo\u0027 SpeakerMaximum PC Opinion:No longer invitation only: Amazon Echo available to all customersUSA TODAY In Depth:Now You Can Buy Amazon\u0027s Artificially Intelligent Robot SpeakersFast Company See all 66 sources » Related Amazon.com, Inc. » Amazon Echo »VentureBeat  - ?4 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Instagram Takes On Twitter With an Updated Photo Feed New York Times  - ?39 minutes ago? MENLO PARK, Calif. - Kevin Systrom says he has no interest in leaving Instagram to run Twitter, despite the hopes of some on Wall Street that he would consider the job. Related Instagram » Instagram overhauls its search features to focus on trendsMashable Instagram to make it easier to discover trendsFinancial Times In Depth:Instagram Debuts New Search and Discovery to Rival TwitterWired See all 17 sources » Related Instagram »New York Times  - ?39 minutes ago?Slate MagazineSee realtime coverage Defense Department Working On Hoverbikes: Video Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago? Fans of the Star Wars movies need no convincing of the virtues of a hoverbike, and it appears neither does the military. The Department of Defense is teaming up with Malloy Aeronautics to turn the British engineering firm\u0027s hoverbike concept into a reality, with ... Related United States Department of Defense » United States Army » United States of America » US military to develop Star Wars-style hoverbikesThe Guardian Video: The US Army is being equipped with these futuristic hoverbikesQuartz Trending on Google+:Hover into battle: US military strikes deal to develop hoverbike techCNET In Depth:US Department of Defense to build UK hoverbikeFirstpost See all 73 sources » Related United States Department of Defense » United States Army » United States of America »Washington Post  - ?1 hour ago?CNNMoneySee realtime coverage Google testing a cardiac sensor wristband CNNMoney  - ?33 minutes ago? google cardiac ECG sensor Google is testing a new connected wristband capable of taking ECG and measuring environmental stressors. Related Google » Google unveils sensor-laden health wearable for monitoring patients in clinical ...VentureBeat Google\u0027s New Health Wearable Delivers Constant Patient MonitoringTechCrunch See all 7 sources » Related Google »CNNMoney  - ?33 minutes ago?TIMESee realtime coverage Horner brought wonder, magic to movie music USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago? James Horner might not have gotten top billing for his film work, but his name in the credits meant something: wonder, mystery, magic. Related James Horner » Titanic » Academy Awards » Listen to Some of James Horner\u0027s Greatest Movie MusicTIME Renowned \"Titanic\" composer\u0027s historic careerCBS News Trending on Google+:James Horner, Film Composer for \u0027Titanic\u0027 and \u0027Braveheart,\u0027 Dies in Plane CrashHollywood Reporter In Depth:James Horner: 10 of the famed composer\u0027s most memorable scoresCBC.ca Wikipedia:James Horner See all 1,004 sources » Related James Horner » Titanic » Academy Awards »USA TODAY  - ?1 hour ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Music mogul Diddy accused of assault Herald Sun  - ?1 hour ago? HIP-HOP music mogul Diddy has been released from jail after being accused of assault with a kettlebell at the University of California, where his son plays football. Related Sean Combs » University of California, Los Angeles » Alleged Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs\u0027 target Sal Alosi cuts an intense imageLos Angeles Times 50 Cent mocks Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs after arrestPhilly.com (blog) Trending on Google+:Diddy Arrested After Fight with UCLA Football CoachTMZ.com In Depth:Sean \u0027Diddy\u0027 Combs facing charges for assault and terrorist threatsSan Jose Mercury News Wikipedia:Sean Combs See all 1,140 sources » Related Sean Combs » University of California, Los Angeles »Herald Sun  - ?1 hour ago?Hollywood ReporterSee realtime coverage New Kids On The Block through the years Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago? New Kids On The Block in 1991 performed at Tampa Stadium for Super Bowl XXV. Pictured (left to right): Danny Wood, Donnie Wahlberg, Jordan Knight, Joey McIntyre and Jonathan Knight. Related Mark Wahlberg » Watch Mark Wahlberg Reunite With New Kids on the Block for the First Time in ...Hollywood Reporter Mark Wahlberg joins New Kids on the Block on stage at Madison Square Garden ...New York Daily News See all 23 sources » Related Mark Wahlberg »Boston.com  - ?1 hour ago?Washington PostSee realtime coverage This Just In: And your new big-screen Spider-Man is…Tom Holland. Washington Post  - ?29 minutes ago? For the first time on the big screen, Marvel Studios has had a say in casting its Peter Parker. And the newest webslinger in the longtime Sony franchise is… Tom Holland. Related Spider-Man » Tom Holland announced as the new Spider-ManEntertainment Weekly (blog) Brit Tom Holland is announced as the new Marvel SpidermanBBC News See all 341 sources » Related Spider-Man »Washington Post  - ?29 minutes ago?New York Daily NewsSee realtime coverage NFL commissioner Roger Goodell set to needle Tom Brady over DeflateGate New York Daily News  - ?14 hours ago? Tom Brady has had an amazing offseason after winning his fourth Super Bowl: He\u0027s jumped off a cliff in Costa Rica, played golf with Rory McIlroy, basketball and golf with Michael Jordan, taken batting practice off Pedro Martinez and attended the Kentucky ... Related Tom Brady » National Football League » Tom Brady states his case under oath to Roger GoodellWashington Post (blog) Tom Brady appeals \u0027Deflate-gate\u0027 suspension in hearingMSNBC Highly Cited:Tom Brady\u0027s appeal: What\u0027s at stake for all parties involved?NFL.com See all 518 sources » Related Tom Brady » National Football League »New York Daily News  - ?14 hours ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage A Rejuvenated China Is the Americans\u0027 Next Opponent in the Women\u0027s World Cup New York Times  - ?3 hours ago? EDMONTON, Alberta - Han Peng was 9 years old when China lost to the United States on penalty kicks in an epic championship match at the 1999 Women\u0027s World Cup. Related United States of America » FIFA Women\u0027s World Cup » Alex Morgan » \u0027Purposefully\u0027 giving out yellow cards? Yeah, Abby Wambach went there.Washington Post (blog) USA blows past Colombia into the quarterfinals of the women\u0027s World Cup - 3 ...For The Win Opinion:FIFA must ban Abby Wambach for comments: LarsonToronto Sun In Depth:Women\u0027s World Cup: USWNT hopes in the balance?CNN Live Updating:Women\u0027s World Cup 2015 live updates: Japan vs NetherlandsOregonLive.com See all 976 sources » Related United States of America » FIFA Women\u0027s World Cup » Alex Morgan »New York Times  - ?3 hours ago?ESPNSee realtime coverage Celtics president Danny Ainge wants to move up in NBA draft ESPN  - ?1 hour ago? WALTHAM, Mass. -- Boston Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge said his team is exploring the possibility of moving up in the draft and is hopeful to utilize Boston\u0027s surplus of draft picks to target desired talent. Related Boston Celtics » National Basketball Association » Danny Ainge: Celtics trying to move up in NBA draftBoston Herald Report: Celtics offer Smart, picks to Sixers for Noel and lottery pickFOXSports.com In Depth:Draft night is a lesson in patience for the CelticsBoston.com See all 109 sources » Related Boston Celtics » National Basketball Association »ESPN  - ?1 hour ago?Bleacher ReportSee realtime coverage Players Who Have Played for George Karl Love Tweeting \u0027Snake in the Grass\u0027 Bleacher Report  - ?2 hours ago? No matter how you slice it, it\u0027s eerie to see that a half-dozen NBA players who have played on George Karl-coached teams have tweeted nearly identical messages about \"snakes in the grass\" in recent years. Related DeMarcus Cousins » Sacramento Kings » Los Angeles Lakers » DeMarcus Cousins: DeMarcus Cousins asked for trade a month agoRotoworld.com George Karl wants to trade DeMarcus Cousins, but the Kings owner and GM ...Washington Post (blog) Highly Cited:George Karl wants to trade DeMarcus Cousins, but Kings owner won\u0027t allow itESPN In Depth:Dysfunctional Kings give Lakers hope for DeMarcus CousinsNew York Post See all 241 sources » Related DeMarcus Cousins » Sacramento Kings » Los Angeles Lakers »Bleacher Report  - ?2 hours ago?NPRSee realtime coverage Dwarf planet Ceres reveals pyramid-shaped mystery CNN  - ?42 minutes ago? (CNN) OK, this is just too much. First, NASA\u0027s Dawn probe spotted curiously sparkly bright spots on the surface of Ceres, the dwarf planet that lies in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Related NASA » Ceres Has A Mysterious Lonely Mountain (But No Dragon)Forbes NASA Flummoxed By Dwarf Planet\u0027s Bright Spots, \u0027Pyramid-Shaped Peak\u0027NPR Trending on Google+:\u0027Pyramid\u0027 spotted on surface of CeresDaily Mail Opinion:Ceres\u0027 Bright Spots Continue to Mystify AstronomersGizmodo See all 71 sources » Related NASA »CNN  - ?42 minutes ago?IBNLiveSee realtime coverage First modern humans had close Neanderthal relatives Fox News Latino  - ?4 hours ago? The first modern humans in Europe had a Neanderthal ancestor just four to six generations back in his family line, a study published in the journal Nature said. Scientists believe early Europeans interbred with NeanderthalsLivemint Modern humans had sex with Neanderthals in EuropeBusiness Standard Highly Cited:Modern humans and Neanderthals \u0027interbred in Europe\u0027BBC News In Depth:DNA analysis of 40000 years old jawbone suggests that Humans interbred with ...Economic Times See all 130 sources »Fox News Latino  - ?4 hours ago?Los Angeles TimesSee realtime coverage EPA report cites benefits of limiting emissions, climate change Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago? Reducing the greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change could prevent tens of thousands of deaths and hundreds of billions in economic losses in the United States, according to a new study by the Environmental Protection Agency. Climate change health risk is a \u0027medical emergency\u0027, experts warnFox News Report: Climate Change Creating Global \u0027Medical Emergency\u0027CBS Local Highly Cited:Obama Administration Releases Report on the Health and Economic Benefits of ...Whitehouse.gov (press release) In Depth:Inaction on climate change would cost billions, major EPA study findsThe Australian Financial Review See all 513 sources »Los Angeles Times  - ?3 hours ago?Christian Science MonitorSee realtime coverage Solar storm brings spectacular aurora to parts of United States Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago? Residents in Colorado, Georgia, Virginia, and Arkansas were treated to an unusual celestial display Monday night. By Sarah Caspari, Staff writer June 23, 2015. Related Solar storm of 1859 » Solar storm that hit Earth could bring northern lights as far south as IowaWDJT Will we see auroras here Wednesday night?WCPO Trending on Google+:Huge solar storm hits Earth: power grid and GPS could be disrupted, but auroras ...The Independent In Depth:Big solar storm smacks Earth, may allow more to see aurorasEconomic Times See all 106 sources » Related Solar storm of 1859 »Christian Science Monitor  - ?1 hour ago?ReutersSee realtime coverage Medical marijuana: good evidence for some diseases, weak for others Reuters  - ?1 hour ago? (Reuters Health) - Moderate- or high-quality evidence supports the use of marijuana for some medical conditions, but not for others, according to a fresh review of past research. Related Medical cannabis » Study: Scant evidence that medical pot helps many illnessesFox News Here\u0027s What Science Says About Medical MarijuanaTIME See all 73 sources » Related Medical cannabis »Reuters  - ?1 hour ago?UPI.comSee realtime coverage Blood pressure medication may stop drug, alcohol addiction UPI.com  - ?56 minutes ago? Hitoshi Morikawa and his team have discovered that an FDA-approved antihypertensive drug can stop cocaine or alcohol addiction in rats. Related Alcoholism » An FDA-approved drug may be the new cure for addictionConsumerAffairs Antihypertension Med May Also Treat Drug, Alcohol AddictionPsychiatry Advisor See all 11 sources » Related Alcoholism »UPI.com  - ?56 minutes ago?New York TimesSee realtime coverage Labels for Edible Marijuana Often Err on Potency, Study Says New York Times  - ?2 hours ago? An analysis of 75 edible marijuana products sold to patients in Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles found that labels on just 17 percent accurately described their levels of THC, the main psychoactive ingredient, researchers reported Tuesday. Related Medical cannabis » Tetrahydrocannabinol » Cannabis » The trouble with edibles: Many fail to deliver the promised dosage of marijuanaWashington Post (blog) Potency labels often wrong on medical-marijuana edibles, study findsThe Seattle Times Highly Cited:How Much Does Marijuana Impact Your Driving?TIME In Depth:Medical Marijuana Is Often Less Potent Than AdvertisedNPR See all 17 sources » Related Medical cannabis » Tetrahydrocannabinol » Cannabis »New York Times  - ?2 hours ago?CNNSee realtime coverage Fat is back: New guidelines give vilified nutrient a reprieve CNN  - ?48 minutes ago? (CNN) Fatty foods may be making a comeback. The latest version of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, which is due out later this year, could contain a number of big changes in its recommendations, not the least of which is an exoneration of fat. Related Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion » Dietary Guidelines for Americans Shouldn\u0027t Place Limits on Total Fat IntakeNewswise (press release) The 2015 US Dietary Guidelines: Lifting the Ban on Total Dietary FatJAMA: The Journal of the American Medical Association See all 4 sources » Related Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion »CNN  - ?48 minutes ago?Today 67° 53° Wed 65° 54° Thu 71° 56° Fri 66° 56°Today YesterdayMLB  ATL 1435100700 WASCIN 1435100700 PITPHI 1435100700 NYYBAL 1435101000 BOSTOR 1435101000 TBDET 1435101000 CLESTL 1435101000 MIALAD 1435104300 CHCOAK 1435104300 TEXCHW 1435104600 MINNYM 1435104600 MILARI 1435106400 COLHOU 1435111500 LAAKC 1435111800 SEASD 1435112100 SFMLB  PHI 11-8 Final NYYDET 8-5 Final CLETOR 8-5 Final TBLAD 2-4 Final CHCCHW 2-13 Final MINHOU 3-4 Final LAAKC 4-1 Final SEA -   ","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2015,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":23,"hourOfDay":17,"minute":29,"second":18},"articleSource":"https://news.google.com/"}
