{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JAN FEB MAR 3 2005 2006 2007 12,904 captures 7 Oct 01 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpJAN FEB MAR 3 2005 2006 2007JAN FEB MAR32005 2006 200712,904 captures 7 Oct 01 - 2 Feb 16The Internet home of:SYMBOL LOOK-UP Entire Site Fortune Money Business 2.0 Fortune Small Business WebSYMBOL LOOK-UP Entire Site Fortune Money Business 2.0 Fortune Small Business WebHOME NEWS MARKETS TECHNOLOGY JOBS \u0026 ECONOMY PERSONAL FINANCE AUTOS REAL ESTATE SMALL BUSINESS LISTSBigger paychecks coming your way? 3:54pm People on Main Street would cheer but Wall Street, and the Fed, are starting to worry about upward pressure on wages. (more) ? Your job 2006 Brutal day on Wall Street 6:12pm: Major gauges slump as drop in productivity stokes inflation fears, profit-taking; Dow down 100 points. (more) ? Productivity drop first in 5 years ? Check after-hours quotes Best places to live: Rural America 2:56pm: Progressive Farmer crunches the numbers and picks the nation\u0027s top rural counties on price, pollution, education, recreation and more. (more) Amazon.com: Back to the books 10:54pm: Jeff Bezos is getting into blogs and TV shows so he can add to the $1 billion in book, CD, and DVD sales. (more) ? Profit falls ? Blog helps authors reach readers Latest News Last Update: 10:55pm ? ConAgra selling Butterball, Armour meat brands ? Oil tumbles back below $65 | Check crude ? Mortgage rates leap higher ? Ex-General Re, AIG execs charged with fraud ? The Watergate goes condo...will other hotels too? ? Burger King holders plan whopper dividend ? Advertisers want Super Bowl laughs | Ad gallery ? BlackBerry shutdown worries U.S. | Wireless wars ? Truckers to Coke: Can the Super Bowl ad! ? Millionaires in the Making | When will you get there? All of today\u0027s headlines Companies See no evil, hear no evil: Enron hid losses, witness says 6:26pm: Former head of investor relations says company shifted losses from retail business to other unit without appropriate disclosure. (more) ? Black \u0026 Decker again faces $140M tax case ? NLRB rules FedEx drivers are employees - union ? Jenny Craig has appetite for sale Technology ? Electronic Arts cuts several hundred jobs ? That\u0027s rich: Ellison in debt, Gates dunned for taxes Personal Finance ? Dumb money moves people make ? Getting help with your heating bills Small Biz ? Startups: Start last, finish first ? Jesus Inc.: Serving God and Mammon Specials Business 2.0 101 dumbest moments in business Notorious former mental institutions being converted into high-end condos. Candy bars with curious names. And more stupidity. (more) LISTS: ? 100 best employers ? Fortune 500 ? Best places to live ? Money 65: Best funds More Specials on CNNMoney.com Fastest-growing techs Global 500 Cool Wheels: Detroit Auto Show Best places to retire Succeed 2006: 33 moves Eyes on the Fed Your Job 2006 Best mutual funds Earnings: by the numbers Video » Browse/Search Spotting online fakes Tiffany is suing eBay for allowing the sale of fake goods. Danielle Romano of dailycandy.com tells what to watch out for. (more) Commentary Taking off the blinders Could Americans\u0027 unawareness of developments overseas turn out to be a major economic disadvantage? (more) More From: FORTUNE ? The War for Top Talent ? Beat the High Cost of Gasoline. Forever! ? Mastering the Art of Disruption BUSINESS 2.0 ? Key advice from Buffett, Spitzer, others... ? A coming-out party for 3G ? Bubble-era buyouts are back ? Jack McCallum: Fan All-Star votes misguided by emotion ? The 10 most notorious Super Bowl scandals ? Polamalu \u0027tweaks\u0027 ankle at Steelers practice MONEY ? 5 extreme portfolio makeovers ? Do It Now: Check your insurance ? 3 rules for a happy retirement FSB ? What bloggers think about your business ? Customer surveys on the cheap ? Beating the high cost of healthcare ? Gunmen make kidnap threats over Mohammad cartoon ? Congress votes to extend Patriot Act ? Should ethics committee be abolished? Markets: Actives Gainers Losers Commodities Currencies Quick Vote Is the recent drop in productivity a worrisome sign of inflationary pressure?   Yes   No   Need more info or View results Special Offer:Bigger paychecks coming your way? 3:54pm People on Main Street would cheer but Wall Street, and the Fed, are starting to worry about upward pressure on wages. (more) ? Your job 2006Brutal day on Wall Street 6:12pm: Major gauges slump as drop in productivity stokes inflation fears, profit-taking; Dow down 100 points. (more) ? Productivity drop first in 5 years ? Check after-hours quotes Best places to live: Rural America 2:56pm: Progressive Farmer crunches the numbers and picks the nation\u0027s top rural counties on price, pollution, education, recreation and more. (more) Amazon.com: Back to the books 10:54pm: Jeff Bezos is getting into blogs and TV shows so he can add to the $1 billion in book, CD, and DVD sales. (more) ? Profit falls ? Blog helps authors reach readers Latest News Last Update: 10:55pm ? ConAgra selling Butterball, Armour meat brands ? Oil tumbles back below $65 | Check crude ? Mortgage rates leap higher ? Ex-General Re, AIG execs charged with fraud ? The Watergate goes condo...will other hotels too? ? Burger King holders plan whopper dividend ? Advertisers want Super Bowl laughs | Ad gallery ? BlackBerry shutdown worries U.S. | Wireless wars ? Truckers to Coke: Can the Super Bowl ad! ? Millionaires in the Making | When will you get there? All of today\u0027s headlinesCompanies See no evil, hear no evil: Enron hid losses, witness says 6:26pm: Former head of investor relations says company shifted losses from retail business to other unit without appropriate disclosure. (more) ? Black \u0026 Decker again faces $140M tax case ? NLRB rules FedEx drivers are employees - union ? Jenny Craig has appetite for sale Technology ? Electronic Arts cuts several hundred jobs ? That\u0027s rich: Ellison in debt, Gates dunned for taxes Personal Finance ? Dumb money moves people make ? Getting help with your heating bills Small Biz ? Startups: Start last, finish first ? Jesus Inc.: Serving God and Mammon Specials Business 2.0 101 dumbest moments in business Notorious former mental institutions being converted into high-end condos. Candy bars with curious names. And more stupidity. (more) LISTS: ? 100 best employers ? Fortune 500 ? Best places to live ? Money 65: Best funds More Specials on CNNMoney.com Fastest-growing techs Global 500 Cool Wheels: Detroit Auto Show Best places to retire Succeed 2006: 33 moves Eyes on the Fed Your Job 2006 Best mutual funds Earnings: by the numbers Video » Browse/Search Spotting online fakes Tiffany is suing eBay for allowing the sale of fake goods. Danielle Romano of dailycandy.com tells what to watch out for. (more) Commentary Taking off the blinders Could Americans\u0027 unawareness of developments overseas turn out to be a major economic disadvantage? (more)? 100 best employers ? Fortune 500? Best places to live ? Money 65: Best fundsFORTUNE ? The War for Top Talent ? Beat the High Cost of Gasoline. Forever! ? Mastering the Art of Disruption BUSINESS 2.0 ? Key advice from Buffett, Spitzer, others... ? A coming-out party for 3G ? Bubble-era buyouts are back ? Jack McCallum: Fan All-Star votes misguided by emotion ? The 10 most notorious Super Bowl scandals ? Polamalu \u0027tweaks\u0027 ankle at Steelers practice MONEY ? 5 extreme portfolio makeovers ? Do It Now: Check your insurance ? 3 rules for a happy retirement FSB ? What bloggers think about your business ? Customer surveys on the cheap ? Beating the high cost of healthcare ? Gunmen make kidnap threats over Mohammad cartoon ? Congress votes to extend Patriot Act ? Should ethics committee be abolished?FORTUNE ? The War for Top Talent ? Beat the High Cost of Gasoline. Forever! ? Mastering the Art of DisruptionBUSINESS 2.0 ? Key advice from Buffett, Spitzer, others... ? A coming-out party for 3G ? Bubble-era buyouts are back? Jack McCallum: Fan All-Star votes misguided by emotion ? The 10 most notorious Super Bowl scandals ? Polamalu \u0027tweaks\u0027 ankle at Steelers practiceMONEY ? 5 extreme portfolio makeovers ? Do It Now: Check your insurance ? 3 rules for a happy retirementFSB ? What bloggers think about your business ? Customer surveys on the cheap ? Beating the high cost of healthcare? Gunmen make kidnap threats over Mohammad cartoon ? Congress votes to extend Patriot Act ? Should ethics committee be abolished?Is the recent drop in productivity a worrisome sign of inflationary pressure?   Yes   No   Need more infoor View resultsCopyright © 2006 BigCharts.com Inc. All rights reserved. Please see our Terms of Use. MarketWatch, the MarketWatch logo, and BigCharts are registered trademarks of MarketWatch, Inc. Intraday data is at least 15-minutes delayed. All Times are ET. Intraday data provided by ComStock, an Interactive Data Company and subject to the Terms of Use. Historical, current end-of-day data, and splits data provided by FT Interactive Data. WorldScope/IBES data provided by Thomson Financial Solutions. SEC Filings data provided by EDGAR-Online. Earnings dates provided by WallStreetHorizon.com.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2006,"month":1,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":41,"second":8},"articleSource":"http://money.cnn.com/"}
