{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A letter of appreciation for the font to the director of Avatar. “The Windows font I once used on a 5th grade paper about Egypt is now everywhere.”Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Baby runs the gauntlet from about to fall asleep, to rocking out hard, and then back to falling asleep. Also note the skull and bones pacifier…certified badass! Watch Video ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Portable black and white televisions?! Beta-max camcorders?! Personal servant robots?! If the tech at the 2010 CES is half as amazing as the tech was in 1983, it\u0027s going to be a great year. Watch Video ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.“Jersey Shore” star Pauly D. tweets about showing Ashton Kutcher how to get a proper blowout. Here’s an animated reenactment of this magical encounter.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.This Japanese boy band video features sensual armpit cleaning and guys with Bam-Bam hair.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Metaphysical spoiler alert: Psychic predictions for the stars in 2010, including Liz Taylor dying, Clooney marrying, and *gasp!* Tiger’s wife filing for divorce.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.What\u0027s a white guy to do when he awkwardly finds himself in a crowd full of black folks? KFC has the answer. Watch Video ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.He\u0027s back! View Image ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Here’s some recent posts and contributions that have received gold stars from our editors.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.LukeyWes1234 is an uncharacteristically likable young YouTuber whose life was changed this week when 4chan decided to give him some more-or-less genuine encouragement. 15,000 subscribers and countless tribute videos later, and LukeyWes is a budding Internet superstar. Here\u0027s to your 15 minutes, Lukey Dub. UPDATE: After suspending his account, YouTube is about to feel the wrath of his 4chan supporters in the form of YouTube Porn Day! Good job, Internet.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.I know I\u0027ve been posting way too much about this whole Westboro Baptist Church vs. Lady Gaga thing, but this is seriously too good. The “God hates you” line is amaaazing. View Embed ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Just like all the other Fox Networks. But things are looking pretty spicy at the Fiesta Bowl! View Image ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.The Johnson and Johnson heir and, more recently, Tila Tequila\u0027s fiance died this morning in LA. Tila asks for your privacy at this time.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Casey Johnson, who was said to be engaged to reality star Tila Tequila, was found dead at the age of 30 on Monday morning in Los Angeles. She was also an heiress to the Johnson \u0026 Johnson fortune.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Boise State\u0027s cowbell player doesn\u0027t look like she\u0027s enjoying herself at the big bowl game. That, and she will haunt you in your dreams. Watch Video ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.These are the top posts from Monday, January 4, 2010.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.A fledgling tumblog dedicated to chronicling the many ways, shapes, and forms in which nobody likes you. Because seriously, nobody likes you. Here\u0027s why.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.This year\u0027s crotchety list of words you shouldn\u0027t use includes “tweet,” “app” and “friend” (as a verb). So: unlikely. 100% behind them on “chillaxin,” though.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.If you Tweet at the Newark mayor that you\u0027re worried about your dad shoveling snow, Cory B will go do the shoveling himself. At least that\u0027s what he did this weekend. View List ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Woman plays The Well Tempered Clavier upside down with her hands crossed…just how JSB would have wanted it played. Watch Video ›Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Or: How To Drive On Ice In The Most Entertaining Way Possible. (Note: prob not the safest way.)Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.A little boy\u0027s Christmas was ruined when the used PSP he received had an obscene, persistent photo of a penis on it. Unexpected penises popping up everywhere are nothing new. But it\u0027s a slow news day. Watch the news report here.Thanks for Registering! Before you can vote or contribute we need to quickly validate your email address. We’ve sent you a confirmation email with instructions. If you don’t receive the email in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.It looks like you\u0027ve been disconnected from Facebook. Click the Facebook Connect button to reconnect.Join Comedy Central, Publicis, DonQ and others who are using BuzzFeed’s Viral Advertising Platform to get the viral lift for their campaigns.Get The Lift ›Wired recently held a readers poll for the sexiest geeks of 20…GOING VIRAL ONAsylum.comMetaphysical spoiler alert: Psychic predictions for the stars …GOING VIRAL ONWonderwallTrain-wreck heiress Casey Johnson — the wild-child daughter o…GOING VIRAL ONNew York Poston An Open Letter to James Cameron From Papyrus Fonton Avatar Sex Sceneon Avatar Sex Sceneon Avatar Sex Sceneon Avatardon Avatardon Google Nexus Oneon Google Nexus Oneon Google Nexus Oneon Poochinski, The Reincarnated Detectiveon Poochinski, The Reincarnated Detective","h1":"BuzzFeedthe viral web in realtimeThe BuzzFeed Viral Lift",".title":"Banned Words Of 20102010 \u003d 1+2-(3-4-5)*6*7*8-9Gwen Stefani In A BikiniTiger Woods’ Shirtless Vanity Fair CoverPartner BuzzSites Making Buzz","h2":"The Viral Web in RealtimeAn Open Letter to James Cameron From Papyrus FontHardcore BabyThe Hottest New Technology Of 1983Pauly D. Gives Ashton Kutcher A BlowoutFlamboyantly Gay Boy Band VideoPsychic Predictions For The StarsKFC’s Racist Cricket AdCrasher Seal Strikes AgainFeatured Gold Star Posts - Tuesday, January 5, 2010.LukeyWes1234Westboro Baptist Church’s “Poker Face” ParodyFox Sports Needs SpellcheckCasey Johnson Dead At 30Tila Tequila\u0027s Fiancee Casey Johnson DiesBoise State\u0027s Sad Cowbell GirlTop 5 Buzz List - Jan 4thNobody Likes YouBanned Words Of 2010Cory Booker Is The Best MayorPlaying Bach Upside DownWoman Casually Exits Moving CarPSP-nisRelative Prices Of Different LiquidsPartner BuzzFeatured PartnersSites Making BuzzGwen Stefani In A BikiniTiger Shoots Green for Annie - NYPOST.comNude Model Goes Un-Airbrushed On Marie Claire Cover (PHOTO)All Hail The Burj DubaiQ-tip Heiress Casey Johnson Dead At 30UPDATE: Tila Tequila Fiancee Casey Johnson Found Dead","h3":"Advertise on BuzzFeedReaders Ask To See Olivia Munn’s Geek CardPsychic Predictions For The StarsQ-tip Heiress Casey Johnson Dead At 30papyruswatch.comreelzchannel.comhuffingtonpost.comio9.comurbandictionary.comblogs.sltrib.comtechcrunch.comengadget.comnytimes.comimdb.comohhaveyouseenthis.blogsp...",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Share This \u0026 Help It Go ViralThanks for sharing! Why not tell some other friends?Oops! We had a problem sending your message. Please try again later.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?RespondLove?Your Reaction?Make It ViralRebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?RespondLove?Your Reaction?Make It ViralRebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?Share ItRespond  RebuzzI know, right? And there’s more where that came from.Totally! And there’s plenty more to love!Broken hearted? Maybe you’ll like something over here instead?Oops. It looks like you’ve already voted.Oh, Darn. You can only vote for up to three badges.Please Validate Your EmailReconnect?","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 5 2008 2010 2011 12,972 captures 21 Sep 02 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 5 2008 2010 2011DEC JAN FEB52008 2010 201112,972 captures 21 Sep 02 - 3 Feb 16Viral LiftSeedAsk Men Asylum A.V. Club Best Week Ever CeleBuzz Coed Magazine College Humor LadyData Elle The Fab Life The Frisky Huffington Post Just Jared Neatorama Nerve Newser NY Post OK Magazine Popeater The Superficial Time Urlesque Videogum Woman’s Day Wonderwall","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2010,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":23,"minute":25,"second":6},"articleSource":"http://www.buzzfeed.com/"}
