{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Prime Minister Ehud Olmert will wait until Sunday to obtain his cabinet’s approval of the resolution. Until then, the Israeli offensive will continue.A nearly obsessive focus on the Sept. 11 attacks may have prevented the government from combating new threats effectively, experts say.Orlando International Airport is the site of the nation’s only express security program, which lets prescreened fliers whisk through a special lane.The British police guarded the home of two of the suspects in Birmingham, England, after a series of raids.Re-entry programs are transforming the way the criminal justice system deals with repeat offenders.Businesses have spent millions on campaigns to persuade voters in six dry Southern states to legalize alcohol sales.The affable star of “The Mike Douglas Show” had many luminaries on the air, including Richard Nixon.Iran is pressing Shiite militias in Iraq to increase attacks in retaliation for the Israeli assault on Lebanon.Will new rules for foreign takeovers make deals easier or harder?Technology Editor Kevin McKenna answers questions this week.From Albany to East Aurora, Route 20 is a visual encyclopedia of American building types.\"That rarest of marvels — an American fiction film that wears its political heart on its sleeve,\" says Manohla Dargis.The iconic Glass House in New Canaan, Conn., will soon be open for visitors.Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More DetailsThis exceptional roadster from Mazda is more Miata than the Miata it replaces.Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events.You’re resigning, not collecting an Oscar, so keep those parting words brief.Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and SchoolsWhere George Clooney likes to eat in Lake Como","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"U.N. Council Backs Measure to Halt War in Lebanon",".snippet":"","h4":"Dealbook »Talk to the Newsroom »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Escapes »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comWorld »Movies »Multimedia/Photos »Travel »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Focused on 9/11, U.S. Is Seen to Lag on New ThreatsPrescreening Draws Interest as Lines Grow at TerminalsQaeda Ties Reported in Air PlotHelp for the Hardest Part of Prison: Staying OutAcross South, Push Is On to Make Dry Areas WetMike Douglas, TV Host and Pop Singer, Dies at 81U.S. Ambassador Says Iran Is Inciting AttacksChina\u0027s Shift on M\u0026ATechnology CoverageForeign Ministers Descend on U.N. for Mideast VoteWilliams, Jankovic, Dementieva Reach LA SemisIndians 4, Royals 3Israel Expands Offensive in LebanonOn Route 20, Where the Past Is PresentHalf NelsonTreading Gently on Hallowed Ground110 Central Park South2006 MX-5I\u0027d Also Like to Thank...Trinity College Summer SchoolsA Resort-to-Be Has an Egyptian BackerMovie Minutes: \u0027World Trade Center\u0027Summer in the City: A Sense of Purpose36 Hours in Provincetown, Mass.About UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 12 2005 2006 2007 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 12 2005 2006 2007JUL AUG SEP122005 2006 200732,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Since 1981 NYT 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC GuideJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsU.N. Council Backs Measure to Halt War in Lebanon By WARREN HOGE and STEVEN ERLANGER 38 minutes ago Prime Minister Ehud Olmert will wait until Sunday to obtain his cabinet’s approval of the resolution. Until then, the Israeli offensive will continue. Video: Situation in Lebanon Go to Complete Coverage » Focused on 9/11, U.S. Is Seen to Lag on New Threats By ERIC LIPTON and MATTHEW L. WALD 26 minutes ago A nearly obsessive focus on the Sept. 11 attacks may have prevented the government from combating new threats effectively, experts say. Prescreening Draws Interest as Lines Grow at Terminals By ABBY GOODNOUGH 43 minutes ago Orlando International Airport is the site of the nation’s only express security program, which lets prescreened fliers whisk through a special lane. Jonathan Player for The New York Times Qaeda Ties Reported in Air Plot The British police guarded the home of two of the suspects in Birmingham, England, after a series of raids. Help for the Hardest Part of Prison: Staying Out By ERIK ECKHOLM 38 minutes ago Re-entry programs are transforming the way the criminal justice system deals with repeat offenders. Across South, Push Is On to Make Dry Areas Wet By MELANIE WARNER 39 minutes ago Businesses have spent millions on campaigns to persuade voters in six dry Southern states to legalize alcohol sales. Mike Douglas, TV Host and Pop Singer, Dies at 81 By TIM WEINER 46 minutes ago The affable star of “The Mike Douglas Show” had many luminaries on the air, including Richard Nixon. U.S. Ambassador Says Iran Is Inciting Attacks By EDWARD WONG 10:18 PM ET Iran is pressing Shiite militias in Iraq to increase attacks in retaliation for the Israeli assault on Lebanon. An Audit Sharply Criticizes Iraq’s Bookkeeping Go to Complete Coverage »   Dealbook » China\u0027s Shift on M\u0026A Will new rules for foreign takeovers make deals easier or harder? Talk to the Newsroom » Technology Coverage Technology Editor Kevin McKenna answers questions this week. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Foreign Ministers Descend on U.N. for Mideast Vote 21 minutes ago Williams, Jankovic, Dementieva Reach LA Semis 21 minutes ago Indians 4, Royals 3 23 minutes ago Israel Expands Offensive in Lebanon 24 minutes ago Escapes » On Route 20, Where the Past Is Present From Albany to East Aurora, Route 20 is a visual encyclopedia of American building types. Movies » Half Nelson \"That rarest of marvels — an American fiction film that wears its political heart on its sleeve,\" says Manohla Dargis. Showtimes \u0026 Tickets Opinion » Frank: Know-It-Alls The Opinionator Editorial: Smear Tactics My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Treading Gently on Hallowed Ground The iconic Glass House in New Canaan, Conn., will soon be open for visitors. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 110 Central Park South Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More Details 2006 MX-5 This exceptional roadster from Mazda is more Miata than the Miata it replaces. Go to Article Interactive Automotive Events Calendar » Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events. Go to Calendar Search Car Listings 25,000+ Tri-state listings Advanced Search » More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location I\u0027d Also Like to Thank... You’re resigning, not collecting an Oscar, so keep those parting words brief. Salute Our Heroes Career Fair View Career Resources Career Calendar Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Trinity College Summer Schools Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and Schools SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.World » Movies » Multimedia/Photos » Travel »A Resort-to-Be Has an Egyptian Backer Movie Minutes: \u0027World Trade Center\u0027 Summer in the City: A Sense of Purpose 36 Hours in Provincetown, Mass.Domain Names for Smart People Protect yourself against identity theft. Get Equifax Credit Watch™. Choose from over 7,000 Mutual Funds at E*TRADE Securities Photos, fine art, books and more. Is your business people-ready? Find out. Serving all Investors Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play World » The Accused: Shock Reverberates Among Acquaintances of the Young Suspects Networks: Pakistan’s Help in Averting a Terror Attack Is a Double-Edged Sword An Audit Sharply Criticizes Iraq’s Bookkeeping U.S. » Across the Nation: Passengers Adjust to New Minimalism in Carry-On Items Authorities Press the Search for Five Egyptian Students Auto Industry and E.P.A. Agree On Program to Recycle Mercury Washington » The Political Effects: Arrests Bolster G.O.P. Bid To Claim Security as Issue Technology: Liquid Threat Is Hard to Detect The Jihadists: Scale and Detail of Plane Scheme Recall Al Qaeda N.Y. / Region » Connecticut Feels Strain of a Rematch at the Polls Confusion and Delays at Airports, Taken Mostly in Stride Teenager Fatally Shot by Father of 2nd Youth in a Confrontation Science » Technology: Liquid Threat Is Hard to Detect Lethal and Wet: It’s Not Hard to Use Fluids to Cause an Explosion on a Plane, Chemists Say University Tries to Make Texas a Science Force Health » Does Testosterone Build a Better Athlete? A Chinese Outcry: Doesn’t a Dog Have Rights? F.D.A. Gains Accord on Wider Sales of Next-Day Pill Education » Panel’s Report Urges Higher Education Shake-Up 2 Editors Resign at Web Site Linked to Journalism Review CUNY Seeing Fewer Blacks at Top Schools Real Estate » It’s Getting Easier to Be Green National Perspectives: A Neighborhood on the Brink (of Trendy) Streetscapes | West 81st Street: A Roller-Coaster Ride of Styles Business » Your Life as an Open Book Executives Rethink Life on the Road No Liquids, Few Sales at Stores in Airports Technology » BetOnSports, After Indictment, Folds Its Hand and Shifts Focus to Asia 2 Editors Resign at Web Site Linked to Journalism Review I.B.M. to Buy Content Software Maker for $1.6 Billion Sports » Angels 7, Yankees 4: Early Deficit Too Much for Lidle and Yanks Nationals 2, Mets 1: Mets Undone by Former Top Draft Pick Buccaneers 16, Jets 3: Pennington Looks Solid, but the Jets Lose in Tampa Travel » Road Trip: On Route 20, Where the Past Is Present 36 Hours: Provincetown, Mass. For Some Tourists, War Is No Bar to Visiting Israel Dining \u0026 Wine » Critic’s Notebook: Raising the Ante in Atlantic City New York: Joël Robuchon Strides In Forbidden? Not the Mangosteen Home \u0026 Garden » The New Old House Garden Design: The Secret Garden of Ninth Avenue A Journey of Reclamation Reaches a Peak in Spain Fashion \u0026 Style » An Impressionable Age Skin Deep: Does It ... or Doesn’t It? Please Don’t Make Me Go on Vacation Automobiles » Behind the Wheel: 2007 Mercedes-Benz GL450: A Magic Bus Among the Mastodons Collecting: Their Motorcycles Are in the Mail Technology: Simply Amazing! (The Promises, Not the Gas Savings) Opinion » Editorial: The Liquid Bomb Threat Louisiana’s Contract With America The Age of Terror, From Air Travel to Politics (9 Letters) Arts » TV Watch: Once Again, the Tragedy You Can’t Avoid: Forthcoming 9/11 Programming Art Review: ‘Subterranean Monuments’: Up From the Underground Fringe Festival Still Welcomes Novice Dreamers Movies » Movie Review: In ‘Half Nelson,’ a Student Knows a Teacher’s Secret Movie Review: Pinned Under the Weight of Skyscrapers and History in \u0027World Trade Center\u0027 Movie Review: ‘House of Sand’: A Mother, Her Daughter, and Brazil’s Bleak Yet Lovely Land Theater » Fringe Festival Still Welcomes Novice Dreamers Theater Review: ‘Absinthe’: Take a Cabaret, Mix It With a Circus, Then Add Mirrors Theater Review: God Speaks, and a Clown Answers, in \u0027Creation: A Clown Show!\u0027 Books » \u0027The Producer,\u0027 by Dunstan Prial: John Hammond, Who Put His Money and Vision Where His Musical Taste Was \u0027The Long Tail,\u0027 by Chris Anderson: ‘The Long Tail’ Foresees a Marketplace of Pixel-Size Niches \u0027A Pickpocket’s Tale: The Underworld of Nineteenth-Century New York,\u0027 by Timothy J. Gilfoyle: ‘A Pickpocket’s Tale’: A ‘Good Fellow’ at Play in the Fields of New York Crime Week in Review » Iranian 101: A Lesson for Americans: The Fine Art of Hiding What You Mean to Say The Nation: Cities Grow Up, and Some See Sprawl The Nation: Toyota Drove to the Bank in a Ford Magazine » Fat Factors Her Morning Shift Hezbollah\u0027s Other War MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Personal Health: Scientists Cast Misery of Migraine in a New Light Basics: Weighing a Switch to a Mac Panel’s Report Urges Higher Education Shake-Up Road Trip: On Route 20, Where the Past Is Present 36 Hours: Provincetown, Mass. Brooklyn’s Bloom, a Sight (and Stench) Not to Be Missed Weapons: Israel Asks U.S. to Ship Rockets With Wide Blast Editorial: The London Plot Rome Journal: Diner Beware: Turisti Pay More in Roman Restaurants Please Don’t Make Me Go on Vacation Go to Complete List » Men Not Working, and Not Wanting Just Any Job Tax Cheats Called Out of Control Washington Traffic Jam? Senators-Only Elevator Blogger Jailed After Defying Court Orders Bush’s Embrace of Israel Shows Gap With Father U.S. Wins Access to Reporter Phone Records Evolution’s Backers in Kansas Mount a Counterattack Evolution Opponents Lose Kansas Board Majority Mel Gibson: The Speed of Scandal Israel Says No Halt to Strikes in Support of Ground Forces Go to Complete List » china immigration lieberman india gay israel iraq college university brooke astor Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/travel Where George Clooney likes to eat in Lake Como Also in Travel: Where Kate Moss stays in Ibiza Where Humphrey Bogart was married in 1926 Where Owen Wilson likes to surf in Hawaii Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About NYT Digital Jobs at NYT Digital Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Post a job, a resume or Search our listings today.nytimes.com/travelWhere George Clooney likes to eat in Lake Como Also in Travel: Where Kate Moss stays in Ibiza Where Humphrey Bogart was married in 1926 Where Owen Wilson likes to surf in HawaiiWhere Kate Moss stays in IbizaWhere Humphrey Bogart was married in 1926Where Owen Wilson likes to surf in Hawaii","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2006,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":12,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":37,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
