{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The company blamed its steepest cut in more than two decades on “an unprecedented spike in gasoline prices.”Exploding sectarian violence in Iraq has caused mosque attendance to plummet, further unraveling the country’s communal fabric.Republican officials are actively working to help Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, who is running for Senate as an independent.Women grieved on Friday for those killed on July 30 in Qana, Lebanon, by Israeli airstrikes. Funerals were held across the south.A $4.7 billion effort to slash Colombia’s coca crop has left the availability of cocaine on U.S. streets unchanged.Legal experts said the opinion overlooked important precedents and substituted passion for analysis.By selecting Justice Pigott, Gov. George E. Pataki continued his efforts to shift the court further to the right.If a test on a second sample confirms the first result, Marion Jones would face a two-year ban.A deal will allow Frank Quattrone, who became a symbol of Wall Street greed, to resume a career in finance.\"Stop complaining that physicians make too much money and put pressure on your insurance companies and the government to reimburse us better. Most of us are in business … the business of improving people’s health,\" writes William Jaffe, MD.\"All anyone really needs to know about this amusingly crude, honestly satisfying artifact is snakes + plane + Samuel L. Jackson,\" says Manohla Dargis.A couple fully agreed that every inch of their 1,700-square-foot duplex in Chelsea had to count.GRAND OPENING! Luxury Gold Coast Condos from the $500\u0027sMore DetailsFord acts at times like an aging high school jock, rehashing the glory days with no thought to the future.Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events.Spared from one disaster on 9/11, Cholene Espinoza is now helping others recover from a second.Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and SchoolsWhere to find last-minute discounts for Labor Day","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Ford Is Slashing Production 20% for 4th Quarter",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers\u0027 Opinions »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comN.Y. / Region »Arts »Travel »Business »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Fearful Iraqis Avoid Mosques as Attacks RiseG.O.P. Deserts One of Its Own for LiebermanLebanese, Returning South, Mourn Their DeadColombia’s Coca Survives U.S. Plan to Uproot ItExperts Fault Reasoning in Surveillance DecisionPataki Appoints Fifth Republican to Highest CourtJones Is Said to Have Failed Drug Test in JuneQuattrone May Avoid 3rd TrialMedical TreatmentsDevil Rays 6, Indians 5Volkswagen\u0027s Mexico Workers Strike in Pay DisputeTwins Cut Into White Sox Wild - Card LeadRangers 2, Tigers 1Snakes on a PlaneThe 30-Second CommuteThe Lofts at RiverwalkShelby GT500Life\u0027s WorkTrinity College Summer SchoolsBilliards’ Best Vie in a Three-Cushion ZoneOn Sontag: Essayist as Metaphor and MuseCoupland: God Hates Japan36 Hours in Lake TahoeAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 19 2005 2006 2007 39,713 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 19 2005 2006 2007JUL AUG SEP192005 2006 200739,713 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Since 1981 NYT 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC GuideJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsFord Is Slashing Production 20% for 4th Quarter By MICHELINE MAYNARD 34 minutes ago The company blamed its steepest cut in more than two decades on “an unprecedented spike in gasoline prices.” Text: The Announcement 6,300 at Delphi Agree to Leave Company Fearful Iraqis Avoid Mosques as Attacks Rise By EDWARD WONG 13 minutes ago Exploding sectarian violence in Iraq has caused mosque attendance to plummet, further unraveling the country’s communal fabric. Baghdad Shut to Cars on Eve of Pilgrimage So Dire in ’05 Judge Sets Aside Verdict of Billing Fraud in Iraq Rebuilding In the Magazine: An Army of Some | Go to Complete Coverage » G.O.P. Deserts One of Its Own for Lieberman By ANNE E. KORNBLUT 34 minutes ago Republican officials are actively working to help Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, who is running for Senate as an independent. Tyler Hicks/The New York Times Lebanese, Returning South, Mourn Their Dead Women grieved on Friday for those killed on July 30 in Qana, Lebanon, by Israeli airstrikes. Funerals were held across the south. Colombia’s Coca Survives U.S. Plan to Uproot It By JUAN FORERO 34 minutes ago A $4.7 billion effort to slash Colombia’s coca crop has left the availability of cocaine on U.S. streets unchanged. Experts Fault Reasoning in Surveillance Decision By ADAM LIPTAK 33 minutes ago Legal experts said the opinion overlooked important precedents and substituted passion for analysis. Bush Predicts Ban Will Be Lifted Pataki Appoints Fifth Republican to Highest Court By MICHAEL COOPER 3 minutes ago By selecting Justice Pigott, Gov. George E. Pataki continued his efforts to shift the court further to the right. Jones Is Said to Have Failed Drug Test in June By LYNN ZINSER 30 minutes ago If a test on a second sample confirms the first result, Marion Jones would face a two-year ban. Quattrone May Avoid 3rd Trial By ANDREW ROSS SORKIN 57 minutes ago A deal will allow Frank Quattrone, who became a symbol of Wall Street greed, to resume a career in finance. MORE NEWS Yankees Follow Precedent With Perfect Timing Good Will for Young May Ease Wal-Mart Split   Readers\u0027 Opinions » Medical Treatments \"Stop complaining that physicians make too much money and put pressure on your insurance companies and the government to reimburse us better. Most of us are in business … the business of improving people’s health,\" writes William Jaffe, MD. Read Comments (231) News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Devil Rays 6, Indians 5 14 minutes ago Volkswagen\u0027s Mexico Workers Strike in Pay Dispute 18 minutes ago Twins Cut Into White Sox Wild - Card Lead 19 minutes ago Rangers 2, Tigers 1 25 minutes ago Movies » Snakes on a Plane \"All anyone really needs to know about this amusingly crude, honestly satisfying artifact is snakes + plane + Samuel L. Jackson,\" says Manohla Dargis. Also in Movies The Illusionist | Factotum More Movie Reviews Showtimes \u0026 Tickets Opinion » Dowd: Rude Iraqis Frank: K Street The Opinionator Editorial: U.S. Economy My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The 30-Second Commute A couple fully agreed that every inch of their 1,700-square-foot duplex in Chelsea had to count. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad The Lofts at Riverwalk GRAND OPENING! Luxury Gold Coast Condos from the $500\u0027sMore Details Shelby GT500 Ford acts at times like an aging high school jock, rehashing the glory days with no thought to the future. Go to Review Interactive Automotive Events Calendar » Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events. Go to Calendar Search Car Listings 25,000+ Tri-state listings Advanced Search » More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Life\u0027s Work Spared from one disaster on 9/11, Cholene Espinoza is now helping others recover from a second. Salute Our Heroes Career Fair View Career Resources Career Calendar Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Trinity College Summer Schools Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and Schools SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.N.Y. / Region » Arts » Travel » Business »Billiards’ Best Vie in a Three-Cushion Zone On Sontag: Essayist as Metaphor and Muse Coupland: God Hates Japan 36 Hours in Lake TahoePhotos, fine art, books and more. For Truly Intensive Scalp Care, get Intensive Solutions! Fast $7 Trades Is your business people-ready? Find out. Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play Earn 5.25% APY with an online savings from Countrywide Dell™ Home: $699 Notebook or $649 Desktop + FREE Printer. Protect yourself against identity theft. Get Equifax Credit Watch™. Power E*TRADE: Low Trade Pricing. Get 100 Commission-Free Trades World » With ‘Minefields’ at Home, War Isn’t Over for Lebanese Cuba Mobilized for a U.S. Attack, Raúl Castro Says U.N. Official Assails South Africa on Its Response to AIDS U.S. » Chicago Woman’s Stand Stirs Immigration Debate Leaked E-Mail Tied to Suspect Portrays Him as Obsessed With JonBenet Ramsey 70’s Law Costs 61,000 Military Widows Thousands of Dollars in Survivor Benefits Washington » Trying to Blend Political Sound for Country and Western 70’s Law Costs 61,000 Military Widows Thousands of Dollars in Survivor Benefits Agency Approves First Use of Viruses as a Food Additive N.Y. / Region » Prosecutors Call Handyman a Sex Predator Police Move to Ease Proposed Rules Regarding Permits for Protests After Mercury Pollutes a Day Care Center, Everyone Points Elsewhere Science » Review of Landmark Study Finds Fewer Vietnam Veterans With Post-Traumatic Stress The Environment: U.N. Pledges $64 Million for Cleanup of Oil Spill Off Lebanon Singapore Acts as Haven for Stem Cell Research Health » Side Effects: Heart Procedure Is Off the Charts in an Ohio City Review of Landmark Study Finds Fewer Vietnam Veterans With Post-Traumatic Stress New Limits Set Over Marketing for Cigarettes Education » In Elite N.Y. Schools, a Dip in Blacks and Hispanics Suozzi Calls School Financing ‘a Moral Crisis’ Basics: Back to School, With Cellphone and Laptop Real Estate » Let’s Make a Deal National Perspectives: Why Some Homeowners May Not Be Smiling for These Cameras Streetscapes | 140 Nassau Street: So You Think the Empire State Is a Tall Building? Business » Caught on Film: A Growing Unease in Hollywood Rents Are Rising Rapidly After Long Lull Side Effects: Heart Procedure Is Off the Charts in an Ohio City Technology » Profit Falls by Half at Dell A World Beyond Dial-Up Boeing to End Its Service for Using Internet Aloft Sports » Mets 6, Rockies 3: Wright Halts His Tailspin With Two Well-Timed Swings Minor Figures Lead, but Major Winners Lurk Giants Not Perfect, but Headed Right Way Travel » A Quiet Place to Start a Revolution North to Canada, for an Ocean View Practical Traveler: What Can Be Carried On? Dining \u0026 Wine » Pickles, Pies and Blue-Ribbon Biscotti Dry Riesling Wins Top Award in State Contest The Chef: Zak Pelaccio: The Freshest Produce (and Duck Tongues?) Home \u0026 Garden » Is This What Happiness Looks Like? In Moscow, a Battle for a Modernist Landmark His ’n’ Hers Lake House: Sharp at the Edges, Veiled in Pines Fashion \u0026 Style » Fall Fashion: A Special Issue: Piling on Allowed I Am Woman, Hear Me Walk Skin Deep: Throw Your Tweezers Away Automobiles » 2006 MX-5: More Miata, Minus the Name Ford Sets Steep Cuts to Vehicle Production A New Film Documents One Town’s Automotive Version of Graffiti Opinion » Editorial: Testing Time for Israel’s Leaders Op-Ed Contributor: The Quiet Farang The Judge and the Wiretap Program (6 Letters) Arts » Art Review: On Sontag: Essayist as Metaphor and Muse Usher in ‘Chicago’? Well, He’s No Stranger to Razzle-Dazzle and Hocus-Pocus Movie Review: ‘Snakes on a Plane’: That’s No Seat Belt Around Your Waist Movies » Movie Review: ‘Snakes on a Plane’: That’s No Seat Belt Around Your Waist Movie Review: On the Barstool Again, With One for His Muse, in ‘Factotum’ Movie Review: \u0027The Illusionist\u0027: How Does a Man of Mystery Survive? It’s Magic Theater » Usher in ‘Chicago’? Well, He’s No Stranger to Razzle-Dazzle and Hocus-Pocus Theater Review: The Story of a Guy Who May Not Be Martin Short, but Sure Looks Like Him Theater Review: ‘Kiki \u0026 Herb’: The Road to Catharsis With Those 2 Immortals Books » \u0027Strangers in the House: Life Stories,\u0027 by Dorothy Gallagher: Dorothy Gallagher’s Clear-Eyed Self-Revelations \u0027In the Wake,\u0027 by Per Petterson: Cast Adrift by Grief, Mourning Becomes Arvid A Book About East Timor Jabs Indonesia’s Conscience Week in Review » When Politics Is Local: In Iraq, a Failure to Deliver the Spoils The Nation: With Friends Like Joe’s ... The Nation: An Antiwar Campaign That Takes a Page From the G.O.P. Playbook Magazine » Fat Factors Her Morning Shift Hezbollah\u0027s Other War MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Skin Deep: Throw Your Tweezers Away Side Effects: Heart Procedure Is Off the Charts in an Ohio City Where Do Rivals Draw the Line? Coffee as a Health Drink? Studies Find Some Benefits Editorial: Ruling for the Law Wal-Mart Image-Builder Resigns In Elite N.Y. Schools, a Dip in Blacks and Hispanics Movie Review: On the Barstool Again, With One for His Muse, in ‘Factotum’ Art Review: On Sontag: Essayist as Metaphor and Muse  Thomas L. Friedman: War on Daddy’s Dime Go to Complete List » Men Not Working, and Not Wanting Just Any Job Tax Cheats Called Out of Control Washington Traffic Jam? Senators-Only Elevator Blogger Jailed After Defying Court Orders Bush’s Embrace of Israel Shows Gap With Father U.S. Wins Access to Reporter Phone Records Evolution’s Backers in Kansas Mount a Counterattack Evolution Opponents Lose Kansas Board Majority Mel Gibson: The Speed of Scandal Israel Says No Halt to Strikes in Support of Ground Forces Go to Complete List » china immigration india college iraq gay iran university israel dell Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/travel Where to find last-minute discounts for Labor Day Also in Travel: Going out in New York City? Find the bargains. The Frugal Traveler in Hong Kong Money-saving tips for European travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About NYT Digital Jobs at NYT Digital Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Post a job, a resume or Search our listings today.nytimes.com/travelWhere to find last-minute discounts for Labor Day Also in Travel: Going out in New York City? Find the bargains. The Frugal Traveler in Hong Kong Money-saving tips for European travelGoing out in New York City? Find the bargains.The Frugal Traveler in Hong KongMoney-saving tips for European travel","article":""},"timeStamp":20060819033805,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
