{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"British authorities said today that they had thwarted a terrorist plot to blow up multiple airliners traveling between Britain and the United States and cause “mass murder on an unimaginable scale.”At U.S. airports, passengers are missing flights and enduring intensive inspections.Khalid Sheikh Mohammed sought to simultaneously blow up airliners over the Pacific with liquid explosives.Airlines are offering various options for travelers, such as refunding tickets that were sold as unrefundable.The bomber blew himself up while being patted down by policemen near a highly revered Shiite shrine.Firms are making efforts to attract the rising number of gay masters of business administration students.Share your travel experiences and reactions to today\u0027s terror arrests.Students are dressing for school with a growing sense of sophistication.Despite talk of cancer and hair dyes, experts tell women to keep coloring.In a little town that high prices forgot, a dozen decrepit downtown buildings are about to be demolished.Luxury Condominiums Interior Design By Armani/Casa... More DetailsThe Postal Service issued a set of four stamps that depict classic American bikes.Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events.A study describes what it calls \"family responsibilities discrimination.\"Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and SchoolsTop 10 deals for the month of August","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Plot to Bomb Jets Is Thwarted in BritainBritish Authorities Arrest 21; U.S. Raises Threat Level","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"Dealbook »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Readers\u0027 Opinions »Thursday Styles »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comHome \u0026 Garden »Arts »Home \u0026 Garden »Arts »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"New Security Rules Prompt ConfusionPlot Echoes One Planned by 9/11 Mastermind in ‘94Airlines Brace for CancellationsBombing Near Iraq Shrine Leaves 35 DeadGay M.B.A. Students Make Strides on Wall StreetArgentina Makes 3 \u0027Dirty War\u0027 ArrestsLong Lines as U.S. Airports Tighten SecurityStocks Edge Up Despite Terror ArrestsMan Crashes Through Fla. Airport FenceShare Your ThoughtsAn Impressionable Age: 12 Going on 25Does It or Doesn\u0027t It?Linving In: Derby, Conn.20 Pine The CollectionCollectingLife\u0027s WorkTrinity College Summer SchoolsOn Long Island, Tiny Pieces of ParadiseSummer in the City: Filling in the PastThe Secret Garden of Ninth AvenueDynamism Tamed by Cost-CuttersAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 10 2005 2006 2007 39,667 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 10 2005 2006 2007JUL AUG SEP102005 2006 200739,667 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Since 1981 NYT 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC GuideJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsPlot to Bomb Jets Is Thwarted in Britain Kieran Doherty/Reuters Travelers lining up at Gatwick International Airport outside London. More Photographs » British Authorities Arrest 21; U.S. Raises Threat Level By ERIC PFANNER and JOHN O’NEIL 36 minutes ago British authorities said today that they had thwarted a terrorist plot to blow up multiple airliners traveling between Britain and the United States and cause “mass murder on an unimaginable scale.” Summary of Today\u0027s Developments 11:38 AM ET Homeland Security Briefing: Transcript | Video New Security Rules Prompt Confusion By JOHN HOLUSHA 41 minutes ago At U.S. airports, passengers are missing flights and enduring intensive inspections. Screening Procedures in U.S. Plot Echoes One Planned by 9/11 Mastermind in ‘94 By RAYMOND BONNER 10:42 AM ET Khalid Sheikh Mohammed sought to simultaneously blow up airliners over the Pacific with liquid explosives. Airlines Brace for Cancellations By JEREMY W. PETERS 10:54 AM ET Airlines are offering various options for travelers, such as refunding tickets that were sold as unrefundable. Airline Shares Sink After Terror Alert Other News Bombing Near Iraq Shrine Leaves 35 Dead By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 11:00 AM ET The bomber blew himself up while being patted down by policemen near a highly revered Shiite shrine. On Patrol, Iraqis Prove Eager, Erratic and Green Four Arrested in U.S. Journalist’s Kidnapping Go to Complete Coverage » MORE NEWS U.S. Trade Deficit Narrows Slightly 11:00 AM ET Southern Afghanistan Violence Kills 20 Hot Market for Second Homes Hits Slump CUNY Seeing Fewer Blacks at Top Schools   Dealbook » Gay M.B.A. Students Make Strides on Wall Street Firms are making efforts to attract the rising number of gay masters of business administration students. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Argentina Makes 3 \u0027Dirty War\u0027 Arrests 12 minutes ago Long Lines as U.S. Airports Tighten Security 13 minutes ago Stocks Edge Up Despite Terror Arrests 19 minutes ago Man Crashes Through Fla. Airport Fence 21 minutes ago Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts Share your travel experiences and reactions to today\u0027s terror arrests. Post a Comment Read Comments Thursday Styles » An Impressionable Age: 12 Going on 25 Students are dressing for school with a growing sense of sophistication. Does It or Doesn\u0027t It? Despite talk of cancer and hair dyes, experts tell women to keep coloring. Opinion » Brooks: Party No. 3 Herbert: Beyond Deceit The Opinionator: Britain\u0027s Arrests My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Linving In: Derby, Conn. In a little town that high prices forgot, a dozen decrepit downtown buildings are about to be demolished. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 20 Pine The Collection Luxury Condominiums Interior Design By Armani/Casa... More Details Collecting The Postal Service issued a set of four stamps that depict classic American bikes. Go to Article Interactive Automotive Events Calendar » Research events by date and location, set up reminders and alerts and add your own events. Go to Calendar Search Car Listings 25,000+ Tri-state listings Advanced Search » More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Life\u0027s Work A study describes what it calls \"family responsibilities discrimination.\" Salute Our Heroes Career Fair View Career Resources Career Calendar Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Trinity College Summer Schools Summer School in Melbourne, Australia! July 9-21 2006...See All Camps and Schools SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as low as $2.99 a week.Home \u0026 Garden » Arts » Home \u0026 Garden » Arts »On Long Island, Tiny Pieces of Paradise Summer in the City: Filling in the Past The Secret Garden of Ninth Avenue Dynamism Tamed by Cost-CuttersSave over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play Photos, fine art, books and more. Domain Names for Smart People Protect yourself against identity theft. Get Equifax Credit Watch™. Serving all Investors Is your business people-ready? Find out. Power E*TRADE: Low Trade Pricing. Get 100 Commission-Free Trades World » Mideast Conflict: Israel, Seeking Rocket Buffer, Sets Expansion On Patrol, Iraqis Prove Eager, Erratic and Green A Chinese Outcry: Doesn’t a Dog Have Rights? U.S. » An Oil Leak Rattles a State and Its Workers Labor Federation Forms a Pact With Day Workers Study Credits Vehicles, but Not Drivers, for Better Road Safety Washington » Democrats Back Lamont in Race in Show of Unity Immigration Judges Facing Performance Reviews Lieberman Defeat Shifts Focus to House Races N.Y. / Region » Democrats Back Lamont in Race in Show of Unity Tunnelers Hit Something Big: A Milestone Angry Exchanges in Debate by Two Republican Hopefuls for Senate Science » University Tries to Make Texas a Science Force James A. Van Allen, Discoverer of Earth-Circling Radiation Belts, Is Dead at 91 Scientists Chip Away at Mysteries of the Moon Health » Does Testosterone Build a Better Athlete? A Chinese Outcry: Doesn’t a Dog Have Rights? F.D.A. Gains Accord on Wider Sales of Next-Day Pill Education » University Tries to Make Texas a Science Force 3 Egyptians Held in Failure to Appear for Exchange Program California Christian School’s Lawsuit Can Proceed Real Estate » What\u0027s That Smell? National Perspectives: Preserving History and a ‘Fantasy Feeling’ Sold at First Sight Business » 3 at Comverse Charged in Stock Options Case Target Profit Rises Almost 13% David Pogue: A Head Start on the Future of High-Def Technology » Basics: Weighing a Switch to a Mac Game Theory : Light Lifting for Gamers With Little Time to Spare Q\u0026A: Revealing Fraud in E-Mail Addresses Sports » Mets 4, Padres 3: Piazza Elicits Smiles Early, and Then a Grimace Johnson’s No-Hitter Becomes Nail-Biter Prognosis Grows Brighter for Barbaro Travel » For Some Tourists, War Is No Bar to Visiting Israel Frugal Traveler: Dead Ends and Dumplings in Beijing The Ultimate Beer Run in the Czech Republic Dining \u0026 Wine » Critic’s Notebook: Raising the Ante in Atlantic City New York: Joël Robuchon Strides In Forbidden? Not the Mangosteen Home \u0026 Garden » The New Old House Garden Design: The Secret Garden of Ninth Avenue A Journey of Reclamation Reaches a Peak in Spain Fashion \u0026 Style » An Impressionable Age Skin Deep: Does It ... or Doesn’t It? Please Don’t Make Me Go on Vacation Automobiles » Behind the Wheel: 2007 Mercedes-Benz GL450: A Magic Bus Among the Mastodons Collecting: Their Motorcycles Are in the Mail Technology: Simply Amazing! (The Promises, Not the Gas Savings) Opinion » Editorial: Voter Suppression in Missouri Op-Ed Contributor: Scarcity, Mother of Invention Lieberman vs. Lamont: The Fallout (9 Letters) Arts » With Bully, Rockstar Looks to Beat the Grand Theft Auto Rap Melissa Hayden, a Vibrant Star of New York City Ballet, Dies at 83 Theater Review: ‘Indian Blood’: Rockwellian Reflections on a Buffalo Boyhood Movies » Movie Review: Pinned Under the Weight of Skyscrapers and History in \u0027World Trade Center\u0027 The Mavens Speak: When Celebrities Insert Both Feet Movie Review: Breaking All the Rules, 21st-Century Style, in ‘Satellite’ Theater » Survivor’s Play Bears Witness to the Holocaust Money Woes Threaten National Theater of the Deaf Theater Review: ‘Indian Blood’: Rockwellian Reflections on a Buffalo Boyhood Books » \u0027The Long Tail,\u0027 by Chris Anderson: ‘The Long Tail’ Foresees a Marketplace of Pixel-Size Niches \u0027A Pickpocket’s Tale: The Underworld of Nineteenth-Century New York,\u0027 by Timothy J. Gilfoyle: ‘A Pickpocket’s Tale’: A ‘Good Fellow’ at Play in the Fields of New York Crime \u0027Jeans: A Cultural History of an American Icon,\u0027 by James Sullivan: Jeans Now Need Their Own Specialist Scholars: Call It Jeanitics Week in Review » Iranian 101: A Lesson for Americans: The Fine Art of Hiding What You Mean to Say The Nation: Cities Grow Up, and Some See Sprawl The Nation: Toyota Drove to the Bank in a Ford Magazine » Is There a Place for Olivier Theyskens? Pondering, Discussing, Traveling Amid and Defending the Inevitable War When a Pill Is Not Enough MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Personal Health: Scientists Cast Misery of Migraine in a New Light Rome Journal: Diner Beware: Turisti Pay More in Roman Restaurants Spirits of The Times: Refined Tequilas, Meant to Be Savored Basics: Weighing a Switch to a Mac A Face Is Exposed for AOL Searcher No. 4417749 Hot Market for Second Homes Hits Slump Forbidden? Not the Mangosteen Please Don’t Make Me Go on Vacation Cases: Tale of the Tapeworm (Squeamish Readers Stop Here) The Summer Drink to Be Seen With Go to Complete List » Men Not Working, and Not Wanting Just Any Job Tax Cheats Called Out of Control Washington Traffic Jam? Senators-Only Elevator Blogger Jailed After Defying Court Orders Bush’s Embrace of Israel Shows Gap With Father U.S. Wins Access to Reporter Phone Records Evolution’s Backers in Kansas Mount a Counterattack Evolution Opponents Lose Kansas Board Majority Mel Gibson: The Speed of Scandal Israel Says No Halt to Strikes in Support of Ground Forces Go to Complete List » china immigration india gay iraq college israel brooke astor landis lieberman Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/autos Top 10 deals for the month of August Also in Autos: 10 steps to buying a new car 10 steps to leasing a new car 10 steps to buying a used car Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About NYT Digital Jobs at NYT Digital Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Post a job, a resume or Search our listings today.nytimes.com/autosTop 10 deals for the month of August Also in Autos: 10 steps to buying a new car 10 steps to leasing a new car 10 steps to buying a used car10 steps to buying a new car10 steps to leasing a new car10 steps to buying a used car","article":""},"timeStamp":20060810163423,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
