{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Six people have been arrested on allegations of plotting to kill soldiers at an army installation, an official said today.The six men planned to fire rocket-propelled grenades at Humvees at Fort Dix and “light the whole place up,” the U.S. attorney said.The leaders of Northern Ireland re-established a local authority made up of once implacable foes.Thomson’s $17.5 billion offer for Reuters could create a major rival to Bloomberg in the market for financial data.The apology was the first formal acknowledgment by American authorities that the killings by marines after a suicide attack in March were unjustified.The $1.25 billion proposal is intended to help the state maintain its status as a pre-eminent place for research.The S.E.C. said a Hong Kong couple bought up shares before Rupert Murdoch’s offer was made public.Chris Albrecht contended that he assaulted a girlfriend in Las Vegas as a result from a lapse in his sobriety.Cyanuric acid may have been added to animal feed to boost the protein count, Chinese chemical producers said.Did you take out student loans? Do you think it was a good decision?Hua Hin in Thailand is a place where travelers can sit in solitude.The city has an amazing range of gardens that go far beyond average.Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes.High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More DetailsSome car buyers find that certification doesn’t protect them.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Yes, there are sensible ways to look into a new career while keeping your old one.Multi-billion dollar industry: Great opportunity for the right person. Leads provided. Non......... More DetailFormer President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"6 Arrested in Plot to Attack Fort Dix",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers’ Opinions »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Travel »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comBusiness »Arts »Science »Education »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Power Sharing Begins in Northern IrelandThomson-Reuters Would Challenge BloombergU.S. Apologizes to Families for Killing Afghan CiviliansMassachusetts Proposes Stem Cell Research Grants2 Accused of ‘Suspicious’ Trading in Dow Jones BidHBO Chief Takes Leave After Assault ArrestAnother Chemical Emerges in Pet Food CaseWhen Student Loans Don’t Pay OffWayward Airport Wallaby Returns HomeClemens Begins Comeback in LexingtonHard Spun Has Trainer OptimisticInterior\u0027s Oil Lease Program Head QuitsA Beach Resort That’s Quiet Enough for a KingStop and Smell the BarrenwortSearch TravelThe Guy Who Picks the Best Places to LiveHarsen HouseCertified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always.What to Do About WanderlustLiquor Maker Stopping Young DrinkersA Museum for Artifacts of the News MediaThe Lede: Herod’s TombAraton: Mission to Fight Heart DiseaseAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 9 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 9 2006 2007 2008APR MAY JUN92006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Week in Review Weather SERVICES NYT Mobile NYT Store Theater Tickets Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events6 Arrested in Plot to Attack Fort Dix By CHRISTINE HAUSER and ANAHAD O’CONNOR 5:40 PM ET Six people have been arrested on allegations of plotting to kill soldiers at an army installation, an official said today. Text: Criminal Complaint (pdf) The Lede: More Details on the Fort Dix Suspects Bradley C. Bower/Bloomberg News The six men planned to fire rocket-propelled grenades at Humvees at Fort Dix and “light the whole place up,” the U.S. attorney said. Power Sharing Begins in Northern Ireland By ALAN COWELL and EAMON QUINN 28 minutes ago The leaders of Northern Ireland re-established a local authority made up of once implacable foes. The Lede: Ulster Optimism Thomson-Reuters Would Challenge Bloomberg By IAN AUSTEN 10 minutes ago Thomson’s $17.5 billion offer for Reuters could create a major rival to Bloomberg in the market for financial data. U.S. Apologizes to Families for Killing Afghan Civilians By DAVID S. CLOUD 50 minutes ago The apology was the first formal acknowledgment by American authorities that the killings by marines after a suicide attack in March were unjustified. Massachusetts Proposes Stem Cell Research Grants By PAM BELLUCK 31 minutes ago The $1.25 billion proposal is intended to help the state maintain its status as a pre-eminent place for research. 2 Accused of ‘Suspicious’ Trading in Dow Jones Bid By JEREMY W. PETERS 6:05 PM ET The S.E.C. said a Hong Kong couple bought up shares before Rupert Murdoch’s offer was made public. HBO Chief Takes Leave After Assault Arrest By JACQUES STEINBERG 7:39 PM ET Chris Albrecht contended that he assaulted a girlfriend in Las Vegas as a result from a lapse in his sobriety. Another Chemical Emerges in Pet Food Case By DAVID BARBOZA 51 minutes ago Cyanuric acid may have been added to animal feed to boost the protein count, Chinese chemical producers said. MORE NEWS Court Rules for Grasso in Pay Case 8 minutes ago Student Loan Official Steps Down 7:02 PM ET Treasury Chief Supports Delay for Wolfowitz Political Progress in Iraq as Violence Continues In the Blogs The Caucus: The G.O.P.’s French Connection The Caucus: CBS Blocks Web Comments on Obama Pogue\u0027s Posts: From Apple, a Welcome Reminder Diner\u0027s Journal: No Love Lost The Lede: Frankie Avalon’s Long Tail     Readers’ Opinions » When Student Loans Don’t Pay Off Did you take out student loans? Do you think it was a good decision? Read Comments (403) Related Article News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Wayward Airport Wallaby Returns Home 9 minutes ago Clemens Begins Comeback in Lexington 9 minutes ago Hard Spun Has Trainer Optimistic 10 minutes ago Interior\u0027s Oil Lease Program Head Quits 12 minutes ago Travel » A Beach Resort That’s Quiet Enough for a King Hua Hin in Thailand is a place where travelers can sit in solitude. Stop and Smell the Barrenwort The city has an amazing range of gardens that go far beyond average. Search Travel Opinion » Herbert: More Than Talk Brooks: British History The Opinionator Editorial: Medicare Abuses My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses New Developments Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad Harsen House High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More Details Place a Classified Ad » Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. Some car buyers find that certification doesn’t protect them. Share Your Thoughts PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location What to Do About Wanderlust Yes, there are sensible ways to look into a new career while keeping your old one. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Multi-billion dollar industry: Great opportunity for the right person. Leads provided. Non......... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)Business » Arts » Science » Education »Liquor Maker Stopping Young Drinkers A Museum for Artifacts of the News Media The Lede: Herod’s Tomb Araton: Mission to Fight Heart DiseaseBe Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Photos, fine art, books and more. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play. Fast $7 Trades Special Offer! Get 6 Free Trial Issues of The Economist. World » Brazilians Welcome Pope but Question His Perspective Report Accuses China and Russia of Arming Sudan Quebec Separatist Leader Resigns U.S. » ‘Top Chef’ Dreams Crushed by Student Loan Debt 50 Years Later, Little Rock Can’t Escape Race Big Georgia Fire Heads for Florida Washington » A White-Tie Dinner for Queen’s White House Visit Deal Is Offered for Chief’s Exit at World Bank For Democrats, New Challenge in Age-Old Rift N.Y. / Region » Citywide: Carving Out Havens and Facing Down the Skeptics An Irish Taste for Real Estate in Manhattan Tapes Capture Bold Claims of Bronx Man in Terror Plot Science » Astronomers Report Biggest Stellar Explosion From DNA Analysis, Clues to a Single Australian Migration Sale of Carbon Credits Helping Land-Rich, but Cash-Poor, Tribes Health » Jury Is Still Out on Gluten, the Latest Dietary Villain Study Links Rescuers’ Lung Ailment to Trade Center Collapse Genes Take Charge, and Diets Fall by the Wayside Education » 50 Years Later, Little Rock Can’t Escape Race Whistle-Blower on Student Aid Is Vindicated Walking on the Wild Side of a Montana University Real Estate » The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Sketch Pad: The Good Bones Were Still There, Hidden Under the Additions In Florida, a Home Market Still in Flux Business » Cisco Systems Says Quarterly Earnings Soared 34% Hewlett-Packard Lifts Second-Quarter Forecast Chevron Seen Settling Case on Iraq Oil Technology » Cisco Systems Says Quarterly Earnings Soared 34% Hewlett-Packard Lifts Second-Quarter Forecast Icahn Appears to Fall Short at Motorola Sports » Kiwanuka Revisits His Past and Pursues a New Dream Players Championship Shifts Date, Island Green Stays Federer Opens Rome Bid With a Victory Travel » Weekend in New York | Public Gardens: Stop and Smell the Barrenwort Practical Traveler | Trip Insurance: Protecting Against the Dread ‘What If?’ Journeys | Indonesia: A Secret Garden of Golf (Mind the Jungle) Dining \u0026 Wine » The Minimalist: A No-Frills Kitchen Still Cooks Critic’s Notebook: In Los Angeles, the Accidental Pizza Maker A Sweet So Sour: Kool-Aid Dills Home \u0026 Garden » Easy, Mr. Fix-It At Home With Patrick Blanc: All His Rooms Are Living Rooms In the Garden: Frogs Go Bump in the Night Fashion \u0026 Style » Isabella Blow, Flamboyant Discoverer of Fashion Talent, Dies at 48 Pink Shirts Welcome Gay Art: A Movement, or at Least a Moment Automobiles » Behind the Wheel | 2007 Toyota Tundra: Going Where Toyota’s Never Gone Before Obama Criticizes Automakers on Fuel Economy Behind the Wheel: Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. Opinion » Editorial: Medicare Privatization Abuses Op-Ed Contributor: Sounds of Silence in Northern Ireland Laptops in School: Boon or Bane? (7 Letters) Arts » In the Desert, a Festival of Country and Its Kin ABC Sets Spring 2010 as the End for ‘Lost’ A Producer and a Studio Stay Close Despite Split Movies » A Producer and a Studio Stay Close Despite Split Critic’s Choice: New DVDs ‘Spider-Man 3’ Box Office Bodes Well for Summer Theater » A Trashy Tupperware Lady With a Man’s Touch Theater Awards Are Announced Jerry Mathers Joins the Cast of ‘Hairspray’ Books » \u0027The Unknown Terrorist,\u0027 by Richard Flanagan: A Misunderstanding, and a Simple Life Descends Into a Nightmare \u0027Rant,\u0027 by Chuck Palahniuk: Appetite for Destruction: A Messianic Monster, Trained in Pain Book Not Ready for Print? You Can Whip Up an Audiobook for a Podcast for Now Week in Review » Nervous Energy: The (Not So) Eagerly Modern Saudi The In Crowd: Playing ‘Survivor’ in Washington Ideas \u0026 Trends: Rupert Murdoch, Once the Outsider Magazine » The New Middle Ages: The Older-and-Wiser Hypothesis The New Middle Ages: A Longer, Better Life The New Middle Ages: Self-Nonmedication MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Genes Take Charge, and Diets Fall by the Wayside How the Inca Leapt Canyons ‘Top Chef’ Dreams Crushed by Student Loan Debt Jury Is Still Out on Gluten, the Latest Dietary Villain Findings: A Lonesome Tortoise, and a Search for a Mate The New Middle Ages: Self-Nonmedication An Irish Taste for Real Estate in Manhattan Beam It Down From the Web, Scotty ABC Sets Spring 2010 as the End for ‘Lost’ 50 Years Later, Little Rock Can’t Escape Race Go to Complete List » A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Helps Sway Judiciary Deal Is Offered for Chief\u0027s Exit at World Bank With New Clout, Antiwar Groups Push Democrats Whistle-Blower On Student Aid Is Vindicated Beam It Down From the Web, Scotty A Boston Newspaper Prints What the Local Bloggers Write Book Not Ready for Print? You Can Whip Up an Audiobook for a Podcast for Now Once Again, Murdoch\u0027s Siren Song Sarkozy Wins the Chance to Prove His Critics Wrong California Gains Clout With Earlier Primary Go to Complete List » sex immigration china global warming iraq virginia tech india crossword kentucky derby bush veto Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/magazine Former President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now. Also in Magazine: Watch \"Naked\"—a film about sex in the baby boomer generation Watch aging experts discuss the science of longevity How wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdom Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/magazineFormer President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now. Also in Magazine: Watch \"Naked\"—a film about sex in the baby boomer generation Watch aging experts discuss the science of longevity How wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdomWatch \"Naked\"—a film about sex in the baby boomer generationWatch aging experts discuss the science of longevityHow wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdom","article":""},"timeStamp":20070509010208,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
