{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A largely invisible struggle between lawyers and their clients comes at the same time as a legal battle over the Bush administration’s detention policies.Three dozen current and former players were being sought, people familiar with an inquiry said, raising the prospect that baseball will be thrown into turmoil.Nicolas Sarkozy, the possible next president of France, has done as much, if not more, than any other French official to improve the status of minorities.A dispute has cropped up on the right: Does Darwinian theory actually support conservative philosophy?Workers prepare the White House for Monday’s state dinner for Queen Elizabeth II, her first visit since 1991.Small businesses may become a central issue in the debate over the problem of Americans without health insurance.School districts plan $691 million in new taxes just weeks after the State Legislature earmarked $900 million in aid.This year’s Kentucky Derby is wide open. But there is a way to find a winner: follow the jockey’s choice of horse.Cover shoot video for the Spring Living issue of T: Style magazine.Featuring Robert R. Harris on “The Joy of Drinking.” Dwight Garner, senior editor of the Book Review, is the host.The “Bad for You” issue: Smoking, drinking and gambling.Preppies who proudly call themselves preppies? Still? Yep. And downtown.A guide to the summer movie season, including a schedule.Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes.America\u0027s Best Private Club MembershipEngineers are seeking ways to reduce the cost and improve the practicality of hydrogen-powered vehicles.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.We rarely tell our children that along the road they might have to compromise, or detour, or backtrack.\"We sell, install, support Computer products: Server, Desktop, Laptop, Workstation, Periphe...\"...... More DetailCheck out a basketball coach\u0027s ultramodern Milan loft","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Many Detainees at Guantánamo Rebuff Lawyers",".snippet":"","h4":"Video »Books »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »In Sunday’s TimesOpinion »Inside NYTimes.comTravel »Fashion \u0026 Style »Sports »Television »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Baseball’s Steroid Panel Asks Active Players to AppearIn French Bid, Immigrant’s Son Battles Reputation as Anti-ImmigrantA Split Emerges as Conservatives Discuss DarwinFor Queen, Bush Will Try White TieSmall Businesses’ Premiums Soar After One IllnessN.Y. Schools Seek Higher Taxes Despite Extra AidFor Jockeys, Derby Starts With Choice of MountT Style: Living Spring 2007Book Review PodcastBush Urges Congress on New War BillReuters Soars on Approach, Thomson Touted as BidderPhilips No Easy Target for Investors, CEO Tells PaperTornado Injures Dozens in KansasBook ReviewSunday StylesArts \u0026 LeisureThe Guy Who Picks the Best Places to LiveThe Cliffs CommunitiesHope for a Zero- Pollution CarSharing Practical Truths, in Child-Size MeasuresCohen: Roots of Israel’s MalaiseCoastal Croatia by Bicycle: Sea, Sun, TrufflesGay Art: A Movement, or at Least a MomentMovie Gives the High Country a Close-UpThe New Modern Woman, Ambitious and FeebleAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 5 2006 2007 2008 39,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 5 2006 2007 2008APR MAY JUN52006 2007 200839,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsMany Detainees at Guantánamo Rebuff Lawyers By WILLIAM GLABERSON A largely invisible struggle between lawyers and their clients comes at the same time as a legal battle over the Bush administration’s detention policies. Baseball’s Steroid Panel Asks Active Players to Appear By JULIET MACUR and DAVID E. SANGER Three dozen current and former players were being sought, people familiar with an inquiry said, raising the prospect that baseball will be thrown into turmoil. In French Bid, Immigrant’s Son Battles Reputation as Anti-Immigrant By CRAIG S. SMITH Nicolas Sarkozy, the possible next president of France, has done as much, if not more, than any other French official to improve the status of minorities. A Split Emerges as Conservatives Discuss Darwin By PATRICIA COHEN A dispute has cropped up on the right: Does Darwinian theory actually support conservative philosophy? Doug Mills/The New York Times For Queen, Bush Will Try White Tie By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG and JIM RUTENBERG Workers prepare the White House for Monday’s state dinner for Queen Elizabeth II, her first visit since 1991. Slide Show: Preparations for a Queen Small Businesses’ Premiums Soar After One Illness By MILT FREUDENHEIM Small businesses may become a central issue in the debate over the problem of Americans without health insurance. N.Y. Schools Seek Higher Taxes Despite Extra Aid By FORD FESSENDEN School districts plan $691 million in new taxes just weeks after the State Legislature earmarked $900 million in aid. Interactive: Proposed Tax Levies, State Aid and STAR Rebates For Jockeys, Derby Starts With Choice of Mount By JOE DRAPE This year’s Kentucky Derby is wide open. But there is a way to find a winner: follow the jockey’s choice of horse. Graphic: The Derby Field | Field Screened for Blood-Doping MORE NEWS Tornado Injures Dozens in Kansas 1 minute ago Kenyan Jet With 114 Aboard Crashes 11 minutes ago Democrats’ Proposals Complicate Deal on Iraq Bill Not All Troops Would Report Abuse, Study Says Recordings Detail Response to Corzine’s Crash   Video » T Style: Living Spring 2007 Cover shoot video for the Spring Living issue of T: Style magazine. Go to T: Style Magazine » Books » Book Review Podcast Featuring Robert R. Harris on “The Joy of Drinking.” Dwight Garner, senior editor of the Book Review, is the host. Archive and How to Subscribe This Week\u0027s Book Review Podcast (mp3) News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Bush Urges Congress on New War Bill 8 minutes ago Reuters Soars on Approach, Thomson Touted as Bidder 12 minutes ago Philips No Easy Target for Investors, CEO Tells Paper 16 minutes ago Tornado Injures Dozens in Kansas 18 minutes ago In Sunday’s Times Book Review The “Bad for You” issue: Smoking, drinking and gambling. Sunday Styles Preppies who proudly call themselves preppies? Still? Yep. And downtown. Arts \u0026 Leisure A guide to the summer movie season, including a schedule. Opinion » Gawande: Health Inertia Op-Ed: Little Dogs Editorial: Warming Action New Columnist Schedule My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses New Developments Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad The Cliffs Communities America\u0027s Best Private Club Membership Place a Classified Ad » Hope for a Zero- Pollution Car Engineers are seeking ways to reduce the cost and improve the practicality of hydrogen-powered vehicles. PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Sharing Practical Truths, in Child-Size Measures We rarely tell our children that along the road they might have to compromise, or detour, or backtrack. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"We sell, install, support Computer products: Server, Desktop, Laptop, Workstation, Periphe...\"...... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.Travel » Fashion \u0026 Style » Sports » Television »Cohen: Roots of Israel’s Malaise Coastal Croatia by Bicycle: Sea, Sun, Truffles Gay Art: A Movement, or at Least a Moment Movie Gives the High Country a Close-Up The New Modern Woman, Ambitious and FeebleFast $7 Trades Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Photos, fine art, books and more. Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play. World » Scottish Nationalists Upset Labor in Elections News Analysis: U.S. Now Reaching Out to Those It Shunned Big Oil in Tiny Cambodia: The Burden of New Wealth U.S. » Tax to Pay for Health Plan in Illinois Faces Resistance Prominent Education Reformer to Lead New Orleans Schools At G.O.P. Debate, Candidates Played to Conservatives Washington » Education Dept. Starts Inquiry Into Possible Loan Conflicts News Analysis: U.S. Now Reaching Out to Those It Shunned U.S. Offers Modest Goals for Israelis and Palestinians to Pursue N.Y. / Region » Con Ed Seeks to Increase Electric Rates by Up to 17% Called, Increasingly, to a Somber Duty: Last Respects for the Military’s Dead Looking Back at 6 Decades of Subway Worker Deaths Science » Climate Panel Reaches Consensus on the Need to Reduce Harmful Emissions Beccles Journal: As the Climate Changes, Bits of England’s Coast Crumble Bill Proposes Climate Study Focused on U.S. Defense Health » Many of the Self-Employed Are Simply on Their Own Tax to Pay for Health Plan in Illinois Faces Resistance Gene Identified as Risk Factor for Heart Ills Education » Prominent Education Reformer to Lead New Orleans Schools Students May Have Paid Cash to Change Grades, College Says Education Dept. Starts Inquiry Into Possible Loan Conflicts Real Estate » The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Sketch Pad: The Good Bones Were Still There, Hidden Under the Additions In Florida, a Home Market Still in Flux Business » Rumors Fly on Microsoft and Yahoo Executive Pursuits: Hawking Hot Dogs: Some Are All-Stars and Then There’s ... Talking Business: Keeping Faith in a Venture Built on Faith Technology » Rumors Fly on Microsoft and Yahoo Contributors on YouTube May Share Advertising Revenue Talking Business: Keeping Faith in a Venture Built on Faith Sports » Nets 98, Raptors 97: Nets Advance and Adjust Their Travel Plans Sabres 2, Rangers 1: Sabres Steal Victory From Rangers Every Day, Trainer Has Fight of His Life Travel » The Heel Is Rising Explorer | The Istrian Peninsula: Coastal Croatia by Bicycle: Sea, Sun, Truffles Journeys | Indonesia: A Secret Garden of Golf (Mind the Jungle) Dining \u0026 Wine » The Heel Is Rising Food: The Way We Eat: Book of Revelations Against Moderation Home \u0026 Garden » Easy, Mr. Fix-It At Home With Patrick Blanc: All His Rooms Are Living Rooms In the Garden: Frogs Go Bump in the Night Fashion \u0026 Style » Pink Shirts Welcome Gay Art: A Movement, or at Least a Moment Matchmakers Know Superstars Need Love, Too Automobiles » Behind the Wheel: Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. Behind the Wheel | 2007 Toyota Tundra: Going Where Toyota’s Never Gone Before Motoring: It’s the Truth, but Not the Whole Truth Opinion » Editorial: The Warming Challenge Op-Ed Contributor: Nine Ways to Elect a President Leadership Woes at the World Bank (5 Letters) Arts » Film’s Wall Street Predator to Make a Comeback Television Review | \u0027Grey’s Anatomy\u0027: The New Modern Woman, Ambitious and Feeble Changing the Cast but Keeping the Quality Movies » Film’s Wall Street Predator to Make a Comeback The High Country Is Ready for Its Close-Up Movie Review | \u0027Spider-Man 3\u0027: Superhero Sandbagged Theater » Underground Veteran Resurfaces in a Basement Theater Review | \u0027LoveMusik\u0027: Speaking Love With Kurt and Lotte Theater Review | \u0027Cymbeline\u0027: Confusion and Deception as a Royal Family Affair Books » \u0027The Joy of Drinking,\u0027 by Barbara Holland: Against Moderation \u0027The Cigarette Century,\u0027 by Allan M. Brandt: Tobacco Road \u0027Send: The Essential Guide to Email for Office and Home,\u0027 By David Shipley and Will Schwalbe: You’ve Got Trouble Week in Review » Global Coolness: Carbon-Neutral Is Hip, but Is It Green? The World: In Russia, a Bridge Unburned The Perfect Weapon for the Meanest Wars Magazine » The Confessor A Disciplined Business Islamic Democrats? MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Fitness: A Healthy Mix of Rest and Motion Seeing No Progress, Some Schools Drop Laptops Parenting: Young, Gifted, and Not Getting Into Harvard Heart of Hawaii Movie Review | \u0027Away From Her\u0027: Time’s Wounds, and the Heart’s Easy, Mr. Fix-It Spirits of The Times: No, Really, It Was Tough: 4 People, 80 Martinis Havens | Williamstown, Mass.: Sometimes You Can Go Home Again Movie Review | \u0027Paris Je T’Aime\u0027: Paris as Cinematic Soufflé, From Quartier to Quartier and Director to Director A Split Emerges as Conservatives Discuss Darwin Go to Complete List » Clinton Proposes Vote to Reverse Authorizing War How a Number Became the Latest Web Celebrity Some Schools Drop Laptop Programs G.O.P. Contenders Ponder What to Say About Bush The Republican Presidential Candidates Debate G.O.P. Candidates Invoke Reagan as the Model for U.S. Policy on Iraq and Iran Iraqi Blocs Opposed to Draft Oil Bill Seeking an Edge, Florida Changes Its Primary Date Murdoch on Owning the Wall Street Journal Rice and Syrian Discuss Borders at Iraq Meeting Go to Complete List » sex immigration pet food recall music articles imus global warming virginia tech china iraq india Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/realestate Check out a basketball coach\u0027s ultramodern Milan loft Also in Real Estate: Tuscany: Where ancient meets modern Brussels: Affordable housing market in Europe Bulgaria and Romania: The new booming markets Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/realestateCheck out a basketball coach\u0027s ultramodern Milan loft Also in Real Estate: Tuscany: Where ancient meets modern Brussels: Affordable housing market in Europe Bulgaria and Romania: The new booming marketsTuscany: Where ancient meets modernBrussels: Affordable housing market in EuropeBulgaria and Romania: The new booming markets","article":""},"timeStamp":20070505142412,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
