{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Saddam Hussein was subjected to a battery of taunts by official Shiite witnesses and guards as he awaited his hanging.The recommendation would make New Jersey the first state in over 35 years to abolish the death penalty.Google, in typical eccentric fashion, has created an automated way to search for well-rounded candidates.In Pakistan, where publicly talking about sex is off limits, it takes a cross-dressing television host to take on the most sensitive subjects.Education is the one factor that researchers agree is consistently linked to longer lives in all countries where it has been studied.A 50-year-old construction worker jumped on the subway tracks to save a man as a train approached.Driven by slumps in learning and by high dropout rates later, educators are struggling to rethink middle school.Another grim milestone is reached in the war in Iraq: 3,000 U.S. military deaths.What do you think will happen to the economy and to Americans’ paychecks in 2007?“The King of Queens,” the television comedy, just hits the spot — the simple, happy sitcom spot.Gritty filmmaking and controversial subjects are the dominant qualities among the documentaries vying for Oscar nominations this year.Long neglected as one of Spain’s secondary cities, Valencia is attracting an increasing number of expatriates.,,,.GREAT 3+ DEN BED FAMILY APARTMENT... See All Featured PropertiesThis first of three different lists of 2006’s best picks is topped by the Porsche Cayman S and includes the Toyota FJ Cruiser and even a Buick.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.The future of the workplace will be determined by the feasibility of flexibility.established 12 years ..owner retiring...a must see beautiful place...... More DetailThe most notable dealmakers of 2006","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Iraq to Review Abusive Acts at Hussein’s Execution",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers\u0027 Opinions »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Arts »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comGreat Homes »Dining \u0026 Wine »World Business »Arts »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Panel Seeks End to Death Penalty for New JerseyGoogle Answer to Filling Jobs Is an AlgorithmWhen She Speaks, He Breaks Islam’s TaboosA Surprising Secret to a Long Life: Stay in SchoolA Man Down, a Train Arriving, and a Stranger Makes a ChoiceTrying to Find Solutions in Chaotic Middle SchoolsInteractive Feature: Faces of the DeadShare Your ThoughtsWal - Mart to Change Worker Scheduling System - ReportWednesday to Bring Final Rest for FordEverest Test for Beijing Torch in 2007U.S. Group Sues Nokia, Samsung Over BluetoothNever Underestimate the Average JoeHot-Button Controversy Rules Oscar ContendersLuring Americans to Spain446 EAST 86TH STREETSmall Wonders in a Big YearFlex Time for the Rest of Usyogurt health food cafeBartlett: Betraying Ford\u0027s LegacyBracing for Higher PremiumsTrying to Clear Absinthe\u0027s ReputationFighting Over Gold in the Land of DraculaMoMA Sells Adjacent Lot for $125 MillionAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 3 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 3 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB32006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsIraq to Review Abusive Acts at Hussein’s Execution By JOHN F. BURNS and JAMES GLANZ Saddam Hussein was subjected to a battery of taunts by official Shiite witnesses and guards as he awaited his hanging. Blair’s Deputy Calls Taunting at Execution ‘Deplorable’ More on The Lede Blog Back Story With John F. Burns (mp3) Panel Seeks End to Death Penalty for New Jersey By LAURA MANSNERUS The recommendation would make New Jersey the first state in over 35 years to abolish the death penalty. Blog: The Empire Zone Google Answer to Filling Jobs Is an Algorithm By SAUL HANSELL Google, in typical eccentric fashion, has created an automated way to search for well-rounded candidates. Akhtar Soomro for The New York Times When She Speaks, He Breaks Islam’s Taboos In Pakistan, where publicly talking about sex is off limits, it takes a cross-dressing television host to take on the most sensitive subjects.   The New Age A Surprising Secret to a Long Life: Stay in School By GINA KOLATA Education is the one factor that researchers agree is consistently linked to longer lives in all countries where it has been studied. Data on Hispanic Immigrants Presents Puzzle on Aging Video | Interactive Graphic | Other Articles in This Series A Man Down, a Train Arriving, and a Stranger Makes a Choice By CARA BUCKLEY A 50-year-old construction worker jumped on the subway tracks to save a man as a train approached. The Critical Years Trying to Find Solutions in Chaotic Middle Schools By ELISSA GOOTMAN Driven by slumps in learning and by high dropout rates later, educators are struggling to rethink middle school. Slide Show: Rethinking Middle School MORE NEWS Ford Is Remembered as Bringing ‘Grace to a Moment of Great Doubt’ Dollar’s Skid Puts a Glow on the Euro Agency Lifts Restrictions on Caviar Interactive Feature: Faces of the Dead Another grim milestone is reached in the war in Iraq: 3,000 U.S. military deaths. More: Analysis | Audio From Father to Son, Last Words | Ask a Question   Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts What do you think will happen to the economy and to Americans’ paychecks in 2007? Post a Comment Related Article News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Wal - Mart to Change Worker Scheduling System - Report 14 minutes ago Wednesday to Bring Final Rest for Ford 16 minutes ago Everest Test for Beijing Torch in 2007 26 minutes ago U.S. Group Sues Nokia, Samsung Over Bluetooth 30 minutes ago Arts » Never Underestimate the Average Joe “The King of Queens,” the television comedy, just hits the spot — the simple, happy sitcom spot. Movies » Hot-Button Controversy Rules Oscar Contenders Gritty filmmaking and controversial subjects are the dominant qualities among the documentaries vying for Oscar nominations this year. Opinion » Dowd: Strained Egos Friedman: A Hanging The Opinionator Editorial: Net Democracy My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Luring Americans to Spain Long neglected as one of Spain’s secondary cities, Valencia is attracting an increasing number of expatriates. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 446 EAST 86TH STREET ,,,.GREAT 3+ DEN BED FAMILY APARTMENT... See All Featured Properties Small Wonders in a Big Year This first of three different lists of 2006’s best picks is topped by the Porsche Cayman S and includes the Toyota FJ Cruiser and even a Buick. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Go to Photo Gallery Go to Calendar Search Car Listings » 25,000+ Tri-state listings More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Flex Time for the Rest of Us The future of the workplace will be determined by the feasibility of flexibility. Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print yogurt health food cafe established 12 years ..owner retiring...a must see beautiful place...... More Detail SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.Great Homes » Dining \u0026 Wine » World Business » Arts »Bartlett: Betraying Ford\u0027s Legacy Bracing for Higher Premiums Trying to Clear Absinthe\u0027s Reputation Fighting Over Gold in the Land of Dracula MoMA Sells Adjacent Lot for $125 MillionFast $7 Trades Photos, fine art, books and more. Help those who need it most. Donate to the Neediest Cases Fund today. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Switch to TD AMERITRADE and trade free for 45 days + get $100. World » An American University for Iraq but Not in Baghdad Israeli Admits Big Errors in Lebanon War, but Won’t Resign Euro-Wary Slovenians Already Miss Their Tolar U.S. » Same-Sex Marriage Setback in Massachusetts Ford’s Funeral Draws Array of Politicians and Dignitaries As Costs of Wildfires Grow, So Does a Question: Who Should Pay? Washington » Bush Says Plan Would Balance Budget by ’12 The Ex-Presidents’ Club Bids a Member Goodbye Ford’s Funeral Draws Array of Politicians and Dignitaries N.Y. / Region » For Some Moviegoers, It’s ‘Hooray for Bollywood’ Home Prices Fall Just a Bit; Brokers See ‘Soft Landing’ Political Paper Stolen, Giuliani Camp Says Science » The Energy Challenge: Wal-Mart Puts Some Muscle Behind Power-Sipping Bulbs Cancer Patients’ Wait Times Cost Billions In Atlanta, Medical Sleuths of Last Resort Health » Amgen Acquires Option for a Heart Failure Drug Starbucks Cuts Use of Trans Fats Essay: What’s Making Us Sick Is an Epidemic of Diagnoses Education » An American University for Iraq but Not in Baghdad A Princeton Maverick Succumbs to a Cultural Shift Advertising: Sensing Opportunity in Dormitory Air Real Estate » Luring Americans to Spain Moving for the Food Habitats | Upper West Side: A Former Studio, Still Chockablock With Art Business » Fighting Over Gold in the Land of Dracula Layoffs Imminent at Philadelphia Inquirer Economix: It’s the Year to Keep an Eye on Paychecks Technology » Patent Lawsuit Names Leading Technology Firms Qualcomm Under Scrutiny by Korean Antitrust Agency Young Turn to Web Sites Without Rules Sports » The Two Sides of Jim Tressel For Boise State, Winning Respect Is the Real Trick Numbers Put Up by the Defense Don’t Add Up to a Giants Title Travel » Holiday on Ice in St. Petersburg, With a Shot of Vodka on the Side Journeys: On the Back Lot at the Other Bollywood 36 Hours: London Dining \u0026 Wine » Be It Ever So Homespun, There’s Nothing Like Spin The Pour : Ancient Messages, Hidden in a Dusty Bottle From Long Ago Music and Food? The Pros Step In Home \u0026 Garden » Can This Living Room Be Saved? In the Heartland and Out of the Closet Going Mobile: All Hanging in Place, Even the Fishbowl Fashion \u0026 Style » Can Google Come Out to Play? The Graying of Naughty David Lynch’s Shockingly Peaceful Inner Life Automobiles » Small Wonders in a Big Year Green Icing on the Cake The Fast and the Frugal Opinion » Editorial: Protecting Internet Democracy Op-Ed Contributor: This Is Your Brain on Drugs, Dad 3,000 Americans: Let Us Remember (6 Letters) Arts » TV: Hey! Never Underestimate the Average Joe MoMA to Gain Exhibition Space by Selling Adjacent Lot for $125 Million Hot-Button Controversy Rules Oscar Contenders Movies » Hot-Button Controversy Rules Oscar Contenders From the Stage to the Movie Screen, Seeing the Dancer in a Different Light Movie Review | \u0027I Love You (Volim Te)\u0027: In Croatia, an Empty Life in Full View Theater » The Year of Leading Ladies on the London Stage Winter Garden\u0027s Drive Time Ends Theater Briefs Books » A Princeton Maverick Succumbs to a Cultural Shift \u0027American Islam,\u0027 by Paul M. Barrett: Muslims in the Melting Pot: Portraits of a Post-9/11 World Tillie Olsen, Feminist Writer, Dies at 94 Week in Review » Feared and Pitiless; Fearful and Pitiable Politics: Would-Be Presidents With Cold Shoulders Judiciary: The Kennedy Factor on the Roberts Court Magazine » The Lives They Lived Joseph J. Schildkraut | b. 1934: The Creative Mind Reader William C. Norris | b. 1911: The Bleeding-Heart Rationalist MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Free Will: Now You Have It, Now You Don’t The Energy Challenge: Wal-Mart Puts Some Muscle Behind Power-Sipping Bulbs Lock the Library! Rowdy Students Are Taking Over Essay: What’s Making Us Sick Is an Epidemic of Diagnoses Questions Couples Should Ask (Or Wish They Had) Before Marrying An Appreciation: From Father to Son, Last Words to Live By Young Turn to Web Sites Without Rules Music of the Hemispheres Editorial Observer: Middle School Girls Gone Wild Op-Ed Contributor: Second Thoughts on Gays in the Military Go to Complete List » Chaos Overran Iraq Plan in \u002706, Bush Team Says Rush to Hang Hussein Was Questioned Second Thoughts on Gays in the Military Wal-Mart Puts Muscle Behind Power-Sipping Bulbs As Iraqis Flee, Few Are Gaining Sanctuary in U.S. Faces of the Dead in Iraq Lock the Library! Rowdy Students Are Taking Over Chief Justice Advocates Higher Pay for Judiciary Wi-Fi Is Hitting the Road in Cars From Avis, but Technical and Legal Bumps Lie Ahead As New Congress Nears, House Democrats Could Be Headed for Own Divide Go to Complete List » saddam hussein hanging video saddam gerald ford best books of 2006 immigration iraq james brown china india crossword Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/business The most notable dealmakers of 2006 Also in Business: How the markets fared in 2006 Top 10 lists of 2006 Why James Cramer thinks \"2007 will be even bigger than 2006\" Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/businessThe most notable dealmakers of 2006 Also in Business: How the markets fared in 2006 Top 10 lists of 2006 Why James Cramer thinks \"2007 will be even bigger than 2006\"How the markets fared in 2006Top 10 lists of 2006Why James Cramer thinks \"2007 will be even bigger than 2006\"","article":""},"timeStamp":20070103095959,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
