{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"About 7 a.m. Thursday in Tehran (4:30 a.m. in London), the Britons arrived at the airport for an 8 a.m. commercial flight to London, Reuters said.Officials at three universities profited from the sale of shares held in a student loan company that each of the universities recommends to student borrowers.An arms-sale package that the U.S. is planning to offer Persian Gulf allies has been delayed because of objections from Israel.An effort by women to coax patients into treatment has been an effective way to tackle a tuberculosis epidemic.Sam Ross’s story, with its heart-rending arc from hardscrabble childhood to hardscrabble adulthood.Democrats raised a total of $78 million, compared with just over $51 million by their rivals, figures show.Fallout from the Supreme Court’s emissions ruling, the King of the Road at 40 and more.Which issue do you think presidential candidates need to address?Joe Sexton is answering reader questions this week.David Pogue on TiVo\u0027s plan to tap the Internet for new features.Low-cost laser scanners and printers to duplicate 3-D objects.Helio’s new phone, the Ocean, is getting plenty of buzz.Many borrowers, not just those at high risk of default, are finding loans harder to get, the process slower and the questions tougher.Recognized as the Best Luxury Second Home in the US.This year’s show will feature the latest in drive-it-yourself designs in a city better known for back-seat and below-ground transportation.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy.Take a road trip to the 30 major league baseball stadiums","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Iran Sets Free 15 Britons Seized at Sea in March",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers\u0027 Opinions »Talk to the NewsroomNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »Technology »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comTelevision »Style »Americas »Home \u0026 Garden »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Student Loans Led to Benefits by College AidesIsrael’s Protests Are Said to Stall Gulf Arms SaleHousewives Battle TB in BangladeshInjured in Iraq, a Soldier Is Shattered at HomeEarly ’08 Fund-Raising Has Clear Blue TintReports From the New York Auto ShowShare Your ThoughtsThe Metropolitan EditorGranderson Grand Slam Powers Tigers to Close WinNorth Korea Deadline Miss Won\u0027t Stop Aid: SeoulArenas Hurts Knee in Wizards Loss to BobcatsAT\u0026T Open to Italian Interests in Telecom: ReportTiVo Plays a Trump Card: Web SmartsBeaming Up 3-D Objects on a BudgetIPhone Killer (or Perhaps a Worthy Rival)The Battle for a MortgageThe Marbella ClubWay, Way Off Broadway, New York Auto Show Will Go OnWant to Be Praised? Share the LimelightWho’s Talking About Retirement?Mommy and Daddy’s Little Life CoachA Daughter Returns to El SalvadorNo Such Thing as JunkAnderson: Arnie’s ArmyAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 5 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 5 2006 2007 2008MAR APR MAY52006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel NEW Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsIran Sets Free 15 Britons Seized at Sea in March By SARAH LYALL About 7 a.m. Thursday in Tehran (4:30 a.m. in London), the Britons arrived at the airport for an 8 a.m. commercial flight to London, Reuters said. U.S. Weighs Iran Request to Visit Prisoners in Iraq | Times Topics: Timeline, Articles and More on the Standoff Photographs: A 12-Day Standoff | Video Back Story With Sarah Lyall (mp3) Student Loans Led to Benefits by College Aides By JONATHAN D. GLATER Officials at three universities profited from the sale of shares held in a student loan company that each of the universities recommends to student borrowers. Israel’s Protests Are Said to Stall Gulf Arms Sale By DAVID S. CLOUD and HELENE COOPER An arms-sale package that the U.S. is planning to offer Persian Gulf allies has been delayed because of objections from Israel. Tomas Munita for The New York Times Housewives Battle TB in Bangladesh By SOMINI SENGUPTA An effort by women to coax patients into treatment has been an effective way to tackle a tuberculosis epidemic. Injured in Iraq, a Soldier Is Shattered at Home By DEBORAH SONTAG Sam Ross’s story, with its heart-rending arc from hardscrabble childhood to hardscrabble adulthood. Slide Show: Sam Ross’s Story News Analysis Early ’08 Fund-Raising Has Clear Blue Tint By ADAM NAGOURNEY Democrats raised a total of $78 million, compared with just over $51 million by their rivals, figures show. Graphic: First-Quarter Report Card | Post a Comment Obama\u0027s Fund-Raising on Par With Clinton MORE NEWS U.N. Draft Cites Humans in Recent Climate Shifts Daimler’s Chief Confirms Talks to Sell Chrysler New York City Plans to Promote Circumcision Study Questions Exam to Detect Breast Cancer Wheels » Reports From the New York Auto Show Fallout from the Supreme Court’s emissions ruling, the King of the Road at 40 and more. Go to Complete Coverage »   Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts Which issue do you think presidential candidates need to address? Post a Comment Talk to the Newsroom The Metropolitan Editor Joe Sexton is answering reader questions this week. Send a Question More Talk to the Newsroom » News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Granderson Grand Slam Powers Tigers to Close Win 16 minutes ago North Korea Deadline Miss Won\u0027t Stop Aid: Seoul 23 minutes ago Arenas Hurts Knee in Wizards Loss to Bobcats 27 minutes ago AT\u0026T Open to Italian Interests in Telecom: Report 32 minutes ago Technology » TiVo Plays a Trump Card: Web Smarts David Pogue on TiVo\u0027s plan to tap the Internet for new features. Beaming Up 3-D Objects on a Budget Low-cost laser scanners and printers to duplicate 3-D objects. IPhone Killer (or Perhaps a Worthy Rival) Helio’s new phone, the Ocean, is getting plenty of buzz. Opinion » Herbert: Infrastructure The Opinionator Op-Art: Diagram of a Blog Editorial: Money Stacks My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Battle for a Mortgage Many borrowers, not just those at high risk of default, are finding loans harder to get, the process slower and the questions tougher. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad The Marbella Club Recognized as the Best Luxury Second Home in the US. Place a Classified Ad » Way, Way Off Broadway, New York Auto Show Will Go On This year’s show will feature the latest in drive-it-yourself designs in a city better known for back-seat and below-ground transportation. PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Want to Be Praised? Share the Limelight Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Place a Classified Ad » SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.Television » Style » Americas » Home \u0026 Garden »Who’s Talking About Retirement? Mommy and Daddy’s Little Life Coach A Daughter Returns to El Salvador No Such Thing as Junk Anderson: Arnie’s ArmyThe Slimmer, Smarter Samsung Blackjack™ Seize the day Off! Order a Free Maryland Kit today. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Rollover your IRA to E*TRADE Securities and receive up to $500. Fast $7 Trades Photos, fine art, books and more. World » U.S. Is Reviewing Request by Iran to Let Its Envoy Visit 5 Iranians Seized in a Raid in Iraq Pelosi’s Delegation Presses Syrian Leader on Militants Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian Trying to Plant a Bomb in Gaza U.S. » Pelosi’s Delegation Presses Syrian Leader on Militants Unusual Allies in a Legal Battle Over Texas Drivers’ Gun Rights No Charges for Missing Mobster’s Kin, Paper Says Washington » Bush Uses Recess to Fill Envoy Post and 2 Others Pelosi’s Delegation Presses Syrian Leader on Militants Obama Shows His Strength in a Fund-Raising Feat on Par With Clinton N.Y. / Region » Wealthy Connecticut School District Starts to Grapple With Racial Imbalance Bronx Man Pleads Guilty in Terror Case Outside Audit Is Promised for New Jersey Pension Fund Science » Joan of Arc’s Bone? No, an Even Odder Tale Discovery to Start Channel Focusing on Green Movement Bush Splits With Congress and States on Emissions Health » At Wal-Mart, Lessons in Self-Help Wrapped in Subway Logos, Free City Condom Is a Hit Gear Test: How Dry I’m Not (Sip, Sip) Education » Lesson for Newark’s Streets: Look Left, Right, Left Again Wealthy Connecticut School District Starts to Grapple With Racial Imbalance A Great Year for Ivy League Schools, but Not So Good for Applicants to Them Real Estate » Buyers Seek Historic or Period Homes Home Away: When You Buy Before It’s Built Square Feet: Condo Conversions Switch Gears to Go Commercial Business » Ford Chief Sticking to His Road Map for Turnaround Shell Expects Full Output From Nigeria Trust Sued Over Backing Retiree Plan Technology » Beaming Up 3-D Objects on a Budget Q \u0026 A: Moviemaking With VCD Google’s Chief Gets $1 in Pay; His Security Costs $532,755 Sports » The Masters: Woods Versus the Field, and Nicklaus’s 18 Majors Mets 10, Cardinals 0: Sweeping the Cardinals Looks as Easy as 1-2-3 For a Reds Prospect, Dreaming the Big League Dream, Again Travel » Practical Traveler | Airline Carry-On: For Your Next Trip, Stock Up on Dental Mitts Journeys | Baseball Vacations: All the World’s a Road Game Surfacing | Beijing: A New Frontier for Chinese Art Dining \u0026 Wine » Farewell, French Fries! Hello, Sliced Apples! Backyard Pests? Think of Them as Dinner On Easter, Symbolism and the Exuberance of Spring Home \u0026 Garden » No Such Thing as Junk From Europe, a No-Chlorine Backyard Pool In the Garden: Rethinking the Pots on an Old, Cracked Terrace Fashion \u0026 Style » We, Myself and I Mommy and Daddy’s Little Life Coach Skin Deep: These Salons Forgo Beauty Sleep Automobiles » Daimler Confirms Talks on Selling Chrysler Asia’s Automakers Show Sizable March Sales Gains Behind the Wheel: Way, Way Off Broadway, New York Auto Show Will Go On Opinion » Editorial: Running for Dollars Op-Ed Contributors: What We Can Learn From Britain About Iran Facing Reality About the War (8 Letters) Arts » Who’s Talking About Retirement? Mainstay Soprano Feels Snubbed by the Met The British Are Coming to Play American Roles Movies » Movie Review | \u0027The Reaping\u0027: Under the Spanish Moss, a River Runs Blood Red Movie Review | \u0027Black Book\u0027: Bedding That Nice Nazi, and Other Wartime Perils Movie Review | \u0027Firehouse Dog\u0027: Star Dog Loses His Way but Still Leads Humans Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Exits and Entrances\u0027: A Novice’s-Eye View of Life and Sense in Theater Theater Review | \u0027Matthew Passion\u0027: Connecting Theater to Sexuality and Faith Annual Festival of New Plays Gives America a Temperature Reading Books » \u0027What the Dead Know,\u0027 by Laura Lippman: Maybe She’s Reappeared; Definitely She’s a Mystery Impac Dublin Literary Award Finalists Announced Iowa Library’s Cat Has a Rich Second Life as a Biography Week in Review » Redux: Look Who’s Reboarding That Clintonian Shuttle J’accuse!: Gone Is the Swaggering Prince of Prosecution The Nation: The Complicated Power of the Vote to Nowhere Magazine » Re-education Obama’s Narrator What’s the One Thing Big Business and the Left Have in Common? MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched A Great Year for Ivy League Schools, but Not So Good for Applicants to Them An Arid West No Longer Waits for Rain For Girls, It’s Be Yourself, and Be Perfect, Too N.J. Pension Fund Endangered by Diverted Billions Op-Ed Contributor: The Rich Are More Oblivious Than You and Me Substitute Teacher Tells History Firsthand Editorial: It Didn’t End Well Last Time Vermont Becomes ‘Offshore’ Insurance Haven $500 Million Pledged to Fight Childhood Obesity Increasingly in the West, the Players Are From the East Go to Complete List » McCain Wrong on Iraq Security, Merchants Say New Leadership Is Seen on Rise Within Al Qaeda Clinton Campaign Shows an Early Fund-Raising Edge Justices Say E.P.A. Has Power to Act on Harmful Gases After 2000 Loss, Obama Built Donor Network From Roots Up 4 G.I.\u0027s Among Dead in Iraq; McCain Cites Progress Old Church Becomes Mosque in Uneasy Britain Florida Governor Is Hoping to Restore Felon Voting Rights Did the Red Sea Part? No Evidence, Archaeologists Say  Distract and Disenfranchise Go to Complete List » sex music \"cisco systems\" \"ibm\" best buy \"ca\" \"ca\" pet food recall immigration china israel australia Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/travel Take a road trip to the 30 major league baseball stadiums Also in Travel: Take a road trip down the California coast Take a road trip to find the perfect lobster roll Check out some more ideas for road trips Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/travelTake a road trip to the 30 major league baseball stadiums Also in Travel: Take a road trip down the California coast Take a road trip to find the perfect lobster roll Check out some more ideas for road tripsTake a road trip down the California coastTake a road trip to find the perfect lobster rollCheck out some more ideas for road trips","article":""},"timeStamp":20070405065435,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
