{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales had been consulted regularly about firing U.S. attorneys, his former chief of staff testified.Efforts by Shiite militiamen to drive Sunni Arabs from their homes in Baghdad have continued despite the efforts of the new security plan.France’s presidential campaign has been seized by a subject dear to the extreme right: how best to be French.From JFK to LAX, airports are trying to appeal to an increasingly captive audience. One cross-country traveler puts them to the test. Post a CommentThe first fund-raising period, which ends at midnight Saturday, has become a major test in the campaign.Medical mistakes and delays in care have been caused by some hospitals’ reluctance to use a digital record system.Iran insisted that Britain admit fault before any of the 15 captured British sailors and marines are released.What is your worst airport experience?If your kids are old enough to appreciate a great metropolitan center, they’ll love Atlanta.The New York City Hash House Harriers run here and there, but they always seem to wind up at a bar.If you buy when a building is just a glimmer in the developer’s eye, some nasty surprises can be in store unless you and your lawyer read the offering plan carefully.High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More DetailsWith the GMC Acadia and the Saturn Outlook, General Motors’ time appears to have been well spent.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Why workers fail to use a third of their vacation time, and why companies shouldn’t worry.\"Successful Vinyasa yoga business for sale in Northampton, MA.\"...... More DetailThe digital newspaper that reads like the real thing. Start your 30-day free trial!","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Ex-Aide Rejects Gonzales Stand Over Dismissals",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers\u0027 Opinions »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Escapes »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comArt \u0026 Design »Sports »Home \u0026 Garden »Style »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Iraqi Widow Saves Her Home, but Victory Is BriefTensions Over French Identity Shape Voter DrivesProject RunwayPresidential Candidates Focus on Fund-RaisingDisuse of System Is Cited in Gaps in Soldiers’ CareTehran Levels New Charges About Seized BritonsShare Your ThoughtsShark Deaths Endanger Scallop PopulationStorm Brings Tornadoes to PlainsGates Calls for Bill to Help Close GitmoNo Fading Star: Actress Gets Roles at 97Atlanta\u0027s AttractionsTracking Down the BeersThe Danger in the Fine PrintHarsen HouseG.M. Joins the Crossover Ball, at LastYou’ve Earned a Vacation. Dare You Take It?A More Precise Version of Your Chariot AwaitsAnderson: N.F.L.’s Most Notorious PlayerIt’s Not You, It’s Your ApartmentFace Yoga Takes Wrinkles to the MatAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 30 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 30 2006 2007 2008FEB MAR APR302006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel NEW Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsEx-Aide Rejects Gonzales Stand Over Dismissals By DAVID JOHNSTON and ERIC LIPTON 14 minutes ago Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales had been consulted regularly about firing U.S. attorneys, his former chief of staff testified. Video From the Testimony Graphic: New Testimony Back Story With Eric Lipton (mp3) Iraqi Widow Saves Her Home, but Victory Is Brief By EDWARD WONG 8 minutes ago Efforts by Shiite militiamen to drive Sunni Arabs from their homes in Baghdad have continued despite the efforts of the new security plan. Senate Approves Pullout | 100 Killed in Iraq Go to Complete Coverage » Tensions Over French Identity Shape Voter Drives By ELAINE SCIOLINO 30 minutes ago France’s presidential campaign has been seized by a subject dear to the extreme right: how best to be French. Kevin Moloney for the New York Times Project Runway By JOSHUA KURLANTZICK 5:50 PM ET From JFK to LAX, airports are trying to appeal to an increasingly captive audience. One cross-country traveler puts them to the test. Post a Comment Audio Slide Show: Lifestyles for Layovers Presidential Candidates Focus on Fund-Raising By ADAM NAGOURNEY and JEFF ZELENY 37 minutes ago The first fund-raising period, which ends at midnight Saturday, has become a major test in the campaign. Disuse of System Is Cited in Gaps in Soldiers’ Care By IAN URBINA and RON NIXON 10 minutes ago Medical mistakes and delays in care have been caused by some hospitals’ reluctance to use a digital record system. Tehran Levels New Charges About Seized Britons By ALAN COWELL 3 minutes ago Iran insisted that Britain admit fault before any of the 15 captured British sailors and marines are released. Video: Seized Britons | Text of 2nd Letter Attributed to Sailor MORE NEWS Giuliani Says Wife Could Go to Cabinet Meetings Panel Endorses New Anti-Tumor Treatment Drivers Shrug as Gasoline Prices Soar   Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts What is your worst airport experience? Post a Comment News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Shark Deaths Endanger Scallop Population 13 minutes ago Storm Brings Tornadoes to Plains 14 minutes ago Gates Calls for Bill to Help Close Gitmo 16 minutes ago No Fading Star: Actress Gets Roles at 97 18 minutes ago Escapes » Atlanta\u0027s Attractions If your kids are old enough to appreciate a great metropolitan center, they’ll love Atlanta. Tracking Down the Beers The New York City Hash House Harriers run here and there, but they always seem to wind up at a bar. Opinion » Friedman: Mideast Math The Opinionator Op-Ed: Pork Goes to War Editorial: Prosecutor Purge My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Danger in the Fine Print If you buy when a building is just a glimmer in the developer’s eye, some nasty surprises can be in store unless you and your lawyer read the offering plan carefully. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad Harsen House High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More Details Place a Classified Ad » G.M. Joins the Crossover Ball, at Last With the GMC Acadia and the Saturn Outlook, General Motors’ time appears to have been well spent. PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location You’ve Earned a Vacation. Dare You Take It? Why workers fail to use a third of their vacation time, and why companies shouldn’t worry. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"Successful Vinyasa yoga business for sale in Northampton, MA.\"...... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Art \u0026 Design » Sports » Home \u0026 Garden » Style »A More Precise Version of Your Chariot Awaits Anderson: N.F.L.’s Most Notorious Player It’s Not You, It’s Your Apartment Face Yoga Takes Wrinkles to the MatPhotos, fine art, books and more. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Rollover your IRA to E*TRADE Securities and receive up to $500. Donate to the 9/11 Neediest Medical Campaign today! Fast $7 Trades World » More Than 100 Are Killed in Iraq as a Wave of Sectarian Attacks Shows No Sign of Letting Up Heads of Arab States Prod Israel to Embrace Peace Offer Somalia Battle Leaves 30 Dead and Shreds Hopes for Peace U.S. » New Orleans Proposes to Invest in 17 Areas Shootings Add to Denver’s Anxiety, and Its Unsolved Crimes Roadblock for Spreading of Human Ashes in Wilderness Washington » Defying Bush, Senate Passes Iraq Spending Measure Planned House Vote on Armenian Massacre Angers Turks Justices Weigh Opening New Phase on Guantánamo N.Y. / Region » Hip-Hop Reverberates in a Silent World Bloomberg Details City’s Antipoverty Experiment N.J. Lawmaker Indicted in Medical School inquiry Science » Mammals Took Their Sweet Time to Flourish, Study Shows Report Says Interior Official Overrode Work of Scientists Uranium Ignites ‘Gold Rush’ in the West Health » Living With Alzheimer’s Before a Window Closes For Athletes, the Next Fountain of Youth? W.H.O. Urges Circumcision to Reduce Spread of AIDS Education » Colleges Hiring Lenders to Field Queries on Aid Hip-Hop Reverberates in a Silent World Indiana: Sorority Sues Depauw Real Estate » A House in Downtown Seville Square Feet: 2 Cities and 4 Bridges Where Commerce Flows Behind Foreclosures, Ruined Credit and Hopes Business » Dell Reports It Has Found ‘Misconduct’ Stockholders Oust Chief at Take-Two Honda Wants to Be Known for Safety Technology » Dell Reports It Has Found ‘Misconduct’ Stockholders Oust Chief at Take-Two Retirees Discover Video Games Sports » At Georgetown, a Player and His Ignominious Mark Power Atop the Yankees Looks to Remain a Steinbrenner Affair A 6-6 Center Blooms at Louisiana State Travel » The Talk: Omaha’s Culture Club Practical Traveler | Hotel Trends: The Latest Amenity: A Hypoallergenic Room Weekend in New York | At the Movies: An Eccentric Cinema Landscape Dining \u0026 Wine » The Chef: Joël Robuchon: Three Fish Walk Into a Bar... The Pour: Overcoming a Frat Party Reputation The Minimalist : Pancakes of the World, Dressed for Dinner Home \u0026 Garden » It’s Not You, It’s Your Apartment In The Garden: A Garden Miracle: Roses Made Easier Up in the Attic, New Millennium Style Fashion \u0026 Style » ... Having a Great Detox Child Wants Cellphone; Reception Is Mixed Skin Deep: Got Crow’s-Feet? Call the Downward Dog Automobiles » Nascar Finds New Car in a Tunnel No Bonuses for Top G.M. Executives Collecting: New-Generation Collectors Give Toyota Some Respect Opinion » Editorial: Story Time in the Senate Op-Ed Contributor: Pork Goes to War Bush vs. Congress Over the War (7 Letters) Arts » With the Greatest of Ease Retirees Discover Video Games A Featherless Audubon Menagerie Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Meet the Robinsons\u0027: A Nerdy Orphan Plows Ahead With a Lot of Familiar Novelties Movie Review | \u0027After the Wedding\u0027: Shifty Wedding Crashers: Secrets From the Past Movie Review | \u0027Blades of Glory\u0027: Live From the Rink, It’s Will Ferrell on Ice Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Essential Self-Defense\u0027: Under Ominous Cloud Formations, Ominous Anomie Theater Review | \u0027Be\u0027: Who Needs a Narrative? Just Look Good and Bang on Stuff Music Review | Betty Buckley: Making Lyrics a Monologue and Melodies High Drama Books » \u0027The Sun Over Breda,\u0027 by Arturo Pérez-Reverte: The Battle-Scarred Hero’s (Near) Legacy in Art Racy Letters From Hemingway to Dietrich to Be Unsealed Theater Review | \u0027The Year of Magical Thinking\u0027: The Sound of One Heart Breaking Week in Review » Calculus: Perks and Perils of a Heavy Gavel The Nation: Revealing All Before Anyone Else Can For Europe, a Moment to Ponder Magazine » The Washington Back Channel Head Trip Can You Live With the Voices in Your Head? MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched It’s Not You, It’s Your Apartment Living With Alzheimer’s Before a Window Closes Personal Health: You Are Also What You Drink Income Gap Is Widening, Data Shows Skin Deep: Got Crow’s-Feet? Call the Downward Dog Bare-Knuckle Enforcement for Wal-Mart’s Rules Basics: A Radio Station Just for You State of the Art: The Sermon on the Tapes García Márquez’s Shiner Ends Its 31 Years of Quietude Child Wants Cellphone; Reception Is Mixed Go to Complete List » Mindful of Past, Clinton Cultivates the Military U.S. Issued Protest Before Public Accusation on Iranian Weapons in Iraq Senate Backs a Pullout Date in Iraq War Bill Drop in Ad Revenue Raises Tough Question for Newspapers Poor Behavior Is Linked to Time in Day Care Gonzales Draws Strong Criticism of Prosecutors Saudi King Condemns U.S. Occupation of Iraq Burger King Shifts Policy on Animals Sweeps in Iraq Cram Two Jails With Detainees Republicans to Rely on President Bush\u0027s Veto to Block Troop Withdrawal Plan Go to Complete List » sex immigration china global warming iraq iran india long term care pet food recall health Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/timesreader The digital newspaper that reads like the real thing. Start your 30-day free trial! Also in Times Reader: What is Times Reader? Home delivery subscribers get Times Reader for free How to use Times Reader Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Explore TimesSelect with a no-risk 14-day free trial.nytimes.com/timesreaderThe digital newspaper that reads like the real thing. Start your 30-day free trial! Also in Times Reader: What is Times Reader? Home delivery subscribers get Times Reader for free How to use Times ReaderWhat is Times Reader?Home delivery subscribers get Times Reader for freeHow to use Times Reader","article":""},"timeStamp":20070330025859,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
