{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Not a single Republican, with the possible exception of Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, came to Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales’s defense.Legislation limiting abortions could face headwinds in states where Democrats made gains in the last election.By permitting an open round of political discussion, China’s leaders are casting themselves as progressives.Today\u0027s Web-only column looks at parliamentary maneuvers Republicans hope to use to pummel Democrats.Marlena Librescu today in Raanana, Israel, at the burial of her husband, Liviu, a Holocaust survivor who was killed during the Virginia Tech shooting rampage.Virginia’s governor has requested a moment of silence at noon today as part of a day of mourning.Read profiles of the Virginia Tech victims and share your thoughts and memories.Two behemoths are vying for a $5 million contract to bring 21st-century illumination to the skyscraper.Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is expected to advocate charging drivers to enter sections of Manhattan.An interactive tour of the renovated Greco-Roman wing of the Metropolitan Museum, with panoramic images, details on the space, commentary by Michael Kimmelman and a video feature.Trish Hall is answering reader questions this week.Think of the British action parody “Hot Fuzz” as “The Full Monty” blown to smithereens, writes Manohla Dargis.“Fracture” offers tasty treats, Manohla Dargis says.A preview of the Tribeca Film Festival: a three-ring circus and a temple of high art.Some tenants have very clear ideas about how they want to live, and spending $5,000, $30,000, even $100,000 on their apartments is no deterrent.Central Village Loft TriplexJUST LISTED: ... See All Featured PropertiesAt the New York International Auto Show, doors swing open to reveal push-button starters — no key necessary.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy.\"Eco Sensitive resort with self-contained canvas cabins, each with an ocean view, located o...\"...... More DetailWhich city are Marlon Brando, Fred Astaire, Henry Fonda and Nick Nolte from?","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"On a Very Hot Seat With Little Cover and Less Support",".snippet":"","h4":"Talk to the Newsroom »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comMovies »Escapes »Arts »World »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"New Push Likely for Restrictions Over AbortionsIn China, Talk of Democracy Is Simply ThatVirginia Tech Victim Buried in IsraelThe Lede: A Day to RememberThe VictimsEmpire State Building Seeks Best of the BrightestBloomberg to Unveil Long-Term Vision for CityThe Met’s New Greek and Roman GalleriesThe Living EditorGates: Iraq Progress to Set Troop LevelsVa. Tech Plans a Day of MourningMcDonald\u0027s 1Q Profit Climbs 22 PercentHoneywell’s Profit Rises on Strong Sales GrowthControlled ChaosCat and MouseA Serious PartySinking Your Money Into a RentalEast 12th StreetCar Keys Could Go the Way of Tail FinsWant to Be Praised? Share the LimelightMovie MinutesFishing in ViequesListening With Dianne ReevesDefying a Clan Code of SilenceWarner: Mean Grown-UpsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 20 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 20 2006 2007 2008MAR APR MAY202006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsNews Analysis On a Very Hot Seat With Little Cover and Less Support By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG Not a single Republican, with the possible exception of Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, came to Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales’s defense. Harsh Session for Gonzales | The Caucus: Blogs React Times Topics: Alberto R. Gonzales Back Story With The Times’s Sheryl Stolberg (mp3) New Push Likely for Restrictions Over Abortions By KIRK JOHNSON Legislation limiting abortions could face headwinds in states where Democrats made gains in the last election. News Analysis: Adjudging a Moral Harm to Women From Abortions In China, Talk of Democracy Is Simply That By JOSEPH KAHN By permitting an open round of political discussion, China’s leaders are casting themselves as progressives. Today\u0027s Web-only column looks at parliamentary maneuvers Republicans hope to use to pummel Democrats. Post a Comment David Furst/AFP -- Getty Images Virginia Tech Victim Buried in Israel By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 21 minutes ago Marlena Librescu today in Raanana, Israel, at the burial of her husband, Liviu, a Holocaust survivor who was killed during the Virginia Tech shooting rampage. Liviu Librescu: Profile | Personal Page | Share Your Thoughts Writings Show Killer\u0027s Anger | University Explains Student\u0027s Return Go to Complete Coverage » The Lede: A Day to Remember By MIKE NIZZA 7:54 AM ET Virginia’s governor has requested a moment of silence at noon today as part of a day of mourning. The Victims Read profiles of the Virginia Tech victims and share your thoughts and memories. Video: The Victims Graphic: The Rampage Empire State Building Seeks Best of the Brightest By GLENN COLLINS 9:31 AM ET Two behemoths are vying for a $5 million contract to bring 21st-century illumination to the skyscraper. Bloomberg to Unveil Long-Term Vision for City By DIANE CARDWELL and CHARLES V. BAGLI Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is expected to advocate charging drivers to enter sections of Manhattan. Mayor Presents Wish List Parts of School Budget Proposal Revised MORE NEWS Bank Group to Decide Wolfowitz’s Fate 1 minute ago U.S. Releases Cuban Bombing Suspect Arts » The Met’s New Greek and Roman Galleries An interactive tour of the renovated Greco-Roman wing of the Metropolitan Museum, with panoramic images, details on the space, commentary by Michael Kimmelman and a video feature. Video | Related Review Times Topics: More on the Met   Talk to the Newsroom » The Living Editor Trish Hall is answering reader questions this week. Submit a Question More Talk to the Newsroom » News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Gates: Iraq Progress to Set Troop Levels 8 minutes ago Va. Tech Plans a Day of Mourning 10 minutes ago McDonald\u0027s 1Q Profit Climbs 22 Percent 17 minutes ago Honeywell’s Profit Rises on Strong Sales Growth 19 minutes ago Movies » Controlled Chaos Think of the British action parody “Hot Fuzz” as “The Full Monty” blown to smithereens, writes Manohla Dargis. Cat and Mouse “Fracture” offers tasty treats, Manohla Dargis says. A Serious Party A preview of the Tribeca Film Festival: a three-ring circus and a temple of high art. Opinion » Friedman: Slow Growth Krugman: On Medicare The Opinionator Editorial: Gonzales My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Sinking Your Money Into a Rental Some tenants have very clear ideas about how they want to live, and spending $5,000, $30,000, even $100,000 on their apartments is no deterrent. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad East 12th Street Central Village Loft TriplexJUST LISTED: ... See All Featured Properties Place a Classified Ad » Car Keys Could Go the Way of Tail Fins At the New York International Auto Show, doors swing open to reveal push-button starters — no key necessary. PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Want to Be Praised? Share the Limelight Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"Eco Sensitive resort with self-contained canvas cabins, each with an ocean view, located o...\"...... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Movies » Escapes » Arts » World »Movie Minutes Fishing in Vieques Listening With Dianne Reeves Defying a Clan Code of Silence Warner: Mean Grown-UpsThe Slimmer, Smarter Samsung Blackjack™ Photos, fine art, books and more. Rollover your IRA to E*TRADE Securities and receive up to $500. Fast $7 Trades Seize the day Off! Order a Free Maryland Kit today. Plans for major canal expansion add to realty market boom. World » Wolfowitz Backed Friend for Iraq Contract in ’03 Killings of Afghan Civilians Recall Haditha News Analysis: Nigeria Frets Over How to Give Voters a Real Say U.S. » Anger of Killer Was on Exhibit in His Writings NBC News Defends Its Use of Material Sent by the Killer Experts Shy From Instant Diagnoses of Gunman’s Mental Illness, but Hints Abound Washington » Gonzales Endures Harsh Session With Senate Panel Wolfowitz Backed Friend for Iraq Contract in ’03 Bush, on Friendly Turf, Suggests History Will Be Kind to Him N.Y. / Region » Former Judge Is Convicted of Bribery in Divorce Court Healing 27-Year Rift, Yonkers Settles a Fight Over Housing Segregation In Wishing Corzine Well, Sympathy Is Mixed With Resentment Science » Global Effort to Save Endangered Crops Gets $37.5 Million Infusion Advertising: Today’s Topic Is Solar Energy Systems In Nod to Consumer Tastes, Nissan to Sell Cleaner Cars Health » Pill That Eliminates the Period Gets Mixed Reviews Doctors Try New Surgery for Gallbladder Removal Trial of Amgen Drug May Dispel Some Safety Concerns Education » Anger of Killer Was on Exhibit in His Writings New York Plans to Sue Drexel U. in Loans Inquiry Mayor Revises Some Points of School Budget Proposal Real Estate » Away: Playing Chef in a Little Kitchen on the Shore Havens | Kingston, N.Y.: A Historic River City Is Losing Its Backwater Reputation Breaking Ground: Maluaka and the Cottages at Canoe Bay Business » Pill That Eliminates the Period Gets Mixed Reviews Ex-Chief at Qwest Found Guilty of Insider Trading Profits Up 69% at Google, Exceeding Expectations Technology » Ex-Chief at Qwest Found Guilty of Insider Trading Profits Up 69% at Google, Exceeding Expectations Big Money in Little Screens Sports » Yankees 8, Indians 6: Rodriguez Caps Two-Out, Six-Run Rally Mets 11, Marlins 3: Lineup Changes, but Not the Way the Mets Hit First to the Second Round, Rangers Take Time to Rest Travel » 36 Hours in Dublin Frugal Traveler | Puerto Rico: A Cheap Room Puts Old San Juan Within Reach Solitude and the Sea Dining \u0026 Wine » Veal to Love, Without the Guilt Organic Milk Supply Expected to Surge as Farmers Pursue a Payoff Union, in Organizing Fight, Tangles With Celebrity Cook Home \u0026 Garden » Kips Bay, Where Everything Glitters Stepfamilies Try to Stretch Their Space Remaking Home, One Stick of Furniture at a Time Fashion \u0026 Style » The Biggest Sell Is the Audition But What if You Get Hit by a Taxi? Present at the Creation, and End, of Nouvelle Society Automobiles » Collecting: A Dream Weaver Threads Together the Best of 3 Classic Chevys In Nod to Consumer Tastes, Nissan to Sell Cleaner Cars Chrysler Plans to Build Engine and Axle Plants in Southern Michigan Opinion » Editorial: Gonzales v. Gonzales Op-Ed Contributor: Building a Better Lockdown A Sharp Turn for the Supreme Court on Abortion (9 Letters) Arts » Art Review: Classical Treasures, Bathed in a New Light Film: Feast of Serious Cinema; Partygoers Welcome Listening With Dianne Reeves: Looking Beyond the Phrasing, to the Spirit Movies » Film: Feast of Serious Cinema; Partygoers Welcome Movie Review | \u0027Hot Fuzz\u0027: Banished to the Country, a Too-Good Cop Finds an Action-Movie Parody Movie Review | \u0027Fracture\u0027: Playing a Game of Cat and Mouse Without Breaking a Sweat Theater » Seeking the Nixon Behind the Caricature For a Versatile Director, a Season of Trilogies Theater Review | \u0027The View From K Street Steak\u0027: It’s Politics, You Dummy Books » \u0027The Summer of 1787,\u0027 by David O. Stewart: The Long Hot Summer and the More Perfect Union Antiques: Rare Books, New Worlds \u0027The Wild Trees,\u0027 by Richard Preston: Where the Redwoods Grow, the Oddballs Also Flourish Week in Review » Radio Days: Hey, That’s (Not) Funny Books: Playing Along With Imus Campaign 2008: The Unsure Bet of the Heir Presumptive Magazine » The Power of Green Shannon Briggs Says Nyet Battle Over the Banlieues MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched But What if You Get Hit by a Taxi? Pill That Eliminates the Period Gets Mixed Reviews Practical Traveler | Online Fares: If It’s Good, Is It Too Good to Be True? Laws Limit Options When a Student Is Mentally Ill Bereft of BlackBerrys, the Untethered Make Do Art Review: Classical Treasures, Bathed in a New Light Iran Exonerates Six Who Killed in Islam’s Name Kitty Carlisle Hart, a New York Blend of Actress, Singer and Arts Advocate, Dies at 96 Doctors Try New Surgery for Gallbladder Removal Editorial: Denying the Right to Choose Go to Complete List » In Reversal, Justices Back Ban on Method of Abortion Package Forced NBC to Make Tough Decisions Iran Exonerates Six Who Killed in Islam\u0027s Name Gunman Showed Hints of Anger and Isolation Supreme Court Upholds Ban on Abortion Procedure Two-Hour Delay Is Linked to Bad Lead The Killer in the Lecture Hall Bombs Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 171 U.S. Says Iranian Arms Seized in Afghanistan Two-Hour Delay Is Linked to Bad Lead Go to Complete List » sex virginia tech pet food recall immigration imus china global warming iraq cho seung-hui columbia Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/travel Which city are Marlon Brando, Fred Astaire, Henry Fonda and Nick Nolte from? Also in Travel: What is Portland, Oregon\u0027s answer to SoHo? How did the Extraterrestrial Highway get its name? A little luxe on the Jersey Shore Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/travelWhich city are Marlon Brando, Fred Astaire, Henry Fonda and Nick Nolte from? Also in Travel: What is Portland, Oregon\u0027s answer to SoHo? How did the Extraterrestrial Highway get its name? A little luxe on the Jersey ShoreWhat is Portland, Oregon\u0027s answer to SoHo?How did the Extraterrestrial Highway get its name?A little luxe on the Jersey Shore","article":""},"timeStamp":20070420152351,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
