{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Nicolas Sarkozy earned a decisive victory today over Ségolène Royal, keeping the right in power for another five years. Turnout was estimated at 85 percent of France’s registered voters.Supporters of Nicolas Sarkozy celebrated his victory today in Paris.The news of Roger Clemens’s return came during the Yankees game against the Seattle Mariners.A poisonous solvent sold by counterfeiters and mixed into drugs has figured in mass poisonings around the world that killed thousands.One of the attacks against U.S. forces occurred in Diyala, where six soldiers and a journalist were killed.Extended tours could increase the likelihood that soldiers lash out at civilians, a Pentagon report suggested.Abdullah Gul withdrew his candidacy for Turkey’s presidency today, ending a political struggle.A special issue of The Times Magazine on how we age and how we live.Cover shoot video for the Spring Living issue of T: Style magazine.The rare place where readers of Archeology and Wallpaper magazines can clink glasses with equal zeal.Challenging courses in jungles or on mountains with \"beautiful caddies.\"In Saudi Arabia, a debate about changing familiar habits.The “Bad for You” issue: Smoking, drinking and gambling.Gay male art: A new movement, or at least a moment.Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes.High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More DetailsSome car buyers find that certification doesn’t protect them.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Yes, there are sensible ways to look into a new career while keeping your old one.Successful high-end design firm of museum quality collectibles seeks capital of $1.5mm to ......... More DetailFormer President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"French Voters Pick Sarkozy to Be President; Turnout High",".snippet":"","h4":"Video »Travel »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »In Sunday’s TimesOpinion »Inside NYTimes.comBooks »Television »N.Y. / Region »Dance »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Clemens Is Returning to the YankeesFrom China to Panama, a Trail of Poisoned MedicineBombings Kill 8 U.S. Soldiers and 30 IraqisStress on Troops Adds to U.S. Hurdles in IraqTurkish Candidate With Islamic Base WithdrawsThe New Middle AgesT Style: Living Spring 200736 Hours in IstanbulA Secret Garden of Golf in IndonesiaSearch TravelDuncan Scores 33 As Spurs Defeat SunsFielder Homers Lead Brewers Past PiratesAt Jazz Fest, Final Acts Mean TraditionReds Beat Rockies to Break Losing StreakWeek in ReviewBook ReviewSunday StylesThe Guy Who Picks the Best Places to LiveHarsen HouseCertified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always.What to Do About Wanderlust‘The Joy of Drinking’: Against ModerationApplebome: Duty and Danger at West PointThe City: A Revisionist Robert MosesWhere Are All the Black Swans?About UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 6 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 6 2006 2007 2008APR MAY JUN62006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsFrench Voters Pick Sarkozy to Be President; Turnout High By KATRIN BENNHOLD and ELAINE SCIOLINO 46 minutes ago Nicolas Sarkozy earned a decisive victory today over Ségolène Royal, keeping the right in power for another five years. Turnout was estimated at 85 percent of France’s registered voters. Man in the News: Nicolas Sarkozy | Video Profile Ruth Fremson/The New York Times Supporters of Nicolas Sarkozy celebrated his victory today in Paris. Week in Review: In France, Change Is a Loser | Times Topics Clemens Is Returning to the Yankees By DAVID PICKER 3:42 PM ET The news of Roger Clemens’s return came during the Yankees game against the Seattle Mariners. Yankees 5, Mariners 0 From China to Panama, a Trail of Poisoned Medicine By WALT BOGDANICH and JAKE HOOKER A poisonous solvent sold by counterfeiters and mixed into drugs has figured in mass poisonings around the world that killed thousands. Video: Path of Poison Interactive Graphic Ask a Question Bombings Kill 8 U.S. Soldiers and 30 Iraqis By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 5 minutes ago One of the attacks against U.S. forces occurred in Diyala, where six soldiers and a journalist were killed. G.O.P. Leader Says Results Needed in Iraq by Fall 3:39 PM ET News Analysis Stress on Troops Adds to U.S. Hurdles in Iraq By BENEDICT CAREY Extended tours could increase the likelihood that soldiers lash out at civilians, a Pentagon report suggested. Antiwar Groups Influence Democrats | Go to Complete Coverage » Turkish Candidate With Islamic Base Withdraws By SABRINA TAVERNISE 1:38 PM ET Abdullah Gul withdrew his candidacy for Turkey’s presidency today, ending a political struggle. MORE NEWS Survivor Search Continues in Kansas 5:20 PM ET Jet’s Wreckage Found in Cameroon 5 minutes ago Afghan Soldier Kills 2 U.S. Soldiers 4:50 PM ET Peacekeepers’ Plane Crashes in Egypt 2:10 PM ET Tony Blair Prepares for a Subdued Exit The Magazine » The New Middle Ages A special issue of The Times Magazine on how we age and how we live. Video: In ‘Naked,’ Baby Boomers Talk About Sex Crossword: Former President Clinton Provides the Clues     Video » T Style: Living Spring 2007 Cover shoot video for the Spring Living issue of T: Style magazine. Go to T: Style Magazine » Travel » 36 Hours in Istanbul The rare place where readers of Archeology and Wallpaper magazines can clink glasses with equal zeal. A Secret Garden of Golf in Indonesia Challenging courses in jungles or on mountains with \"beautiful caddies.\" Search Travel News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Duncan Scores 33 As Spurs Defeat Suns 13 minutes ago Fielder Homers Lead Brewers Past Pirates 14 minutes ago At Jazz Fest, Final Acts Mean Tradition 15 minutes ago Reds Beat Rockies to Break Losing Streak 16 minutes ago In Sunday’s Times Week in Review In Saudi Arabia, a debate about changing familiar habits. Book Review The “Bad for You” issue: Smoking, drinking and gambling. Sunday Styles Gay male art: A new movement, or at least a moment. Opinion » Rich: Condi’s Culpability Dowd: Ségo’s Egomania Editorial: Scandal Grows Public Editor: Final Words My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Bert Sperling feeds statistics in 10 categories into his computer, and voilà, rankings emerge for all kinds of tastes. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses New Developments Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad Harsen House High luxury, LEED-certified green homes More Details Place a Classified Ad » Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. Some car buyers find that certification doesn’t protect them. Share Your Thoughts PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location What to Do About Wanderlust Yes, there are sensible ways to look into a new career while keeping your old one. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Successful high-end design firm of museum quality collectibles seeks capital of $1.5mm to ......... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)America\u0027s Oil Change (Oct. 30, 1997)Books » Television » N.Y. / Region » Dance »‘The Joy of Drinking’: Against Moderation Applebome: Duty and Danger at West Point The City: A Revisionist Robert Moses Where Are All the Black Swans?Photos, fine art, books and more. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Fast $7 Trades Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank World » Man in the News: Nicolas Sarkozy: Winning the Chance to Prove His Critics Wrong Propaganda Fear Cited in Account of Iraqi Killings Colombia Unearths Victims of Violence U.S. » Antiwar Groups Use New Clout to Influence Democrats on Iraq A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Sways Judiciary American Album: Torn From Parents, a Top Speller Vents His Anger, Letter by Letter Washington » Antiwar Groups Use New Clout to Influence Democrats on Iraq A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Sways Judiciary Propaganda Fear Cited in Account of Iraqi Killings N.Y. / Region » Not Hot Just Yet, but Newark Is Starting to Percolate Corzine to Resume Duties as Governor on Monday States Ponder Laws to Keep Web Predators From Children Science » When Carbon Is Currency Walking on the Wild Side of a Montana University The Island: Getting the Most Bang Out of Quarks and Gluons Health » Small Businesses’ Premiums Soar After Illness Many of the Self-Employed Are Simply on Their Own Tax to Pay for Health Plan in Illinois Faces Resistance Education » Walking on the Wild Side of a Montana University School Financing: Increased State Aid or Not, Districts Seek Higher Taxes A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Sways Judiciary Real Estate » The Guy Who Picks the Best Places to Live Sketch Pad: The Good Bones Were Still There, Hidden Under the Additions In Florida, a Home Market Still in Flux Business » Businesses Try to Make Money and Save the World Subpoena Issued in Dow Jones Stock Inquiry Dealbook: What to Do When Rupert Calls? Technology » Spending: A Two-Wheeled Option (With a Battery) for Commuters States Ponder Laws to Keep Web Predators From Children When Carbon Is Currency Sports » Yankees 5, Mariners 0: Rasner Makes His Case to Stay in Rotation Sabres 5, Rangers 4: Rangers’ Playoff Run Comes to an End Cavaliers 81, Nets 77: Cavaliers Defeat Nets in Series Opener Travel » The Heel Is Rising Explorer | The Istrian Peninsula: Coastal Croatia by Bicycle: Sea, Sun, Truffles Journeys | Indonesia: A Secret Garden of Golf (Mind the Jungle) Dining \u0026 Wine » The Heel Is Rising Food: The Way We Eat: Book of Revelations Against Moderation Home \u0026 Garden » Easy, Mr. Fix-It At Home With Patrick Blanc: All His Rooms Are Living Rooms In the Garden: Frogs Go Bump in the Night Fashion \u0026 Style » Pink Shirts Welcome Gay Art: A Movement, or at Least a Moment Matchmakers Know Superstars Need Love, Too Automobiles » Behind the Wheel: Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. Behind the Wheel | 2007 Toyota Tundra: Going Where Toyota’s Never Gone Before Motoring: It’s the Truth, but Not the Whole Truth Opinion » Editorial: A Scandal That Keeps Growing Op-Ed Contributor: Hail to the Analysand A Family Torn Apart by Deportation (8 Letters) Arts » Dance: Where Are All the Black Swans? A Prince of Pulp, Legit at Last Wizards in the Studio, Anonymous on the Street Movies » ‘Spider-Man 3’ Conquers Box Office and Bodes Well for Summer Defending Goliath: Hollywood and the Art of the Blockbuster Why the Movies Keep Digging Into TV’s Bottomless Dustbin Theater » Ah, the Days of Spectacle and Bad Taste Faith Confronted, and Defended, Downtown Juilliard Recasts the Role of Mentor Books » \u0027The Joy of Drinking,\u0027 by Barbara Holland: Against Moderation \u0027The Cigarette Century,\u0027 by Allan M. Brandt: Tobacco Road \u0027Send: The Essential Guide to Email for Office and Home,\u0027 By David Shipley and Will Schwalbe: You’ve Got Trouble Week in Review » Nervous Energy: The (Not So) Eagerly Modern Saudi The In Crowd: Playing ‘Survivor’ in Washington Ideas \u0026 Trends: Rupert Murdoch, Once the Outsider Magazine » The New Middle Ages: The Older-and-Wiser Hypothesis The New Middle Ages: A Longer, Better Life The New Middle Ages: Self-Nonmedication MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched From China to Panama, a Trail of Poisoned Medicine Television Review | \u0027Grey’s Anatomy\u0027: The New Modern Woman, Ambitious and Feeble Businesses Try to Make Money and Save the World Fitness: A Healthy Mix of Rest and Motion You’ve Got Trouble The New Middle Ages: Self-Nonmedication A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Sways Judiciary 36 Hours in Istanbul The New Middle Ages: The Older-and-Wiser Hypothesis Pink Shirts Welcome Go to Complete List » A Split Emerges as Conservatives Discuss Darwin Some Schools Drop Laptop Programs Clinton Proposes Vote to Reverse Authorizing War A Liberal Case for Gun Rights Helps Sway Judiciary On White Tie, Bush Bows to Queen and First Lady The Republican Presidential Candidates Debate G.O.P. Candidates Invoke Reagan as the Model for U.S. Policy on Iraq and Iran Seeking an Edge, Florida Changes Its Primary Date The U.S. Attorney, the G.O.P. Congressman and the Timely Job Offer Murdoch on Owning the Wall Street Journal Go to Complete List » sex french election immigration china virginia tech iraq india global warming kentucky derby france Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/magazine Former President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now. Also in Magazine: Watch \"Naked\" —a film about sex in the baby boomer generation Watch aging experts discuss the science of longevity How wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdom. Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/magazineFormer President Bill Clinton wrote the clues to this online-only, free crossword! Solve it now. Also in Magazine: Watch \"Naked\" —a film about sex in the baby boomer generation Watch aging experts discuss the science of longevity How wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdom.Watch \"Naked\" —a film about sex in the baby boomer generationWatch aging experts discuss the science of longevityHow wise are you? Click here to measure your wisdom.","article":""},"timeStamp":20070506225741,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
