{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Under a plan by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, California would become the largest state to attempt to provide near universal health coverage.In recordings played in court, Saddam Hussein was heard justifying the use of chemical weapons against the Iraqi Kurds.Some Senate Democrats and the Bush administration object to security mandates in the plan, citing concerns about cost and practicality.First glances at 2007 cars. Plus a new blog, Wheels.Florida stunned college football by blowing undefeated Ohio State off the field, 41-14, in the Bowl Championship Series title game.Special Forces units are conducting a hunt for Qaeda operatives who have fled Mogadishu, the capital.President Bush chose as the new chief White House lawyer Fred F. Fielding, a longtime Washington legal hand.An odor that lingered in Manhattan left officials with a mystery and a few conspiracy theories to sort through.A series of ousters reflect the uneasy relationship between those running colleges and those teaching at them.The nation’s biggest home insurer is close to settling hundreds of lawsuits over its payments for homes hit by Hurricane Katrina.Katy Roberts is responding this week to reader questions about the Week in Review section.A new branch of geology plots the changing face of the planet.Does a pessimistic outlook doom one to a short life?Researchers are shoring up the last and largest cult center built to honor an Egyptian king.New penthouses are selling faster than anything beneath them.Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More DetailsA dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work.\"If your company is looking for quality technology service and support, DCG, Inc. provides\"...... More DetailHomes in Florida, Colorado and Arizona for around $1.5 million","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"California’s Governor Seeks Universal Care",".snippet":"","h4":"Talk to the NewsroomNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »Science Times »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comArts »N.Y. / Region »Washington »Magazine »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Hussein’s Voice Speaks in Court in Praise of AtrocitiesHouse Democrats’ Security Bill Draws DoubtsDetroit Auto ShowWith Big Victory, Florida Shows It BelongsU.S. Airstrike Aims at Qaeda Cell in SomaliaReagan Lawyer Ready to Return to White HouseA Rotten Smell Raises Alarms and QuestionsAt Universities, Plum Post at Top Is Now ShakyState Farm Is Settling Gulf ClaimsWeek in Review Editor\"Many Dead\" in U.S. Strike in Somalia - GovernmentMonday\u0027s College BasketballSmith\u0027s Future Shaped by Clarett\u0027sWildfire Burns Four Mansions in MalibuGlobal Forecast: Fewer ContinentsAnother Worry for PessimistsBefore the PyramidsThe Lure of Living Above It All110 Central Park SouthWhen Dream Cars Collide With Real-World DemandsWhen the Office Becomes Your Day Care Center\"Computer Consulting, Programming \u0026 Service/Support\"New Rock and Roll Hall of FamersInteractive Graphic: New Downtown Transit HubStanley Fish on ‘Dreamgirls’At the Capitol, Glimpses of a Work in ProgressThe Drug Czar of SportsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 9 2006 2007 2008 32,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 9 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB92006 2007 200832,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsCalifornia’s Governor Seeks Universal Care By JENNIFER STEINHAUER Under a plan by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, California would become the largest state to attempt to provide near universal health coverage. In ’05, Medical Bills Grew at Slowest Pace in 6 Years Hussein’s Voice Speaks in Court in Praise of Atrocities By JOHN F. BURNS In recordings played in court, Saddam Hussein was heard justifying the use of chemical weapons against the Iraqi Kurds. White House Gears Up to Sell Plan for Troop Increase in Iraq Democrats Split Over Their Approach to Iraq Go to Complete Coverage » House Democrats’ Security Bill Draws Doubts By ERIC LIPTON Some Senate Democrats and the Bush administration object to security mandates in the plan, citing concerns about cost and practicality. Go to Complete Coverage » Special Section Detroit Auto Show First glances at 2007 cars. Plus a new blog, Wheels. Back Story With Micheline Maynard (mp3) Andy Lyons/Getty Images With Big Victory, Florida Shows It Belongs Florida stunned college football by blowing undefeated Ohio State off the field, 41-14, in the Bowl Championship Series title game. Fifth Down | Share Your Thoughts: Is the Big Ten Overrated? Go to Complete Coverage »   U.S. Airstrike Aims at Qaeda Cell in Somalia By DAVID S. CLOUD Special Forces units are conducting a hunt for Qaeda operatives who have fled Mogadishu, the capital. Reagan Lawyer Ready to Return to White House By JIM RUTENBERG President Bush chose as the new chief White House lawyer Fred F. Fielding, a longtime Washington legal hand. A Rotten Smell Raises Alarms and Questions By SEWELL CHAN An odor that lingered in Manhattan left officials with a mystery and a few conspiracy theories to sort through. Video Report Blogs: Empire Zone | The Lede At Universities, Plum Post at Top Is Now Shaky By KAREN W. ARENSON A series of ousters reflect the uneasy relationship between those running colleges and those teaching at them. State Farm Is Settling Gulf Claims By JOSEPH B. TREASTER The nation’s biggest home insurer is close to settling hundreds of lawsuits over its payments for homes hit by Hurricane Katrina. MORE NEWS Belarus and Russia Spar Over Crude Oil Cutoff U.S. Sub and Japanese Vessel Collide 9/11 Associate Is Sentenced in Germany to 15 Years   Talk to the Newsroom Week in Review Editor Katy Roberts is responding this week to reader questions about the Week in Review section. Ask a Question More Talk to the Newsroom News from AP \u0026 Reuters » \"Many Dead\" in U.S. Strike in Somalia - Government 16 minutes ago Monday\u0027s College Basketball 18 minutes ago Smith\u0027s Future Shaped by Clarett\u0027s 26 minutes ago Wildfire Burns Four Mansions in Malibu 27 minutes ago Science Times » Global Forecast: Fewer Continents A new branch of geology plots the changing face of the planet. Interactive Graphic Another Worry for Pessimists Does a pessimistic outlook doom one to a short life? Before the Pyramids Researchers are shoring up the last and largest cult center built to honor an Egyptian king. Audio Slide Show Opinion » Kristof: A Late Surge Patterson: Sista P.’s Task The Opinionator Editorial: Get Real on Iraq My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Lure of Living Above It All New penthouses are selling faster than anything beneath them. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 110 Central Park South Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More Details When Dream Cars Collide With Real-World Demands A dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Go to Photo Gallery Go to Calendar Search Car Listings » 25,000+ Tri-state listings More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location When the Office Becomes Your Day Care Center Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work. Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"Computer Consulting, Programming \u0026 Service/Support\" \"If your company is looking for quality technology service and support, DCG, Inc. provides\"...... More Detail Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Arts » N.Y. / Region » Washington » Magazine »New Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Interactive Graphic: New Downtown Transit Hub Stanley Fish on ‘Dreamgirls’ At the Capitol, Glimpses of a Work in Progress The Drug Czar of SportsExecutive MBA Program Apply Now Turbo charge your network with the fast, flexible HP DL380 server. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Switch to TD AMERITRADE and trade free for 45 days + get $100. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com e-Savings from Citibank. Earn 5.00% APY. Get Details. Photos, fine art, books and more. Fast $7 Trades Back up your business with HP’s ProLiant ML150 Server—just $1,299 World » Chávez Moves to Nationalize Two Industries Bolivia Leader Lets Venezuela Send Soldiers, Angering Foes Iranian Leader Vows to Resist U.N. Sanctions U.S. » Judges Look to New Congress for Changes in Mandatory Sentencing Laws Killing Stirs Racial Concerns in North Woods of Wisconsin Duke President Renews Call for District Attorney to Leave Case Washington » White House Gears Up to Sell Plan for Troop Increase in Iraq News Analysis: Bush’s Task: Thrusting New Strategy on ‘a Sovereign Nation’ Judges Look to New Congress for Changes in Mandatory Sentencing Laws N.Y. / Region » Girl Is Dead a Year, and Many Can’t Forget Man Gets 30 Years in Subway Bomb Plot Agency Cancels Insurer’s Ads for George Washington Bridge Science » Long-Term Global Forecast? Fewer Continents Restoring a Mud-Brick Tribute to a Departed Egyptian King A Secretive Aerospace Company Sheds a Bit of Light on Its Rocket Program Health » Screen All Pregnancies for Down Syndrome, Doctors Say Essay: Yet Another Worry for Those Who Believe the Glass Is Half-Empty Mysteries of the Brain and the Science of Sleep, Brought to Life in a Barn Education » Democrats Push for Changes to No Child Left Behind Law Duke President Renews Call for District Attorney to Leave Case As Obesity Fight Hits Cafeteria, Many Fear a Note From School Real Estate » The Lure of Living Above It All National Perspectives: Design for Everyone, Disabled or Not Streetscapes | Upper West Side: Along Broadway, Jettisoned Cornices Are Being Rebuilt Business » Mortgage Applications Up as Home Buyers See a Break in Rates It’s Detroit, but Accents Are Foreign Gap Is Said to Explore Selling Itself Technology » Yahoo Introduces Mobile Service Software Computers Join Actors in Hybrids On Screen Ex-Chief of Aspen Technology Accused of Inflating Revenue Sports » In Vacuum of Silence, Coughlin Sits Tight Mangini Says He Plans to Be Tougher in 2007 Louisville Looks to Tulsa to Fill Coaching Opening Travel » Next Stop: Kochi, Kerala’s Friendly Gateway, Is No Backwater Journeys: The Motor Stadt in Stuttgart, Germany (Psst! This Isn’t Michigan) Frugal Traveler: Feeling at Home Among the Elite in Uruguay’s Punta del Este Dining \u0026 Wine » Food | In the Magazine: Recipe Redux: 1959: Stuffed Pork Chops Be It Ever So Homespun, There’s Nothing Like Spin The Pour : Ancient Messages, Hidden in a Dusty Bottle From Long Ago Home \u0026 Garden » Plugging Into the Sun At Home With Ann Brashares and Jacob Collins: Art Above and Below, With Life in the Middle In the Garden: A Crop of Azure, Scarlet and Gold Fashion \u0026 Style » Breakfast Is Late, So Business Is Good Mr. Rock ’n’ Roll Goes to Congress No Golden Ticket, but More Than Candy Automobiles » It’s Detroit, but Accents Are Foreign Toyota Enters the Auto Show With a Swagger Microsoft and Ford Combine Products Opinion » Editorial: Past Time to Get Real on Iraq Op-Ed Contributor: A Green Line in the Sand The Coming Escalation in Iraq (7 Letters) Arts » Computers Join Actors in Hybrids On Screen Books of The Times: Love, Bludgeoned and Bent by the Camps Stern Likes His New Censor: Himself Movies » Computers Join Actors in Hybrids On Screen Critic’s Choice: New DVDs: Walt Disney Treasures Connections: Hitchcock, Thrilling the Ears as Well as the Eyes Theater » Theater Review | \u0027You Belong to Me\u0027: Another Wound From War: Perversely Eroticized Power Tony Blair to Be Held to Account Onstage A Very Model of a Modern Meta-Musical Books » \u0027House of Meetings,\u0027 by Martin Amis: Love, Bludgeoned and Bent by the Camps Book to Tell Litvinenko’s Story For Gravitas or Levity, Try a Robert Frank Book Week in Review » The Invasion of the Alpha Male Democrat The Nation: A Slim Guidebook for Executing a Deposed Ruler Diapering Little ‘Stalin’: Venezuelan Parents Love a Famous Name Magazine » Knowing Noreen The Scold Happiness 101 MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Happiness 101 As Obesity Fight Hits Cafeteria, Many Fear a Note From School Taking Control of Electric Bill, Hour by Hour Little Asia on the Hill Attack of the Zombie Computers Is Growing Threat  Paul Krugman: Quagmire of the Vanities Private Firms Lure Chief Executives With Top Pay Questions Couples Should Ask (Or Wish They Had) Before Marrying Connections: Hitchcock, Thrilling the Ears as Well as the Eyes When Buying a Diamond Starts With a Mouse Go to Complete List » Plan Sets Series of Goals for Iraq Leaders War Could Last Years, Commander Says Bush Plan for Iraq Requests More Troops and More Jobs In Days Before Hanging, a Push for Revenge and a Push Back From the U.S. Bush Tax Cuts Offer Most for Very Rich, Study Finds The Imperial Presidency 2.0 As Obesity Fight Hits Cafeteria, Many Fear a Note From School The Invasion of the Alpha Male Democrat Attack of the Zombie Computers Is a Growing Threat, Experts Say Slimmer Time in the Age of the Internet Go to Complete List » saddam hussein hanging video saddam immigration iraq china education best books of 2006 gerald ford india hussein hanging pictures Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/realestate Homes in Florida, Colorado and Arizona for around $1.5 million Also in Real Estate: Homes for $1.5 million or less in Manhattan Homes for $1.5 million or less in Westchester County Homes for $1.5 million or less in Bergen County Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Access 100 articles a month from The Archive - get it now with TimesSelectnytimes.com/realestateHomes in Florida, Colorado and Arizona for around $1.5 million Also in Real Estate: Homes for $1.5 million or less in Manhattan Homes for $1.5 million or less in Westchester County Homes for $1.5 million or less in Bergen CountyHomes for $1.5 million or less in ManhattanHomes for $1.5 million or less in Westchester CountyHomes for $1.5 million or less in Bergen County","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":10,"minute":1,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
