{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Democrats hope to isolate the president politically over his handling of the war by forcing Republicans to take a stand on the issue.The former slugger was shunned by voters, while Tony Gwynn and Cal Ripken were near-unanimous selections.Investors reacted with alarm to a plan by President Hugo Chávez to nationalize crucial areas of the economy.Some educators in Lebanon fear that failing to present a common version of the past in schoolbooks is dooming the young to repeat it.The iPhone will cost $499 or $599 and will be available with a single carrier, Cingular Wireless, at midyear.A playground near the South Street Seaport will have trained “play workers” on hand to help children interact.Most of the dead were Islamist leaders fleeing in armed pick-up trucks, according to Somali officials.Katy Roberts of Week in Review is responding this week to reader questions.Unlike Fox’s \"24,\" many serials have met a grim fate, dying quickly before most viewers could get to know them.Vikram Chandra\u0027s \"Sacred Games\" combines the ambition of a 19th-century social novel with a cops-and-Bhais detective thriller.New penthouses are selling faster than anything beneath them.Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More DetailsA dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work.\"Di Vittorio Music Studio, located on 63 Street, between 1st \u0026 2nd Avenues in Manhattan\"...... More DetailWhat your college G.P.A. tells future employers about your job performance","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Democrats Plan Symbolic Votes Against Bush’s Iraq Troop Plan",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Arts »Books »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comDining \u0026 Wine »Other Sports »Media \u0026 Advertising »Art \u0026 Design »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Steroid Cloud Stops McGwire From Entering HallVenezuelan Plan Shakes InvestorsA Nation With a Long MemoryApple Introduces Innovative CellphoneNew York Tries to Think Outside the SandboxAirstrike Rekindles Somalis’ Anger at the U.S.Week in Review Editor\u0027Pirates, \u0027 Depp Lead People\u0027s AwardsBody Found in Missing Kan. Student Case50 Militants Reported Killed in BaghdadTuesday\u0027s College BasketballDeparting New SerialsLife and Death in Mumbai’s UnderworldThe Lure of Living Above It All110 Central Park SouthWhen Dream Cars Collide With Real-World DemandsWhen the Office Becomes Your Day Care CenterDi Vittorio Music StudioApplebome: Holding On to BookstoresThe Breakfast WarsWarm Ice Fishing SeasonPenguins Arrive on Madison Ave.At Yale, Renovation Puts Africa in SpotlightAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 10 2006 2007 2008 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 10 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB102006 2007 200839,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsDemocrats Plan Symbolic Votes Against Bush’s Iraq Troop Plan By JEFF ZELENY and CARL HULSE Democrats hope to isolate the president politically over his handling of the war by forcing Republicans to take a stand on the issue. U.S. and Iraqis Hit Insurgents in All-Day Fight Troop-Increase Is Expected to Draw Six Guard Brigades Complete Coverage » Steroid Cloud Stops McGwire From Entering Hall By JACK CURRY The former slugger was shunned by voters, while Tony Gwynn and Cal Ripken were near-unanimous selections. Vecsey: For One, a Day of Reckoning Post a Comment Venezuelan Plan Shakes Investors By SIMON ROMERO and CLIFFORD KRAUSS Investors reacted with alarm to a plan by President Hugo Chávez to nationalize crucial areas of the economy. Graphic: Varied Repercussions Tamara Abdul Hadi for The New York Times A Nation With a Long Memory Some educators in Lebanon fear that failing to present a common version of the past in schoolbooks is dooming the young to repeat it. Apple Introduces Innovative Cellphone By JOHN MARKOFF The iPhone will cost $499 or $599 and will be available with a single carrier, Cingular Wireless, at midyear. In Cingular-Apple Deal, Only a Phone Was Missing David Pogue on the iPhone | DealBook New York Tries to Think Outside the Sandbox By DIANE CARDWELL A playground near the South Street Seaport will have trained “play workers” on hand to help children interact. Airstrike Rekindles Somalis’ Anger at the U.S. By JEFFREY GETTLEMAN and MARK MAZZETTI Most of the dead were Islamist leaders fleeing in armed pick-up trucks, according to Somali officials. Back Story With The Times\u0027s Jeffrey Gettleman (mp3) MORE NEWS In Poland, New Wave of Charges Against Clerics Bush Drops Plans to Renominate 3 Judges   Talk to the Newsroom Week in Review Editor Katy Roberts of Week in Review is responding this week to reader questions. Ask a Question More Talk to the Newsroom News from AP \u0026 Reuters » \u0027Pirates, \u0027 Depp Lead People\u0027s Awards 13 minutes ago Body Found in Missing Kan. Student Case 13 minutes ago 50 Militants Reported Killed in Baghdad 15 minutes ago Tuesday\u0027s College Basketball 18 minutes ago Arts » Departing New Serials Unlike Fox’s \"24,\" many serials have met a grim fate, dying quickly before most viewers could get to know them. Books » Life and Death in Mumbai’s Underworld Vikram Chandra\u0027s \"Sacred Games\" combines the ambition of a 19th-century social novel with a cops-and-Bhais detective thriller. Opinion » Dowd: Deadly Embrace Friedman: Green Lump The Opinionator Editorial: On Stem Cells My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Nike\u0027s Boot Camps (March 31, 1997) Another Glass Ceiling (Feb. 7, 2000) The Witch Hunt (Dec. 3, 2001) TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial » Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Lure of Living Above It All New penthouses are selling faster than anything beneath them. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 110 Central Park South Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More Details When Dream Cars Collide With Real-World Demands A dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Go to Photo Gallery Go to Calendar Search Car Listings » 25,000+ Tri-state listings More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location When the Office Becomes Your Day Care Center Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work. Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Di Vittorio Music Studio \"Di Vittorio Music Studio, located on 63 Street, between 1st \u0026 2nd Avenues in Manhattan\"...... More Detail Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Nike\u0027s Boot Camps (March 31, 1997) Another Glass Ceiling (Feb. 7, 2000) The Witch Hunt (Dec. 3, 2001) TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial »Nike\u0027s Boot Camps (March 31, 1997)Another Glass Ceiling (Feb. 7, 2000)The Witch Hunt (Dec. 3, 2001)TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial »Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Where Christmas Went (Dec. 25, 1994)Dining \u0026 Wine » Other Sports » Media \u0026 Advertising » Art \u0026 Design »Applebome: Holding On to Bookstores The Breakfast Wars Warm Ice Fishing Season Penguins Arrive on Madison Ave. At Yale, Renovation Puts Africa in SpotlightFast $7 Trades Turbo charge your network with the fast, flexible HP DL380 server. Switch to TD AMERITRADE and trade free for 45 days + get $100. Executive MBA Program Apply Now Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Photos, fine art, books and more. e-Savings from Citibank. Earn 5.00% APY. Get Details. Back up your business with HP’s ProLiant ML150 Server—just $1,299 World » U.S. and Iraqis Hit Insurgents in All-Day Fight U.S. Prohibits All Transactions With a Major Iranian Bank Russia Considers Alternatives to Oil Pipeline Through Belarus U.S. » Schwarzenegger Orders Cuts in Emissions S.M.U. Faculty Complains About Bush Library Plan Agency Affirms Human Influence on Climate Washington » S.M.U. Faculty Complains About Bush Library Plan Agency Affirms Human Influence on Climate House Passes Security Bill; Senate Stance Is Uncertain N.Y. / Region » New Jersey Governor Calls for ‘Risks’ and ‘Dreams’ to Fix State’s Problems Mayor Finds Friendly Ears on Senate Homeland Security Panel 3 Relatives of Plotter Are Held by Officials Science » Schwarzenegger Orders Cuts in Emissions Agency Affirms Human Influence on Climate Dell Says Plant a Tree, Help the Environment Health » Schwarzenegger’s Plan for Universal Care Draws No Universal Agreement Poor Hospital Practices Blamed for 2003 SARS Epidemic in Toronto Massachusetts Could Serve as a Guide in California’s Health Insurance Bid Education » In Testing for Gifted Programs, a Few Knots S.M.U. Faculty Complains About Bush Library Plan New School Campus Is Approved for the Bronx Real Estate » The Lure of Living Above It All National Perspectives: Design for Everyone, Disabled or Not Streetscapes | Upper West Side: Along Broadway, Jettisoned Cornices Are Being Rebuilt Business » Congress to Take Up Net’s Future Big Three Look Back to Past Glories and Dream of Muscle Home Depot Board Faces New Outcry Technology » Dell Says Plant a Tree, Help the Environment Congress to Take Up Net’s Future Big Names Competing for India’s 2¢-a-Minute Caller Sports » Kidd Files for Divorce, Adding to a Trying Season for the Nets As Giants Wait, Mara’s on His Own for Tough Calls Florida Had a Plan and Executed It Travel » Journeys: The Motor Stadt in Stuttgart, Germany (Psst! This Isn’t Michigan) Next Stop: Kochi, Kerala’s Friendly Gateway, Is No Backwater Frugal Traveler: Feeling at Home Among the Elite in Uruguay’s Punta del Este Dining \u0026 Wine » Hot Stuff The Breakfast Wars Restaurants: Two Upstarts Don Their Elders’ Laurels Home \u0026 Garden » Plugging Into the Sun At Home With Ann Brashares and Jacob Collins: Art Above and Below, With Life in the Middle In the Garden: A Crop of Azure, Scarlet and Gold Fashion \u0026 Style » Breakfast Is Late, So Business Is Good Mr. Rock ’n’ Roll Goes to Congress No Golden Ticket, but More Than Candy Automobiles » It’s Detroit, but Accents Are Foreign G.M. Says It Is Losing Influence on Capitol Hill Toyota Enters the Auto Show With a Swagger Opinion » Editorial: Moving Ahead on Stem Cells Op-Ed Contributor: Taken by the Tide This Time, a True Strategy for Iraq? (8 Letters) Arts » New Serials: Now You See Them, Now You Don’t Art Review | Yale University African Art : At Yale, Renovation Puts Africa in Spotlight An Author’s Vision of the Mean Streets of Mumbai Movies » A Film Festival for a Jewish World That Spans the Globe Movie Review | \u0027Ever Since the World Ended\u0027: The World Has Nearly Ended, but Movies Manage to Survive Movie Review | \u0027Agnes Martin: With My Back to the World\u0027 and \u0027Kiki Smith: Squatting the Palace\u0027: Two Views of Artists, Two Visions of the World Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Purity\u0027: A Playwright’s Horror Show of Cultural and Racial Identity Theater Review | \u0027High School Musical: The Concert\u0027: Trading Math Class for Corsets and Minis Theater Review | \u0027RiddleLikeLove (with a side of ketchup)\u0027: Revisiting a Relationship Defined by Its Silences Books » An Author’s Vision of the Mean Streets of Mumbai \u0027Final Exam: A Surgeon\u0027s Reflections on Mortality,\u0027 by Pauline W. Chen: Doctor Confronts the Human Drama’s Inevitable Finale Ted Hughes Letters Go to Emory University Week in Review » The Invasion of the Alpha Male Democrat The Nation: A Slim Guidebook for Executing a Deposed Ruler Diapering Little ‘Stalin’: Venezuelan Parents Love a Famous Name Magazine » Knowing Noreen The Scold Happiness 101 MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Appreciations: Mr. Noodle Happiness 101 Long-Term Global Forecast? Fewer Continents At Universities, Plum Post at Top Is Now Shaky California Plan for Health Care Would Cover All A Conversation With Nina G. Jablonski: Always Revealing, Human Skin Is an Anthropologist’s Map Questions Couples Should Ask (Or Wish They Had) Before Marrying Op-Ed Contributor: Don\u0027t Play With Maps Taking Control of Electric Bill, Hour by Hour Mortgage Applications Up as Home Buyers See a Break in Rates Go to Complete List » Plan Sets Series of Goals for Iraq Leaders War Could Last Years, Commander Says Bush Tax Cuts Offer Most for Very Rich, Study Finds White House Gears Up to Sell Plan for Troop Increase in Iraq As Obesity Fight Hits Cafeteria, Many Fear a Note From School Democrats Split Over Their Approach to Iraq For Journalists, Politics Not as Usual Hussein\u0027s Voice Speaks in Court in Praise of Chemical Atrocities Slimmer Time in the Age of the Internet  Quagmire of the Vanities Go to Complete List » saddam hussein hanging video saddam immigration hussein hanging pictures iraq best books of 2006 china india education gerald ford Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/jobs What your college G.P.A. tells future employers about your job performance Also in Job Market: When the manager is half your age How much money should you be making? Find out about future employers before you take the job Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Start your 14-day free trial of TimesSelect now.nytimes.com/jobsWhat your college G.P.A. tells future employers about your job performance Also in Job Market: When the manager is half your age How much money should you be making? Find out about future employers before you take the jobWhen the manager is half your ageHow much money should you be making?Find out about future employers before you take the job","article":""},"timeStamp":20070110071613,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
