{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The 15 British marines and sailors who were released by Iran on Thursday said today that they were threatened before giving statements appearing to apologize for trespassing in Iranian waters.Five of the former captives at a news conference today.The economy added 180,000 new jobs in March, and the unemployment rate fell to 4.4 percent.State police captured a third bank robbery suspect today connected to the deadly shooting of an agent.A suicide bomber drove a truck loaded with explosives and chlorine gas toward a residential complex, police said.The main international group studying climate change also predicted damaging and costly effects in the future.A hip-hop impresario\u0027s special edition Ford, the taxis of tomorrow and more. Go to Complete Coverage »What would be your ideal retirement community?Joe Sexton is answering reader questions this week.Judith Warner on “amazing girls” and the benefits of failure.Japan Society’s show of paintings of Buddhist gods is visually transporting, says Holland Cotter.Many borrowers, not just those at high risk of default, are finding loans harder to get, the process slower and the questions tougher.Recognized as the Best Luxury Second Home in the US.This year’s show will feature the latest in drive-it-yourself designs in a city better known for back-seat and below-ground transportation.Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy.Complete coverage of the 2007 New York International Auto Show","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Treatment in Iran Described by Britons",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »TimesSelect  »Arts »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comTelevision »Escapes »Movies »U.S. »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"U.S. Job Numbers Are Stronger Than ExpectedThird Suspect Tied to F.B.I. Shooting Is CaughtChlorine Attack Kills 20 in Iraqi TownEmissions Already Affecting Climate, Report FindsHighlights from the New York Auto ShowShare Your ThoughtsThe Metropolitan EditorAppeals Court Avoids Kidnapping CaseChlorine Truck Bomber Kills 27 in RamadiPilgrims Mark Good Friday in JerusalemEU E - Mail Warns of Somali War CrimesBeyond the Brass RingArt Review: ‘Awakenings’The Battle for a MortgageThe Marbella ClubWay, Way Off Broadway, New York Auto Show Will Go OnWant to Be Praised? Share the LimelightOn Gilded Sharks and LoverboysPiers of California: At Sea Without a SailMovie Minutes: ‘The TV Set’Anderson: Mickelson Before the MastersAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 6 2006 2007 2008 32,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 6 2006 2007 2008MAR APR MAY62006 2007 200832,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel NEW Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsTreatment in Iran Described by Britons By JON ELSEN and SARAH LYALL 54 minutes ago The 15 British marines and sailors who were released by Iran on Thursday said today that they were threatened before giving statements appearing to apologize for trespassing in Iranian waters. Video From the Press Conference Lefteris Pitarakis/Associated Press Five of the former captives at a news conference today. U.S. Job Numbers Are Stronger Than Expected By JEREMY W. PETERS 12:41 PM ET The economy added 180,000 new jobs in March, and the unemployment rate fell to 4.4 percent. Third Suspect Tied to F.B.I. Shooting Is Caught By ROBERT D. McFADDEN 9:23 AM ET State police captured a third bank robbery suspect today connected to the deadly shooting of an agent. Deadly Confrontations Are Relatively Rare for F.B.I. Agents Chlorine Attack Kills 20 in Iraqi Town By KIRK SEMPLE and JON ELSEN 12:24 PM ET A suicide bomber drove a truck loaded with explosives and chlorine gas toward a residential complex, police said. Go to Complete Coverage » Emissions Already Affecting Climate, Report Finds By JAMES KANTER and ANDREW C. REVKIN 12:02 PM ET The main international group studying climate change also predicted damaging and costly effects in the future. MORE NEWS Gillispie Leaves Texas A\u0026M for Kentucky No Diplomatic Change After Britons’ Release Makers of Artificial Sweeteners Go to Court Two French Cruise Passengers Missing Off Greece Federal Official in Student Loans Held Loan Stock On the Blogs The Empire Zone: Share Your Chumley’s Stories The Caucus: Romney Is ‘No Teddy Roosevelt’ TierneyLab: Saturn’s Hexagon Shall Be Called . . . Autos » Highlights from the New York Auto Show A hip-hop impresario\u0027s special edition Ford, the taxis of tomorrow and more. Go to Complete Coverage »     Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts What would be your ideal retirement community? Post a Comment Read Comments (71) Article | Audio Slide Show Talk to the Newsroom The Metropolitan Editor Joe Sexton is answering reader questions this week. Send a Question More Talk to the Newsroom » News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Appeals Court Avoids Kidnapping Case 12 minutes ago Chlorine Truck Bomber Kills 27 in Ramadi 17 minutes ago Pilgrims Mark Good Friday in Jerusalem 18 minutes ago EU E - Mail Warns of Somali War Crimes 20 minutes ago TimesSelect  » Beyond the Brass Ring Judith Warner on “amazing girls” and the benefits of failure. Arts » Art Review: ‘Awakenings’ Japan Society’s show of paintings of Buddhist gods is visually transporting, says Holland Cotter. Opinion » Krugman: Health Care Friedman: On Kenya The Opinionator Editorial: Gitmo Follies My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds The Battle for a Mortgage Many borrowers, not just those at high risk of default, are finding loans harder to get, the process slower and the questions tougher. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad The Marbella Club Recognized as the Best Luxury Second Home in the US. Place a Classified Ad » Way, Way Off Broadway, New York Auto Show Will Go On This year’s show will feature the latest in drive-it-yourself designs in a city better known for back-seat and below-ground transportation. PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Want to Be Praised? Share the Limelight Even if the project was yours and yours alone, modesty can be the best policy. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print Place a Classified Ad » Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Whose Hillary? (June 13, 1993)Television » Escapes » Movies » U.S. »On Gilded Sharks and Loverboys Piers of California: At Sea Without a Sail Movie Minutes: ‘The TV Set’ Anderson: Mickelson Before the MastersFast $7 Trades The Slimmer, Smarter Samsung Blackjack™ Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Get Vonage now And save big! 1 Month Free \u0026 Free Router! Photos, fine art, books and more. Rollover your IRA to E*TRADE Securities and receive up to $500. Seize the day Off! Order a Free Maryland Kit today. World » Dutch Soldiers Stress Restraint in Afghanistan Freed Britons Are Back Home but Face Questions About Their Capture and Behavior Somali Battles Bring Charges of War Crimes U.S. » An S O S for 911 Systems in Age of High-Tech 3 U.S. Attorney\u0027s Lawyers Resign Posts In a Break From the Past, Florida Will Let Felons Vote Washington » Panel Seeks Written Account From Gonzales Hussein-Qaeda Link ‘Inappropriate,’ Report Says Pelosi Nudges Saudi Arabia to Give Women a Role in Politics N.Y. / Region » Gunshot Kills F.B.I. Agent in a Stakeout A Full Career of Cases, a Reputation for Diligence Passion for Golf Bound Three Who Died in Plane Crash Science » Difference Between Mutts and Jeffs? A Gene Judge to Seal Psychological Files in Trial of Former Astronaut Wildlife Smugglers Test Their Skills, Even at the Airport Health » New Urgency in Debating Health Care 22 Brands of Dog Biscuits Are Added to Pet Food Recall Study Questions Exam to Detect Breast Cancer Education » Tennessee Voids Settlement for Sale of Paintings by Fisk College Officers Profited by Sale of Lender Stock Lesson for Newark’s Streets: Look Left, Right, Left Again Real Estate » Havens | Puna, Hawaii: On the Big Island, a Place for Price-Sensitive Home Shoppers Birds of a Feather Buyers Seek Historic or Period Homes Business » Judge Orders Vonage to Stop Adding Customers To Fortify China, Soybean Harvest Grows in Brazil Again, Kerkorian Makes a Move for Chrysler Technology » An S O S for 911 Systems in Age of High-Tech For Cable TV, No Interest in Selling Ads the eBay Way Systems to Prevent Rollovers to Be in All New Cars by 2012 Sports » Throwing Batters Curves Before Throwing a Pitch Devil Rays 7, Yankees 6: Pettitte’s Return Lost Amid Sloppy Play The Masters: Wind and Fast Greens Get the Better of the Best Travel » 36 Hours in Hong Kong Piers of California: At Sea Without a Sail American Journeys: Fort Worth, With a Cowboy Past, Has an Artistic Present Dining \u0026 Wine » Farewell, French Fries! Hello, Sliced Apples! Backyard Pests? Think of Them as Dinner On Easter, Symbolism and the Exuberance of Spring Home \u0026 Garden » No Such Thing as Junk From Europe, a No-Chlorine Backyard Pool In the Garden: Rethinking the Pots on an Old, Cracked Terrace Fashion \u0026 Style » We, Myself and I Exercisers Slow It Down With Qigong Mommy and Daddy’s Little Life Coach Automobiles » A Dozen Don’t-Miss Models at the New York Auto Show Again, Kerkorian Makes a Move for Chrysler Ford Pays Chief $28 Million for 4 Months’ Work Opinion » Editorial: Guantánamo Follies Op-Ed Contributor: How Supply-Side Economics Trickled Down So How Should We Treat Iran? (4 Letters) Arts » Movie Review | \u0027Grindhouse\u0027: Back to the (Double) Feature Art Review | \u0027Awakenings\u0027: Portraits in Zen, From Celestial to Comic Theater Review | \u0027The Pirate Queen\u0027: Oceandance, With Swordplay Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Grindhouse\u0027: Back to the (Double) Feature Movie Review | \u0027Daratt\u0027 (\u0027Dry Season\u0027)\u0027: A Teenager’s Quiet Trek Toward Revenge Movie Review | \u0027The Hoax\u0027: True Story of a Fake Story About Hughes (Really) Theater » Theater Review | \u0027The Pirate Queen\u0027: Oceandance, With Swordplay Theater Review | \u0027Oliver Twist\u0027: Returning Oliver Twist to His Grim Dickensian Home Theater Briefs Books » \u0027Public Cowboy No. 1: The Life and Times of Gene Autry ,\u0027 by Holly George-Warren: A Cowboy Tycoon, Back in the Saddle \u0027What the Dead Know,\u0027 by Laura Lippman: Maybe She’s Reappeared; Definitely She’s a Mystery Fascination With Mantle Now Blends Fiction With Fact Week in Review » Redux: Look Who’s Reboarding That Clintonian Shuttle J’accuse!: Gone Is the Swaggering Prince of Prosecution The Nation: The Complicated Power of the Vote to Nowhere Magazine » Re-education Obama’s Narrator What’s the One Thing Big Business and the Left Have in Common? MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched A Great Year for Ivy League Schools, but Not So Good for Applicants to Them Throwing Batters Curves Before Throwing a Pitch 22 Brands of Dog Biscuits Are Added to Pet Food Recall From Europe, a No-Chlorine Backyard Pool Op-Ed Contributor: The Rich Are More Oblivious Than You and Me Central Park Calls in the Dogs, Hoping They’ll Drive Out the Geese For Girls, It’s Be Yourself, and Be Perfect, Too Makers of Artificial Sweeteners Go to Court Chihuahua or Great Dane? One Gene Sets Dog Size Federal Official in Student Loans Held Loan Stock Go to Complete List » McCain Revamps His Fund-Raising DoubleClick to Set Up an Exchange for Buying and Selling Digital Ads Spinning Into Oblivion Bush Blames Democrats for Impasse Over Iraq Bills Federal Official in Student Loans Held Loan Stock Billions Diverted in New Jersey Put State Pension Fund at Risk Three Yale Students Arrested for Flag Burning Captives Freed by Iran Arrive in Britain Who\u0027s Talking About Retirement? More Than a Feeling Go to Complete List » sex music \"cisco systems\" \"ibm\" best buy \"ca\" \"ca\" pet food recall immigration china israel australia Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/autos Complete coverage of the 2007 New York International Auto Show Also in Autos: Go car shopping with David Carr The good, the bad and the ugly from the Auto Show Take a peek inside the Auto Show Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/autosComplete coverage of the 2007 New York International Auto Show Also in Autos: Go car shopping with David Carr The good, the bad and the ugly from the Auto Show Take a peek inside the Auto ShowGo car shopping with David CarrThe good, the bad and the ugly from the Auto ShowTake a peek inside the Auto Show","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":7,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":28,"second":55},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
