{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"President Bush’s order appears to formalize the U.S. effort to contain Iran’s ambitions as a new front in the Iraq war.A Pentagon official said that he was dismayed lawyers at many of the nation\u0027s top firms were representing prisoners at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.Programs that allow orphans to visit host families in America often lead to happily-ever-after, but sometimes end painfully.The road that cuts through Panjwai district tells all that is going wrong with NATO’s war in Afghanistan.The decision threw new doubt on the future of a prosecution that has already suffered a series of setbacks.More companies are sending their employees to cooking class as part of a new wave in corporate team-building.Sweden’s recently appointed minister for integration and gender equality tends to draw attention for her unusually blunt pronouncements about the place of immigrants in Swedish society.Katy Roberts of Week in Review answers questions.The trouble with being at the top of your game is that there is so much room to fall.\"Alpha Dog,\" starring Justin Timberlake, has \"the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another,\" writes Manohla Dargis.The Thai cowboy melodrama \"Tears of the Black Tiger\" is mad about its own craziness, says A. O. Scott.An architectural firm reimagines a Bedford-Stuyvesant building that was originally a store with living quarters on the second floor.GRAND OPENING! Luxury Gold Coast Condos from the $500\u0027sMore DetailsA dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work.\"Billiard and family entertainment, bar with both beer, wine and food.\"...... More DetailA look at the stage version of the Disney movie \"High School Musical\"","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Bush Authorized Iranians’ Arrest in Iraq, Rice Says","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"Talk to the Newsroom »DealBook »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comTheater »Fashion \u0026 Style »Travel »N.Y. / Region »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Official Attacks Law Firms on DetaineesA Taste of Family Life in U.S., but Adoption Is in LimboNATO’s Afghan Struggle: Build, and Fight TalibanProsecutor Asks to Exit Duke CaseWielding Kitchen Knives and Honing Office SkillsSweden’s Lightning Rod in a Storm Over AssimilationWhat Keeps Lloyd Blankfein Up at Night?Small Jet Crash in Los Angeles Kills 2GOP, Democrats Skirmish Over Iraq PlanDelta Pushes Ahead on Standalone PlanAsian Leaders Create Free Trade ZoneJust a Bunch of Kids Who Kidnap and KillGun-Slinging Cowboys in Colorful ThailandDesigning a Starter Town House With a TwistThe Lofts at RiverwalkWhen Dream Cars Collide With Real-World DemandsWhen the Office Becomes Your Day Care CenterReimagining Shakespeare\u0027s GlobeCome to Our Club. Or Not. Whatever.Out of Bounds in Silverton, Colo.Rhoden: Great College CoachesLondon\u0027s Supervised PlaygroundsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 13 2006 2007 2008 32,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 13 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB132006 2007 200832,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsBush Authorized Iranians’ Arrest in Iraq, Rice Says By DAVID E. SANGER and MICHAEL R. GORDON President Bush’s order appears to formalize the U.S. effort to contain Iran’s ambitions as a new front in the Iraq war. Republicans on Panel Back President’s Plan In Europe, Bush’s Strategy Is Greeted With Skepticism Go to Complete Coverage » Official Attacks Law Firms on Detainees By NEIL A. LEWIS A Pentagon official said that he was dismayed lawyers at many of the nation\u0027s top firms were representing prisoners at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. A Taste of Family Life in U.S., but Adoption Is in Limbo By JANE GROSS Programs that allow orphans to visit host families in America often lead to happily-ever-after, but sometimes end painfully. Photographs: The Prozzos Meet Alona Video: Gifts From Ukraine NATO’s Afghan Struggle: Build, and Fight Taliban By CARLOTTA GALL The road that cuts through Panjwai district tells all that is going wrong with NATO’s war in Afghanistan. Prosecutor Asks to Exit Duke Case By DUFF WILSON and DAVID BARSTOW The decision threw new doubt on the future of a prosecution that has already suffered a series of setbacks. Wielding Kitchen Knives and Honing Office Skills By KATIE HAFNER More companies are sending their employees to cooking class as part of a new wave in corporate team-building. Enlarge this image Dean Cox for The New York Times Sweden’s Lightning Rod in a Storm Over Assimilation Sweden’s recently appointed minister for integration and gender equality tends to draw attention for her unusually blunt pronouncements about the place of immigrants in Swedish society. MORE NEWS Bruno Bought Stock With Campaign Funds Passing Exchange Becomes Political Flashpoint Judge Rejects Defamation Suit Against The Times Pentagon Sees Move in Somalia as Blueprint   Talk to the Newsroom » Katy Roberts of Week in Review answers questions. DealBook » What Keeps Lloyd Blankfein Up at Night? The trouble with being at the top of your game is that there is so much room to fall. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Small Jet Crash in Los Angeles Kills 2 11 minutes ago GOP, Democrats Skirmish Over Iraq Plan 16 minutes ago Delta Pushes Ahead on Standalone Plan 17 minutes ago Asian Leaders Create Free Trade Zone 20 minutes ago Movies » Just a Bunch of Kids Who Kidnap and Kill \"Alpha Dog,\" starring Justin Timberlake, has \"the same entertainment value you get from watching monkeys fling scat at one another,\" writes Manohla Dargis. Gun-Slinging Cowboys in Colorful Thailand The Thai cowboy melodrama \"Tears of the Black Tiger\" is mad about its own craziness, says A. O. Scott. Opinion » Dowd: Game of Risk Patterson: The Drug War Editorial: Usual Lawyers My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors The Zero-Sum Tax Cut (June 1, 2001) Whatever It Takes (Sept. 9, 2003) Workers in the Shadows (Jan. 10, 2004) TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial » Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Designing a Starter Town House With a Twist An architectural firm reimagines a Bedford-Stuyvesant building that was originally a store with living quarters on the second floor. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad The Lofts at Riverwalk GRAND OPENING! Luxury Gold Coast Condos from the $500\u0027sMore Details When Dream Cars Collide With Real-World Demands A dozen of the most imaginative concept cars unveiled there at the Detroit Auto Show over the years. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Go to Photo Gallery Go to Calendar Search Car Listings » 25,000+ Tri-state listings More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location When the Office Becomes Your Day Care Center Before your toddler darts past the security guard, ask for permission from the boss to bring your youngster to work. Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"Billiard and family entertainment, bar with both beer, wine and food.\"...... More Detail SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.The Zero-Sum Tax Cut (June 1, 2001) Whatever It Takes (Sept. 9, 2003) Workers in the Shadows (Jan. 10, 2004) TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial »The Zero-Sum Tax Cut (June 1, 2001)Whatever It Takes (Sept. 9, 2003)Workers in the Shadows (Jan. 10, 2004)TimesSelect gives you 100 articles a month from The Archive. Start Free Trial »SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, as little as $3.15 a week.Theater » Fashion \u0026 Style » Travel » N.Y. / Region »Reimagining Shakespeare\u0027s Globe Come to Our Club. Or Not. Whatever. Out of Bounds in Silverton, Colo. Rhoden: Great College Coaches London\u0027s Supervised PlaygroundsFast $7 Trades e-Savings from Citibank. Earn 5.00% APY. Get Details. Back up your business with HP’s ProLiant ML150 Server—just $1,299 Executive MBA Program Apply Now Turbo charge your network with the fast, flexible HP DL380 server. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Switch to TD AMERITRADE and trade free for 45 days + get $100. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Photos, fine art, books and more. World » As Somalia’s Leaders Meet, 8 Militiamen Die in Gunfight Chinese Court Upholds Conviction of Peasants’ Advocate Rights Group Says Conditions in China Worsen as Olympics Near U.S. » House Democrats Propose Cut in Student Loan Rates In Lukewarm Los Angeles, Hot Spots for Beckham 2 Missing Boys Are Found Near St. Louis Washington » House Democrats Pass Bill on Medicare Drug Prices Stormy Outlook as Gonzales Faces Senate Democrats Congressional Memo: Competing House Clocks Tick at Different Speeds as Members Get Down to Business N.Y. / Region » Safe-Haven Laws Fail to End Discarding of Babies Property Values in New York Show Vibrancy 2 New Bids for Freedom Put Prosecutor on Defensive Science » Death of a Shark Leaves Scientists Grasping Skull Supports Theory of Human Migration Europe Union Proposes Cleaner, More Competitive Energy Market Health » House Democrats Pass Bill on Medicare Drug Prices Bridling at Insulin’s Cost, States Push for Generics AIDS Drug to Protect Fetus Is Safe for Infected Mothers, Study Finds Education » House Democrats Propose Cut in Student Loan Rates Harvard Outlines Plans to Expand Campus Across the Charles River Klein Says Privatizing Not Planned for Schools Real Estate » Sketch Pad: Designing a Starter Town House With a Twist National Perspectives: From Grain Elevator to Dream House Streetscapes | 57th Street and Broadway: A Centenarian With Starkly Youthful Looks Business » Wielding Kitchen Knives and Honing Office Skills Cablevision Buyout Bid Is Raised Your Money: In Gadgets, Excitement Is in the Price Technology » Your Money: In Gadgets, Excitement Is in the Price Talking Business: Nice Phone, Mr. Jobs, But ... AOL, Now Focused on Free, Sells Its Paid Music Service Sports » When the Ravens Play Defense, It Is a Bruising in Disguise Insight or Hindsight? Ask Saints About Colston Bobcats 126, Knicks 110: Looking Defenseless, Knicks Take Step Backward Travel » Out of Bounds, Within Limits in Silverton, Colo. Next Stop: The Centuries-Old Allure of Laos’s Relaxed Capital Explorer: In Angel Falls, Venezuela, a Forest of Islands Dining \u0026 Wine » Hot Stuff Wielding Kitchen Knives and Honing Office Skills Wine Tastings Loosen Up. Butter Pecan With That Cabernet? Home \u0026 Garden » Irreconcilable Interiors: When Mates Don’t Match The Dome Gains Weight and Settles Down House Proud: Shopping for a Villa, He Wound Up With a Village Fashion \u0026 Style » Money Doesn’t Talk TV Dramas Rip the Cover Off Magazines Come to Our Club. Or Not. Whatever. Automobiles » Future Shock vs. the Familiar at the Detroit Auto Show When Dream Cars Are Powered by Pipe Dreams Making Modern Horsepower the Old-Fashioned Way Opinion » Editorial: Round Up the Usual Lawyers Op-Ed Contributor: For Human Eyes Only It’s Congress’s Turn on the War (7 Letters) Arts » Imagining, and Reimagining, the Globe Music: Interpreting the Beatles Without Copying Abu Dhabi Is to Gain a Louvre of Its Own Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Alpha Dog\u0027: Just a Bunch of Kids Who Kidnap and Kill Movie Review | \u0027Tears of the Black Tiger\u0027: Gun-Slinging Cowboys in Colorful Thailand Movie Review | \u0027God Grew Tired of Us\u0027: After a Struggle to Escape Comes an Effort to Adjust Theater » Imagining, and Reimagining, the Globe Theater Review | \u0027Get Your War On\u0027: A History Lesson That Sprays Scorn Liberally Theater Review | \u0027The Rapture Project \u0027: Marionettes, a Saxophone and a Battle to the Death Books » \u0027House of Meetings,\u0027 by Martin Amis: Siberian Fields Children\u0027s Books on Etiquette \u0027About Alice,\u0027 by Calvin Trillin: Scenes From a Marriage Week in Review » The Invasion of the Alpha Male Democrat The Nation: A Slim Guidebook for Executing a Deposed Ruler Diapering Little ‘Stalin’: Venezuelan Parents Love a Famous Name Magazine » Knowing Noreen The Scold Happiness 101 MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Fitness: When It’s O.K. to Run Hurt Modern Love: What Shamu Taught Me About a Happy Marriage Questions Couples Should Ask (Or Wish They Had) Before Marrying TV Review | \u002724\u0027: Bombers Strike, and America Is in Turmoil. It’s Just Another Day for Jack Bauer. France Polishes Its Politesse  Thomas L. Friedman: Make Them Fight All of Us 36 Hours: Scottsdale, Ariz. Grooming a Weatherman for His TV Debut, and Hoping He Doesn’t Bite the Host Happiness 101 A Soccer Star Heeds Lure of Hollywood Go to Complete List » Promising Troops Where They Aren\u0027t Really Wanted Bush Adds Troops in Bid to Secure Iraq New Soldiers to Have Limited Role, Bush Aide Says Bush\u0027s New Strategy for Iraq Risks Confrontations on Many Fronts The Real Disaster Transcript of President Bush\u0027s Address to Nation on U.S. Policy in Iraq G.I.\u0027S In Iraq Raid Iranians\u0027 Offices President Bush\u0027s Address to the Nation In Baghdad, Bush Policy Is Met With Resentment Phone Shows Apple\u0027s Impact on Consumer Products Go to Complete List » saddam hussein hanging video immigration iraq best books of 2006 china india education saddam iran college Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/theater A look at the stage version of the Disney movie \"High School Musical\" Also in Theater: From Disney movie to Broadway sensation - \"Mary Poppins\" Cartoon favorite \"The Lion King\" is on Broadway The most viewed Theater articles from 2006 Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/theaterA look at the stage version of the Disney movie \"High School Musical\" Also in Theater: From Disney movie to Broadway sensation - \"Mary Poppins\" Cartoon favorite \"The Lion King\" is on Broadway The most viewed Theater articles from 2006From Disney movie to Broadway sensation - \"Mary Poppins\"Cartoon favorite \"The Lion King\" is on BroadwayThe most viewed Theater articles from 2006","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":21,"minute":15,"second":59},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
