{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Many Iraqis fear a violent chain reaction should U.S. troops withdraw, but they and American officials have many different opinions on how bad things would get.From diagnosis to treatment to rehabilitation to preventing it altogether, a stroke is a litany of missed opportunities.Presidential candidates’ choices to shun a debate have mollified liberals but frustrated minority leaders.In Newark, a lack of cooperation often hinders police investigations. In April, a 17-year-old shooting victim refused to say who shot him, according to officers.The permanently frozen subsoil, known as permafrost, upon which many Native Alaskan villages rest is melting.As its rivals have diversified and taken risks, the Coca-Cola Company has struggled to reinvent itself.Wanting to keep a role as engines of social mobility, about two dozen schools have pushed to diversify economically.There’s something funny about the director Judd Apatow.With Marco and Michael, the Andrettis are hoping to end a run of bad luck today at the Indy 500.The Yankees are playing the Angels and the Mets are taking on the Marlins.Many New Yorkers are struggling to pay their mortgages. Luckily, the market is strong enough that they can sell if they have to.Euro Penthouse \u0026 Private Deck - PHBIn the ... See All Featured PropertiesFans retrace the route traveled in \"Smokey and the Bandit.\"Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events.Older job seekers bring a wealth of experience, but when they look for jobs, they may get as much respect as Rodney Dangerfield.An existing organic farm/ eco sa for sale in the rain forest of Puerto Rico. Great busines......... More DetailWatch our exclusive interview with Bill Clinton","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Strife Foreseen in Iraq Exit, but Experts Split on Degree",".snippet":"","h4":"In Sunday’s TimesNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »SPORTS »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comN.Y. / Region »Arts »Magazine »Fashion \u0026 Style »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Lost Chances for Survival Start Even Before a StrokeFor Democrats, Debate on Fox Reveals DivideBattling Murder and Its Accomplice, SilenceEngulfed by Climate Change, Town Seeks LifelineDoes Coke Need a Refill?Elite Colleges Open New Door to Low-Income YouthsMagazineIsraeli Killed; Olmert Vows StrikesMedics in Libya Cleared of DefamationLanger Ties for Lead Spot at ColonialSafin Advances to Second Round at French OpenIndianapolis 500Afternoon BaseballFighting Off ForeclosureWest 24th StreetOn This Run, More Bandits Than SmokeysOut of Retirement and Into UncertaintyVideo: Kristof on Olympics’ LosersThe City: Romancing the Stones at WoodlawnThe Alchemist’s Moment: The Reclusive Mr. PolkeUnintended Consequences of HyperhydrationWeddings \u0026 CelebrationsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUN 27 2006 2007 2008 32,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUN 27 2006 2007 2008APR MAY JUN272006 2007 200832,595 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Week in Review Weather SERVICES NYT Mobile NYT Store Theater Tickets Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs EventsStrife Foreseen in Iraq Exit, but Experts Split on Degree By MICHAEL R. GORDON and ALISSA J. RUBIN Many Iraqis fear a violent chain reaction should U.S. troops withdraw, but they and American officials have many different opinions on how bad things would get. Graphic: Voices on an American Withdrawal Week in Review: A Handful of Soldiers, on Patrol | Video Go to Complete Coverage » Six Killers | Stroke Lost Chances for Survival Start Even Before a Stroke By GINA KOLATA 11:36 AM ET From diagnosis to treatment to rehabilitation to preventing it altogether, a stroke is a litany of missed opportunities. Video | Graphic Ask a Question Previous Articles in the Series » For Democrats, Debate on Fox Reveals Divide By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ and JACQUES STEINBERG Presidential candidates’ choices to shun a debate have mollified liberals but frustrated minority leaders. Richard Perry/The New York Times Battling Murder and Its Accomplice, Silence By ANDREW JACOBS In Newark, a lack of cooperation often hinders police investigations. In April, a 17-year-old shooting victim refused to say who shot him, according to officers. Video: Part One | Part Two | Photos: Murder and Mistrust   Warming Trends Engulfed by Climate Change, Town Seeks Lifeline By WILLIAM YARDLEY The permanently frozen subsoil, known as permafrost, upon which many Native Alaskan villages rest is melting. Audio and Photos Previous Articles in the Series » Does Coke Need a Refill? By ANDREW MARTIN As its rivals have diversified and taken risks, the Coca-Cola Company has struggled to reinvent itself. Interactive Graphic Elite Colleges Open New Door to Low-Income Youths By SARA RIMER Wanting to keep a role as engines of social mobility, about two dozen schools have pushed to diversify economically. Audio and Photos MORE NEWS Israeli Warns of More Strikes Against Hamas 11:57 AM ET Lens Solution Is Pulled Over Link to Infection Ukraine Rivals Agree on Election, Defusing Crisis   In Sunday’s Times Magazine There’s something funny about the director Judd Apatow. Video | Slide Show Week in Review Arts \u0026 Leisure Book Review Sunday Styles News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Israeli Killed; Olmert Vows Strikes 11 minutes ago Medics in Libya Cleared of Defamation 11 minutes ago Langer Ties for Lead Spot at Colonial 12 minutes ago Safin Advances to Second Round at French Open 14 minutes ago SPORTS » Indianapolis 500 With Marco and Michael, the Andrettis are hoping to end a run of bad luck today at the Indy 500. Starting Grid | Live Updates Afternoon Baseball The Yankees are playing the Angels and the Mets are taking on the Marlins. Bats Blog | Scoreboard Opinion » Rich: Scapegoating Iraqis Dowd: W.’s Fleurs du Mal Friedman: Class of 2007 Editorial: Unending War My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds Fighting Off Foreclosure Many New Yorkers are struggling to pay their mortgages. Luckily, the market is strong enough that they can sell if they have to. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses New Developments Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad West 24th Street Euro Penthouse \u0026 Private Deck - PHBIn the ... See All Featured Properties Place a Classified Ad » On This Run, More Bandits Than Smokeys Fans retrace the route traveled in \"Smokey and the Bandit.\"Audio Slide Show: Eastbound and Down PHOTO GALLERY » Submit photos and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, keep track of events. More in Automobiles New car reviews Used car information Sell your car Place a Classified Ad » Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location Out of Retirement and Into Uncertainty Older job seekers bring a wealth of experience, but when they look for jobs, they may get as much respect as Rodney Dangerfield. Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print An existing organic farm/ eco sa for sale in the rain forest of Puerto Rico. Great busines......... More Detail Place a Classified Ad » SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, for as little as $3.15 a week.SAVE 50% ON HOME DELIVERY Have The New York Times waiting for you, for as little as $3.15 a week.N.Y. / Region » Arts » Magazine » Fashion \u0026 Style »Video: Kristof on Olympics’ Losers The City: Romancing the Stones at Woodlawn The Alchemist’s Moment: The Reclusive Mr. Polke Unintended Consequences of Hyperhydration Weddings \u0026 CelebrationsSpecial Offer! Get 6 Free Trial Issues of The Economist. Photos, fine art, books and more. Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Save over $500/year with the Optimum Triple Play. Fast $7 Trades Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank World » U.S. and British Airstrikes Hit Iraqi Militia South Korea Joins Rush to Build Ever Taller Buildings Syrian President’s Fortunes Revive in Time for Election U.S. » Bill Adds Fuel to Flames in a Divided Border State That Grouper on the Menu? Turns Out It Was a Fish Tale In Texas House, Speaker Holds Off a Rebellion Washington » Many Employers See Flaws as Immigration Bill Evolves Bill Adds Fuel to Flames in a Divided Border State Political Memo: In Clinton Aide’s Advice, an Early Voting Dilemma N.Y. / Region » In a City Known for Its Renters, a Record Number Now Own Their Homes Scraping By on the Gold Coast in Rooms That Rent by the Week Remembrance, and Protest, for a Man Slain by an Officer Science » U.S. Rebuffs Germany on Greenhouse Gas Cuts Study Finds Hurricanes Frequent in Some Cooler Periods Snubbed by U.S., China Finds New Space Partners Health » Medicare Plans to Deny Coverage of Artificial Disks Test of Drug for Diabetes in Jeopardy Some Frito-Lay Food Labels to Address Possible Heart Benefits Education » Education: ‘Middle School Syndrome’ Undergoes a Reversal Education: State Reading Scores Jump for Roosevelt 8th Graders New York’s Schools for Pregnant Girls Will Close Real Estate » Fighting Off Foreclosure National Perspectives: When the Desert Calls Living In | Morningside Heights: A Slice of Relaxed Life, Sandwiched by Parks Business » Digital Domain: Apple’s Lesson for Sony’s Stores: Just Connect Media Frenzy: Why Hollywood Is Getting Serious About 3-D Spending: The Art of Buying Art, With the Help of an Adviser Technology » Digital Domain: Apple’s Lesson for Sony’s Stores: Just Connect Novelties: A High-End Remote for a High-Tech Life Anyone for a Gathering of Introverts? Sports » With Marco and Michael, Andrettis Hope Luck Turns at Indy Safin Advances to Second Round at French Open Jazz 109, Spurs 83: Jazz Proves That the Spurs Are Only Human Travel » In Search of Graham Greene’s Capri Cultured Traveler | La Paz, Bolivia: At 12,000 Feet, Andean Culture Meets Pop Art 36 Hours in Moscow Dining \u0026 Wine » The Minimalist: For the Love of a Good Burger Critic’s Notebook: A Chef to the Few Heeds the Call of the Many Demand and Costs Rise for Best Cuts Home \u0026 Garden » Real People Meet Real Design New York’s Nurseries Try a Transplant A House on the Hudson With a Japanese Soul Fashion \u0026 Style » What’s Love Got to Do With It? Grade-School Girls, Grown-Up Gossip The ‘Prada’ Defense That Didn’t Fly Automobiles » Behind the Wheel | 2007 Nissan Altima: The Pace Picks Up as Act 4 Begins Wheelspin: On This Run, Way More Bandits Than Smokeys (but No Beer) Design: From a Bad Marriage, Pretty Babies Opinion » Editorial: War Without End Op-Ed Contributors: Op-Chart: In Memoriam I Wrote It. Is It Mine for All Time? (7 Letters) Arts » Art: The Alchemist’s Moment: The Reclusive Mr. Polke Drama: Another Casualty of War Television: The Many Tribes of YouTube Movies » Film: Hollywood on the Lackawanna? A Pause to Refresh a Weary Dogmatist Blood and Crashes? Sounds Like Lynch Theater » Drama: Another Casualty of War Working Out the Kinks, for a Price To Smoke or Not? Thereby Hangs a Tale Books » \u0027Falling Man,\u0027 by Don DeLillo: The Clear Blue Sky \u0027The Canon: A Whirligig Tour of the Beautiful Basics of Science,\u0027 by Natalie Angier: The Known World \u0027A Tranquil Star: Unpublished Stories,\u0027 by Primo Levi: Prisoner of War Week in Review » Suspicion: From Moscow, a New Chill Michael Moore\u0027s Math: ‘Sicko,’ Castro and the ‘120 Years Club’ The World: A Handful of Soldiers, on Patrol Magazine » Judd Apatow’s Family Values The Unintended Consequences of Hyperhydration Where Every Generation Is First-Generation MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched As Condos Rise in Florida, Investors Try to Flee Elite Colleges Open New Door to Low-Income Youths Lens Solution Is Pulled Over Link to Infection Architecture Review: Heaven, Hell and Purgatory, Encased in Glass A Quiet Revolution in Algeria: Gains by Women Next Stop | Krakow: Poland’s Second City Is First Choice for the Young Engulfed by Climate Change, Town Seeks Lifeline The Unintended Consequences of Hyperhydration Guest Columnist: Rethinking Old Age Digital Domain: Apple’s Lesson for Sony’s Stores: Just Connect Go to Complete List » White House Said to Debate \u002708 Cut in Troops by 50% Immigration Bill Provisions Gain Wide Support in Poll Poll Shows Opposition to Iraq War at All Time High U.S. Opposition to Iraq War at All-Time High, Poll Shows Increased Strife Is Foreseen in Iraq if U.S. Troops Leave Suit Sheds Light on Clintons\u0027 Ties to a Benefactor A Makeover for Facebook: New Features for a Growing Audience U.S. Rebuffs Germany on Greenhouse Gas Cuts Clinton Revisits Health Care and Affordability More Than Ever, It Pays to Be the Top Executive Go to Complete List » sex china immigration india iraq iran college gay health education Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/video Watch our exclusive interview with Bill Clinton Also in Video: Land Wars: Venezuelan farmers and landowners face off over Chavez\u0027s reforms Strengthening Indonesia\u0027s Democracy Power of a Mother\u0027s Love — See how one former prostitute overcame the greed of brothel owners in India. Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as low as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/videoWatch our exclusive interview with Bill Clinton Also in Video: Land Wars: Venezuelan farmers and landowners face off over Chavez\u0027s reforms Strengthening Indonesia\u0027s Democracy Power of a Mother\u0027s Love — See how one former prostitute overcame the greed of brothel owners in India.Land Wars: Venezuelan farmers and landowners face off over Chavez\u0027s reformsStrengthening Indonesia\u0027s DemocracyPower of a Mother\u0027s Love — See how one former prostitute overcame the greed of brothel owners in India.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":27,"hourOfDay":13,"minute":18,"second":7},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
