{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"A pan-Muslim unity from the war between Israel and Hezbollah is waning and Sunni-Shiite tension is rising after the executions of Saddam Hussein and two lieutenants in Iraq.The figure represents a vivid measure of the failure of the Iraqi government and U.S. military to provide security.Paradox seems to define I. Lewis Libby Jr., who is charged with lying about leaks to the news media in the battle over Iraq war intelligence.Attacks by militants crossing into Afghanistan from Pakistan have tripled since September along portions of the border, a senior U.S. official said as Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates visited the area.Civil rights advocates say that ethnic and racial violence in Los Angeles grew at an alarming rate last year.The mayor’s proposal would cut property taxes by about 5 percent and also eliminate the city’s sales tax on clothing.Senator Barack Obama said he would formally declare his intention to run on Feb. 10 in Springfield, Ill.What do you think can be done to help curb ethnic and racial violence in Los Angeles?“The Unknown Monet” shows that the Impressionist wasn’t the anti-draftsman he projected publicly.The Huntingon Theater Company’s “Cherry Orchard” has emotion, without drowning in its own teardrops.Real estate sales in parts of Bulgaria and Romania are soaring, fed by booming tourism sectors and investment-hungry buyers.Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More DetailsThousands of executives, journalists, analysts and dealers explored the latest ideas on wheels.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.One would think that human decency would demand simple kindness toward employees mourning a loss.\"This store has been in Forest Acres, a bedroom community of Columbia, the capitol of SC…\"...... More DetailDon\u0027t miss our complete Golden Globes wrap up!","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"Hangings Fuel Sectarian Split Across Mideast",".snippet":"","h4":"Readers\u0027 Opinions »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Arts »Theater »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comDining \u0026 Wine »N.Y. / Region »Europe »Media \u0026 Advertising »World »U.S. »Washington »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Iraqi Death Toll Exceeded 34,000 in 2006, U.N. SaysAs Trial Begins, Cheney’s Ex-Aide Is Still a PuzzleU.S. Seeks More Troops for AfghanistanRacial Hate Feeds a Gang War’s Senseless KillingBloomberg Plans to Cut New York’s Property TaxesObama Starts ’08 Bid, Reshaping Democratic FieldShare Your ThoughtsHyundai Union Agrees to End StrikeSentencing to Resume for Truck DriverWTC Tribute Center Has 100, 000th VisitorThe Nation\u0027s WeatherThe Monet of Pencil and PaperEchoes of Grief and Loss, Modulated by HumorIn E.U.’s Newest States, a Hotter Market110 Central Park SouthFuture Shock vs. the Familiar at the Detroit Auto ShowA Time to Grieve, and to Forge a BondNow, a Chicken in BlackKing Cole Heads for a CleaningFrench Holiday Favors Face CompetitionAnderson: People’s ChampionAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"DEC JAN FEB 17 2006 2007 2008 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC JAN FEB 17 2006 2007 2008DEC JAN FEB172006 2007 200832,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJob Market Real Estate Autos World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings \u0026 Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPointsNews Analysis Hangings Fuel Sectarian Split Across Mideast By MICHAEL SLACKMAN A pan-Muslim unity from the war between Israel and Hezbollah is waning and Sunni-Shiite tension is rising after the executions of Saddam Hussein and two lieutenants in Iraq. Bush Widens Criticism Over Iraq\u0027s Handling of Executions The Lede Blog: Hangings Iraqi Death Toll Exceeded 34,000 in 2006, U.N. Says By SABRINA TAVERNISE The figure represents a vivid measure of the failure of the Iraqi government and U.S. military to provide security. The U.N. Report (pdf) 3 Bombs Kill at Least 70 at University in Baghdad Go to Complete Coverage » As Trial Begins, Cheney’s Ex-Aide Is Still a Puzzle By SCOTT SHANE Paradox seems to define I. Lewis Libby Jr., who is charged with lying about leaks to the news media in the battle over Iraq war intelligence. Potential Jurors Queried on Views of Bush Administration Andrew Gray/Reuters U.S. Seeks More Troops for Afghanistan Attacks by militants crossing into Afghanistan from Pakistan have tripled since September along portions of the border, a senior U.S. official said as Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates visited the area. Racial Hate Feeds a Gang War’s Senseless Killing By RANDAL C. ARCHIBOLD Civil rights advocates say that ethnic and racial violence in Los Angeles grew at an alarming rate last year. Photographs: Race and Violence | Post a Comment Bloomberg Plans to Cut New York’s Property Taxes By DIANE CARDWELL The mayor’s proposal would cut property taxes by about 5 percent and also eliminate the city’s sales tax on clothing. Obama Starts ’08 Bid, Reshaping Democratic Field By JEFF ZELENY Senator Barack Obama said he would formally declare his intention to run on Feb. 10 in Springfield, Ill. Go to The Caucus Blog » | Times Topics: Barack Obama » Back Story With Jeff Zeleny (mp3) MORE NEWS Oil Lease Chief Knew of Error, Report Asserts Anti-Buildup Measure to Have Bipartisan Stamp What $1.2 Trillion Can Buy   Readers\u0027 Opinions » Share Your Thoughts What do you think can be done to help curb ethnic and racial violence in Los Angeles? Post a Comment News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Hyundai Union Agrees to End Strike 12 minutes ago Sentencing to Resume for Truck Driver 16 minutes ago WTC Tribute Center Has 100, 000th Visitor 19 minutes ago The Nation\u0027s Weather 19 minutes ago Arts » The Monet of Pencil and Paper “The Unknown Monet” shows that the Impressionist wasn’t the anti-draftsman he projected publicly. Theater » Echoes of Grief and Loss, Modulated by Humor The Huntingon Theater Company’s “Cherry Orchard” has emotion, without drowning in its own teardrops. Opinion » Dowd: Aux Barricades! The Opinionator Editorial: Partner in Iraq My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | Sectors Real Estate Autos Job Market All Classifieds In E.U.’s Newest States, a Hotter Market Real estate sales in parts of Bulgaria and Romania are soaring, fed by booming tourism sectors and investment-hungry buyers. Find Properties Advanced Search » E-mail alerts Open houses Mortgage News and Rates Post an Ad 110 Central Park South Modern style and a rare opportunity to own a legendary address...More Details Future Shock vs. the Familiar at the Detroit Auto Show Thousands of executives, journalists, analysts and dealers explored the latest ideas on wheels. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers\u0027 cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Go to Photo Gallery Go to Calendar Search Car Listings » 25,000+ Tri-state listings More in Automobiles Free dealer price quotes Search car reviews Sell your car Search 500,000+ Jobs Advanced Search » Employers NEW Post a job online and in print More in Job Market Browse jobs by industry Browse jobs by location A Time to Grieve, and to Forge a Bond One would think that human decency would demand simple kindness toward employees mourning a loss. Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Opportunities Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Job Market Personals Professional Services Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a classifieds ad online | in print \"This store has been in Forest Acres, a bedroom community of Columbia, the capitol of SC…\"...... More Detail Ben \u0026 Jerry \u0026 NATO (April 28, 1998)Ben \u0026 Jerry \u0026 NATO (April 28, 1998)Ben \u0026 Jerry \u0026 NATO (April 28, 1998)Dining \u0026 Wine » N.Y. / Region » Europe » Media \u0026 Advertising »Now, a Chicken in Black King Cole Heads for a Cleaning French Holiday Favors Face Competition Anderson: People’s ChampionHelp those who need it most. Donate to the Neediest Cases Fund today. Switch to TD AMERITRADE and trade free for 45 days + get $100. e-Savings from Citibank. Earn 5.00% APY. Get Details. Earn 5.05% APY - Open a Complete Savings Acct from E*TRADE Bank Turbo charge your network with the fast, flexible HP DL380 server. Executive MBA Program Apply Now Back up your business with HP’s ProLiant ML150 Server—just $1,299 Be Prepared. Fight ID Theft. Equifax Credit Watch™. Equifax.com Fast $7 Trades Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Bush Widens Iraq Criticism Over Handling of Executions Gulf Allies Support Goals of New U.S. Strategy in Iraq French Visit to Tehran, Seen as Diplomatic Faux Pas, Is Aborted U.S. » Chemical Train Derails in Kentucky; Evacuations Are Ordered Court Vacates Term of Algerian in Bomb Plot Justices Decline to Take Up New Eminent Domain Case Washington » Potential Jurors Queried on Views of Bush Administration Justices Decline to Take Up New Eminent Domain Case Justice Dept. Names New Prosecutors, Forcing Some Out N.Y. / Region » Working-Class Housing Complex Will Rise as Part of the Greenery King Cole, a Grimy Old Soul, Heads for a Cleaning Defense Portrays Harrowing Childhood as Reason to Spare Killer of 2 Detectives Science » Boat Rescuers Report Success Herding Dolphins in L.I. Waters Ruins in Northern Syria Bear the Scars of a City’s Final Battle Scientists Warn of Diminished Earth Studies From Space Health » U.N. Says Global AIDS Effort for Children Falls Far Short Genesis HealthCare to Be Sold and Taken Private for $1.25 Billion Pap Test, a Mainstay Against Cervical Cancer, May Be Fading Education » Face Book: At Berkeley Law, a Challenge to Overcome All Barriers On Education: A Young Woman’s Wish, Entombed in Gaza’s Isolation Panel Urges ‘Marshall Plan’ to Improve Middle Schools Real Estate » Home Away: Online, Marketing and Kvetching In E.U.’s Newest States, a Hotter Market Property Values: What You Get for ... $300,000 Business » Atop TV Sets, Basic Black Boxes Face Competition Issues Left Unresolved on Pensions Cablevision Board Rejects Offer by the Dolans Technology » Atop TV Sets, Basic Black Boxes Face Competition Intel’s Fight for Market Cuts Margins Is Live Sex On-Demand Coming to Hotel TVs? Sports » Checkered Flag, or Red Flag? Achieving His Goal, Reese Gazes Even Higher Devils 1, Rangers 0: One Goal and Brodeur Are All the Devils Need Travel » Next Stop: The Centuries-Old Allure of Laos’s Relaxed Capital Journeys: Rio Dances Into New Year Despite Violence Out of Bounds, Within Limits in Silverton, Colo. Dining \u0026 Wine » A Top Chef’s Kitchen Is Far Too Hot, Some Workers Say Sea Sends Distress Call in One-Note Chowders Now, a Chicken in Black Home \u0026 Garden » Irreconcilable Interiors: When Mates Don’t Match The Dome Gains Weight and Settles Down House Proud: Shopping for a Villa, He Wound Up With a Village Fashion \u0026 Style » Money Doesn’t Talk Findings: The Voices in My Head Say ‘Buy It!’ Why Argue? TV Dramas Rip the Cover Off Magazines Automobiles » Future Shock vs. the Familiar at the Detroit Auto Show When Dream Cars Are Powered by Pipe Dreams Making Modern Horsepower the Old-Fashioned Way Opinion » Editorial: The Missing Partner in Iraq Op-Ed Contributor: Escape From the Nursing Home Still Looking for a Way Out of Iraq (7 Letters) Arts » Revealing the Monet of Pencil and Paper Preservation Commission Turns Down Proposal for Upper East Side Tower Theater Review | \u0027The Cherry Orchard\u0027: Echoes of Grief and Loss, Modulated by Humor Movies » News Analysis: At These Golden Globes, Everyone Is a Little Special Movie Review | \u0027Dam Street\u0027: Rejected by Society, a Woman Struggles to Carry On Movie Review | \u0027The GoodTimesKid\u0027 and \u0027Two Wrenching Departures\u0027: A Father and a Son Tell Their Own Tales of Love and Loss Theater » Theater Review | \u0027The Cherry Orchard\u0027: Echoes of Grief and Loss, Modulated by Humor Diagnosis: Acute Case of Broadway Melodium Tremens Theater Review | \u0027The Vietnamization of New Jersey\u0027: Family Life and Other Hazards as Refracted in a Jaundiced Eye Books » \u0027In Spite of the Gods: The Strange Rise of Modern India,\u0027 by Edward Luce: The Power and the Potential of India’s Economic Change Historians Appeal ‘Da Vinci Code’ Case \u0027T.S. Eliot,\u0027 by Craig Raine: A Devoted Tour Guide to a Desert of a Soul Week in Review » The Best We Can Hope For Gunboat Diplomacy: The Watch on the Gulf Bush’s Legacy vs. the 2008 Election Magazine » The Making, and Unmaking, of a Child Soldier Does Abe Foxman Have an Anti-Anti-Semite Problem? Where Protons Will Play MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched 51% of Women Are Now Living Without Spouse Buyers Scarce, Many Condos Are for Rent The Warming of Greenland Findings: The Voices in My Head Say ‘Buy It!’ Why Argue? Modern Love: What Shamu Taught Me About a Happy Marriage Ink: Labradors Still No. 1, but Yorkies, Dahling, Move Into Second Place Questions Couples Should Ask (Or Wish They Had) Before Marrying Blazing a Paper Trail in China Netflix to Deliver Movies to the PC Essay: Diet Supplements and Safety: Some Disquieting Data Go to Complete List » 51% of Women Are Now Living Without Spouse A Rifle in Every Pot U.S. and Iraqis Are Wrangling Over War Plans Bloggers Take on Talk Radio Hosts In This Turn at the Top, Democrats Seek the Middle on Social Issues 24-Hour Newspaper People Two Hussein Allies Are Hanged, Iraqi Official Says Anywhere the Eye Can See, It\u0027s Now Likely to See an Ad Netflix to Deliver Movies to the PC Cheney Defends Efforts to Obtain Financial Records Go to Complete List » saddam hussein hanging video immigration iraq iran saddam china best books of 2006 india education global warming Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/movies Don\u0027t miss our complete Golden Globes wrap up! Also in Movies: Photos of the Golden Globe winners The Carpetbagger\u0027s reports from the Golden Globes The best fashions from the red carpet Blogs Cartoons Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts The Public Editor Sunday Magazine Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care TimesPoints Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds   Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.15 a week.nytimes.com/moviesDon\u0027t miss our complete Golden Globes wrap up! Also in Movies: Photos of the Golden Globe winners The Carpetbagger\u0027s reports from the Golden Globes The best fashions from the red carpetPhotos of the Golden Globe winnersThe Carpetbagger\u0027s reports from the Golden GlobesThe best fashions from the red carpet","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2007,"month":0,"dayOfMonth":17,"hourOfDay":7,"minute":58,"second":1},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
