{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The Democrats sought to present an emotionally powerful two-act evening, featuring Senator Edward M. Kennedy, struggling with brain cancer, and Michelle Obama.Michelle Obama is at the center of what may be the most closely managed spousal rollout in history.Senator Edward M. Kennedy, struggling with terminal brain cancer, made a triumphant appearance.Interactive video and transcript of the senator’s speech in Denver on Monday.Political parties are no longer content to cede the stage to their rivals during their conventions.Zalmay Khalilzad is facing angry questions over his contacts with Asif Ali Zardari, a contender to succeed Pervez Musharraf as president of Pakistan.While Russia’s Parliament wants independence for South Ossetia and Abkhazia, most Western countries support Georgia’s territorial integrity.The complications from concussions, a signature injury of the Iraq war, often are not recognized in singular ways.Even as fans look forward to state-of-the-art stadiums, they face ticket price hikes during an economic downturn.A look back at the newsmakers, the moments, the ceremonies and the host city.Some cities are buying property to prevent troubled neighborhoods from sliding into urban decay.Connor Ennis, a Times sports editor, is taking questions from readers.A tiny submarine is being built to replace a legendary submersible.Is technology that could outthink us a good thing?An ovarian cancer test is prompting questions on regulation and risk.My Portfolios »On the morning of her two closings in June, with all the furniture already en route to her new place in Princeton, N.J., Kitta MacPherson’s cat went into hiding in her old house.The EX35, which Infiniti positions as a “reward” vehicle for women, is a smaller, softer-edged crossover utility vehicle.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.If you’re prone to delaying decisions, you may be allowing paper to pile up, too.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/businessAlso in Business:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Where housing crashed hardest","h3":"Kennedy Tugs at Hearts, as Obama’s Wife Praises Values",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Science Times »Health »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comMovies »Health »U.S. »Opinion »N.Y. / Region »Opinion »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Michelle Obama, Reluctant No MoreEdward M. KennedyRepublicans Try to Upstage DemocratsU.N. Envoy’s Ties to Pakistani Are QuestionedEnclave Hails Tight Embrace From MoscowWar Veterans’ Concussions Are Often OverlookedNew Stadiums: Prices, and Outrage, EscalateInteractive Feature: Olympics in PicturesCommunities Buying HomesCollege Football CoverageGunmen Abduct Japanese Aid Worker In AfghanistanAustralia\u0027s Foster\u0027s H2 Profit Falls on Wine WoesSuu Kyi fails to pick up food delivery in MyanmarRev. Sharpton announces 7 - state voter campaignUpgrading AlvinPartner or Master?Hope and ConcernSearch Health TopicsEven After the Closing, a Loose End2 Tons of EmpowermentMoving Mountains on Your DeskErrol Flynn’s Wicked, Wicked Ways Go WestVitamin D Deficiency May Lurk in BabiesTalking Directly to Believers in the Eco LifeForeclosures Cause Crises for Renters With H.I.V.Allison Arieff: Décor WatchAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 26 2007 2008 2009 39,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 26 2007 2008 2009JUL AUG SEP262007 2008 200939,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Olympics Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events All the news that\u0027s fit to personalize. Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.Kennedy Tugs at Hearts, as Obama’s Wife Praises Values By ADAM NAGOURNEY 1:03 AM ET The Democrats sought to present an emotionally powerful two-act evening, featuring Senator Edward M. Kennedy, struggling with brain cancer, and Michelle Obama. Slide Shows: First Day of the Convention | Security Interactive: Convention History | Schedule | Seating More From The Caucus Post a Comment Michelle Obama, Reluctant No More By JODI KANTOR 12:32 AM ET Michelle Obama is at the center of what may be the most closely managed spousal rollout in history. In Kennedy Speech, Echoes of a Distant Past 11:52 PM ET Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Senator Edward M. Kennedy, struggling with terminal brain cancer, made a triumphant appearance. The Speeches Edward M. Kennedy Interactive video and transcript of the senator’s speech in Denver on Monday. Text of Michelle Obama’s Remarks Times Topics: Edward M. Kennedy | Michelle Obama Republicans Try to Upstage Democrats By JIM RUTENBERG  12:14 AM ET Political parties are no longer content to cede the stage to their rivals during their conventions. Political Memo: Three Dynasties The Search for Catharsis A Possible Plot Against Obama 2:02 AM ET U.N. Envoy’s Ties to Pakistani Are Questioned By HELENE COOPER and MARK MAZZETTI Zalmay Khalilzad is facing angry questions over his contacts with Asif Ali Zardari, a contender to succeed Pervez Musharraf as president of Pakistan. Times Topics: Zalmay Khalilzad | Asif Ali Zardari Enclave Hails Tight Embrace From Moscow By ELLEN BARRY and MATT SIEGEL While Russia’s Parliament wants independence for South Ossetia and Abkhazia, most Western countries support Georgia’s territorial integrity. Guns Silent, Moscow and Tbilisi Open New Front in Denver Times Topics: Russia | Georgia War Veterans’ Concussions Are Often Overlooked By LIZETTE ALVAREZ The complications from concussions, a signature injury of the Iraq war, often are not recognized in singular ways. Times Topics: Traumatic Brain Injury New Stadiums: Prices, and Outrage, Escalate By RICHARD SANDOMIR Even as fans look forward to state-of-the-art stadiums, they face ticket price hikes during an economic downturn. MORE NEWS Communities Become Home Buyers to Fight Decay Hundreds Are Held in Immigration Raid Front-Row Seats on Broadway, if You Dare Average U.S. Income Showed First Rise Over 2000 Olympics 2008 Interactive Feature: Olympics in Pictures A look back at the newsmakers, the moments, the ceremonies and the host city. What Next for China? | Rings: How Some Olympic Stories Ended New Cast of Olympic Heroes for China | Complete Coverage »   Readers’ Comments Communities Buying Homes Some cities are buying property to prevent troubled neighborhoods from sliding into urban decay. Post a Comment Related Article Talk to the Newsroom » College Football Coverage Connor Ennis, a Times sports editor, is taking questions from readers. E-Mail a Question News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Gunmen Abduct Japanese Aid Worker In Afghanistan 16 minutes ago Australia\u0027s Foster\u0027s H2 Profit Falls on Wine Woes 21 minutes ago Suu Kyi fails to pick up food delivery in Myanmar 21 minutes ago Rev. Sharpton announces 7 - state voter campaign 24 minutes ago Science Times » Upgrading Alvin A tiny submarine is being built to replace a legendary submersible. Partner or Master? Is technology that could outthink us a good thing? Post a Comment Health » Hope and Concern An ovarian cancer test is prompting questions on regulation and risk. Health Guide Search Health Topics Opinion » Brooks: 21st-Century Man Comments Herbert: Dog Not Barking Comments Opinionator: Mrs. Obama Editorial: Good Fighter Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds The Sell Even After the Closing, a Loose End By KEITH MULVIHILL On the morning of her two closings in June, with all the furniture already en route to her new place in Princeton, N.J., Kitta MacPherson’s cat went into hiding in her old house. More Sell Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Mortgage News and Rates Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » 2008 Infiniti EX35 2 Tons of Empowerment The EX35, which Infiniti positions as a “reward” vehicle for women, is a smaller, softer-edged crossover utility vehicle. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Career Couch Moving Mountains on Your Desk If you’re prone to delaying decisions, you may be allowing paper to pile up, too. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad » All the news that\u0027s fit to archive.All the news that\u0027s fit to archive.Movies » Health » U.S. » Opinion » N.Y. / Region » Opinion »Errol Flynn’s Wicked, Wicked Ways Go West Vitamin D Deficiency May Lurk in Babies Talking Directly to Believers in the Eco Life Foreclosures Cause Crises for Renters With H.I.V. Allison Arieff: Décor WatchThe only address to know. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. All the news that\u0027s fit to applaud. Free Small Business advice. Search for listings on your mobile phone Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Fractious Coalition in Pakistan Breaks Apart E.U. Treads Gingerly in Georgia Crisis Zimbabwe Opposition Wins Key Post U.S. » Fighting Cancer, Kennedy Adds an Opening Spark Stalwarts for Clinton, in Search of Catharsis Political Memo: Three Democratic Clans Mix Uneasily Politics » Political Memo: Three Democratic Clans Mix Uneasily For Some, Echoes of a Distant Past Stalwarts for Clinton, in Search of Catharsis N.Y. / Region » Model City Worker Gets a Hero’s Goodbye, Her Baby in Her Arms Air Storage Is Explored for Energy U.S. Officials Will Review Pollution in Waterway Science » New Sphere in Exploring the Abyss Findings: Technology That Outthinks Us: A Partner or a Master? Deadly Pathogen Harms Florida Citrus Groves Health » Cancer Test for Women Raises Hope, and Concern Books: A Doctor Transformed, Into a Patient Vitamin D Deficiency May Lurk in Babies Education » 10 City Schools to Focus Reading Skills on Content As Food Costs Rise, So Do School Lunch Prices For the Last Presidential Debate, a Nation’s Eyes Will Turn to Hofstra Real Estate » What You Need to Know Before You Rent Living In | Highlands, N.J.: A Clam Town, Coming Out of Its Shell Accessible Homes? Not Really, Say Disabled Residents Business » Home Sales Increased 3.1% in July Honda Stays True to Efficient Driving Gulf Countries Remain Tied to the Dollar Technology » Web Audience for Games Soars for NBC and Yahoo Shift at the Top Emphasizes SAP’s Bottom Line Laws and Consumer Demand Lead to Better Headsets Sports » U.S. Open ’08: Night Time Once Again Proves to Be Blake Time U.S. Open ’08: Davenport Hesitates Regarding Her Return Mets 9, Astros 1: With Another Complete Game, Pelfrey Gives Mets a Lift Obituaries » Laurence Urdang, Language Expert Who Edited Dictionaries, Dies at 81 Ralph Young, Sandler \u0026 Young Singer, Is Dead at 90 Fred Crane, Scarlett’s Suitor in the Film ‘Gone With the Wind,’ Dies at 90 Travel » Cultured Traveler | Spain: A Poet’s Realm of Myth and Reality The Lure of Namibia Next Stop | Asilah: Shedding What’s Shabby at a Moroccan Port Dining \u0026 Wine » Weekend in New York | Caribbean Food: In Brooklyn, Every Palate Is an Island The Island: Cooking to Earn Respect, 600 Dinners at a Time Urban Studies | Dining: Fish and Hips Home \u0026 Garden » Home Work: How Green Is My Garden, How Strong Is My Urge to Root A Sustainability That Aims to Seduce In a Father’s Clutter, Historic Oddities Fashion \u0026 Style » Critical Shopper | Steven Alan: Striking Just the Right ... Pose The Year of the Political Blogger Has Arrived Ready-Made Rockefeller Automobiles » Wheelspin: Back From War, Back at the Wheel Behind the Wheel | 2008 Infiniti EX35: 2 Tons of Empowerment Design: A New Top Banana Throws Mercedes a Curve Opinion » Editorial: The Good Fighter Letters: As the Democrats Take the Stage Op-Ed Columnist: The 21st-Century Man Arts » New DVDs: His Wicked, Wicked Ways Go West Television Review: English Lad, Welsh Lass and Cheeky Pals A World of Imports in TV’s New Season Movies » New DVDs: His Wicked, Wicked Ways Go West Film: Excerpts From the Spanish Diary Film: Images With Impact, and With a Debt to the Late 1980s Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Hamlet\u0027: ‘Hamlet’ Outdoors: The Setting’s the Thing Theater Review | \u0027Cymbeline\u0027: The Plot’s a Tangle; Its Setting, Not at All Antsy Adolescents Romp at Edinburgh Festivals Books » Books of The Times: Behold the Kind-of Hero, in a Sort-of Civil War Books: A Doctor Transformed, Into a Patient Books of The Times: A Texas Babe to Join the Brethren (Any Dissenting Opinions?) Week in Review » The Nation: The American Wanderer, in All His Stripes The World: A Marathon Long Before China Began a Mad Dash Ideas \u0026 Trends: Becoming the Big New Idea: First, Look the Part Magazine » How Obama Reconciles Dueling Views on Economy John McEnroe Is Still Pretty Complicated My Long War T Magazine » L.A. | Mapping the Architectural Stars Editor\u0027s Find: Modern Antiques Teen Bloggers: Too Cool for School MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Some Britons Too Unruly for Resorts in Europe Recipes for Health: Zucchini ‘Pasta’ Drilling Boom Revives Hopes for Natural Gas A Teacher on the Front Line as Faith and Science Clash Paul Krugman: Accentuate the Negative In Nuclear Net’s Undoing, a Web of Shadowy Deals That Student Loan, So Hard to Shake An Architect Unshackled by Limits of the Real World Frank Rich: Last Call for Change We Can Believe In How Obama Reconciles Dueling Views on Economy Go to Complete List » A Joe of His Own? Accentuate the Negative Son Was Paid by Bank While Biden Pushed Bill Blacks Debate Civil Rights Risk in Obama\u0027s Rise Fractious Coalition in Pakistan Breaks Apart What to Do in Denver if You\u0027re a Democrat Anxious Party Hopes to Show Strong Obama Drilling Boom Revives Hopes for Natural Gas In Nuclear Net\u0027s Undoing, a Web of Shadowy Deals Web Audience for Games Soars for NBC and Yahoo Go to Complete List » august 3, 2008 cancer biden olympics obama maureen dowd china mccain bush india Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/business Where housing crashed hardest Also in Business: The Fed debates how to counter inflation Analysts\u0027 accuracy drops, report says Is Goldman Sachs losing its halo? Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080826063220,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
