{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Barack Obama’s ambitious strategy to make incursions into Republican territory is gaining new force, while John McCain is scaling back his efforts to capture Democratic states.A decision, made under pressure from Congress and investors, to steer Fannie Mae into dangerous corners of the mortgage market proved to be disastrous.Bank Deal: Citigroup said it had persuaded a New York judge to temporarily block Wells Fargo from acquiring Wachovia.Ripples in Europe: Leaders pledged to head off disaster on their end.The Dodgers reached the National League Championship Series as the Cubs held to form, falling apart in October. Above, Rich Harden, starting pitcher for the Cubs.Months after a Supreme Court ruling, none of the habeas corpus cases of Guantánamo detainees have been resolved.Assertions that the Afghan president’s brother is linked to the heroin trade have deeply worried American officials.Brandon Jennings, a high school all-American, skipped college and is playing professional basketball in Italy.Bill Cunningham on the popularity of lace, a fabric that once represented the mother of the bride or the evening.Push yourself to the physical limit by day and relax with a glass of wine at night.There are ways to get great seats to Tony Award- winning Broadway shows for under $50.The airline has been on a reinvention drive since 2007’s snowstorm debacle.A four-bedroom home in Wapiti, Wyo.; a five-bedroom town house in Portland, Me.; and a five-bedroom house in Austin, Tex.Fuel economy as high as 60 miles a gallon could provide hesitant buyers with the perfect excuse to get a motorcycle.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Fuel economy as high as 60 miles a gallon could provide hesitant buyers with the perfect excuse to get a motorcycle.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/jobsAlso in Jobs:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Salute Our Heroes- Veterans career fair","h3":"Economic Unrest Shifts Electoral Battlegrounds",".snippet":"","h4":"Fashion \u0026 Style »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Travel »Opinion »Business »Inside NYTimes.comThe City »Opinion »Magazine »Opinion »Fashion \u0026 Style »Music »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Pressured to Take More Risk, Fannie Hit a Tipping PointWait Till 101st Year: Dodgers Eliminate CubsDespite Ruling, Detainee Cases Facing DelaysReports Link Karzai’s Brother to Heroin TradeAt 19, Plotting New Path to N.B.A., via EuropeAudio Slide Show: On the StreetCiti: Wells Fargo Blocked From Buying WachoviaSaturday\u0027s College FootballThailand Says Cambodia Fired First In Border ClashHawaii Beats No. 22 Fresno State 32-29 in OTBiking Colorado’s Wine CountrySeeing Shows Without Breaking the BankAt JetBlue, Growing Up Is Hard to DoWhat You Get for . . . $750,000A Lot of Smiles Per GallonA Lot of Smiles Per GallonBoswell to the BluebloodsWill Self: Bumbling Through the BalearicsSilicon Valley’s Venture Capitalists Go GreenWeddings and CelebrationsA Man of Many Talents, Eager to Use Them AllAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"SEP OCT NOV 5 2007 2008 2009 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpSEP OCT NOV 5 2007 2008 2009SEP OCT NOV52007 2008 200932,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Machine Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Which movies do the Critics recommend?Economic Unrest Shifts Electoral Battlegrounds By ADAM NAGOURNEY and JEFF ZELENY Barack Obama’s ambitious strategy to make incursions into Republican territory is gaining new force, while John McCain is scaling back his efforts to capture Democratic states. Interactive: How the Electoral Map Looks With a Month to Go Palin, on Offensive, Attacks Obama’s Ties to ’60s Radical The Reckoning Pressured to Take More Risk, Fannie Hit a Tipping Point By CHARLES DUHIGG A decision, made under pressure from Congress and investors, to steer Fannie Mae into dangerous corners of the mortgage market proved to be disastrous. Video: Fannie and the Crisis Previous Articles in the Series » Bank Deal: Citigroup said it had persuaded a New York judge to temporarily block Wells Fargo from acquiring Wachovia. Ripples in Europe: Leaders pledged to head off disaster on their end. Mark J. Terrill/Associated Press Wait Till 101st Year: Dodgers Eliminate Cubs By TYLER KEPNER 14 minutes ago The Dodgers reached the National League Championship Series as the Cubs held to form, falling apart in October. Above, Rich Harden, starting pitcher for the Cubs. Despite Ruling, Detainee Cases Facing Delays By WILLIAM GLABERSON Months after a Supreme Court ruling, none of the habeas corpus cases of Guantánamo detainees have been resolved. Reports Link Karzai’s Brother to Heroin Trade By JAMES RISEN Assertions that the Afghan president’s brother is linked to the heroin trade have deeply worried American officials. At 19, Plotting New Path to N.B.A., via Europe By PETE THAMEL Brandon Jennings, a high school all-American, skipped college and is playing professional basketball in Italy. Family Keeps Teenage Pro Grounded MORE NEWS Many Stark Contrasts as Simpson Is Convicted Command for Africa Is Established by Pentagon Justices Return to Work, With Less Meaty Docket Bush Makes a Wistful Trip to a Boyhood Home Three Weeks After Ike, a Grim Task of Recovery Boomtown of Dubai Feels Effects of Global Crisis   Fashion \u0026 Style » Audio Slide Show: On the Street Bill Cunningham on the popularity of lace, a fabric that once represented the mother of the bride or the evening. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Citi: Wells Fargo Blocked From Buying Wachovia 17 minutes ago Saturday\u0027s College Football 19 minutes ago Thailand Says Cambodia Fired First In Border Clash 24 minutes ago Hawaii Beats No. 22 Fresno State 32-29 in OT 33 minutes ago Travel » Biking Colorado’s Wine Country Push yourself to the physical limit by day and relax with a glass of wine at night. Slide Show Seeing Shows Without Breaking the Bank There are ways to get great seats to Tony Award- winning Broadway shows for under $50. Opinion » Rich: Palin Mauls McCain Comments Friedman: Debtor Nation Kristof: Unknowing Racists Dowd: Pompom Palaver Comments Editorial: Fill Bailout Gaps Business » At JetBlue, Growing Up Is Hard to Do The airline has been on a reinvention drive since 2007’s snowstorm debacle. Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Property Values What You Get for . . . $750,000 A four-bedroom home in Wapiti, Wyo.; a five-bedroom town house in Portland, Me.; and a five-bedroom house in Austin, Tex. Slide Show More Property Values Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » Handlebars A Lot of Smiles Per Gallon Fuel economy as high as 60 miles a gallon could provide hesitant buyers with the perfect excuse to get a motorcycle. 2009 Harley-Davidson Sportster: Rumbling on a Budget COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Handlebars A Lot of Smiles Per Gallon Fuel economy as high as 60 miles a gallon could provide hesitant buyers with the perfect excuse to get a motorcycle. 2009 Harley-Davidson Sportster: Rumbling on a Budget ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »The City » Opinion » Magazine » Opinion » Fashion \u0026 Style » Music »Boswell to the Bluebloods Will Self: Bumbling Through the Balearics Silicon Valley’s Venture Capitalists Go Green Weddings and Celebrations A Man of Many Talents, Eager to Use Them AllVeterans Career Fair \u0026 Job Expo Nov. 6, 2008 The only address to know. Visit NYTimes.com Business Directory Search for listings on your mobile phone Find movie showtimes in your area. Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Boomtown of Dubai Feels Effects of Global Crisis European Leaders Vow to Fight Financial Crisis Arms Deal to Taiwan Riles China U.S. » Three Weeks After Storm, a Grim Task of Recovery For Two Longtime Bank Rivals in Charlotte, Competition Turns to Concern Report Says Forest Service Has Harassed Gatherings Politics » Observations From Handful of Cities That Could Prove to Be Electoral Key Catholic Church Is Riven by Internal Debate Congressional Memo: Bailout Votes and the Economy Threaten to Overwhelm Other Issues N.Y. / Region » Drab Setting, but Joyous Work: Making 2 Into 1 Countering Mayor’s Bid With a Bill to Put Term Limits in the Voters’ Hands From the Neighborhoods, Thoughts on a Third Term Science » New Jersey Grants Rights to Build a Wind Farm About 20 Miles Offshore Sunspots Are Fewest Since 1954, but Significance Is Unclear Dot Earth: Tuna Imperiled by Its Bicoastal Habits Health » Top Psychiatrist Didn’t Report Drug Makers’ Pay Idea Lab: Losing the Weight Stigma Consults: What\u0027s the Healthiest Diet of All? Education » High School Sports: Bill Would Further Anti-Drug Efforts Mayor’s Push for a 3rd Term Clouds Debate Over School Control Edward S. Klima, Sign Language Expert, Dies at 77 Real Estate » Apartment Hunting With Children in Mind Habitats: Thoroughly Modern, Amid the Traditional The Hunt: Starting All Over Again Business » Citigroup Says Judge’s Order Suspends Wachovia Deal End of an Era on Wall Street: Goodbye to All That European Leaders Vow to Fight Financial Crisis Technology » Digital Domain: Can’t Open Your E-Mailbox? Good Luck Google and Yahoo Delay Ad Deal for Antitrust Review Credit Crisis Spreads a Pall Over Silicon Valley Sports » Brewers 4, Phillies 1: Brewers Stave Off Elimination With Win Missouri 52, Nebraska 17: Missouri Turns the Tables on Nebraska Signals to Defense: Once Seen, Now Heard Obituaries » Boris Yefimov, Sharp Russian Cartoonist Who Was Beloved by Stalin, Dies at 109 Edward S. Klima, Sign Language Expert, Dies at 77 Anthony Spero, a Name in the Bonanno Crime Family, Is Dead at 79 Travel » Biking Colorado’s Wine Country Journeys: Recalling La Dolce Vita in Eritrea Weekend in New York: Seeing the Show Without Breaking the Bank Dining \u0026 Wine » The Minimalist: No-Knead Bread: Not Making Itself Yet, but a Lot Quicker A Good Appetite: Steamed Flounder, Inspired by Chinatown The Way We Eat: 10-5-08: Fry, Baby Home \u0026 Garden » The Curse of Duncraig Castle Homesteads: Up, Up and Away Ask the Contractor: My Basement Floods. What Should I Do? Fashion \u0026 Style » Fashion Diary: As Lovable as a Daffy Aunt Benefit Season: What Goes On Behind a Scene Sorry, Fido, It’s Just a Guy Thing Automobiles » Behind the Wheel | 2009 Toyota Corolla: A New Term for the World Leader Auto Ego: A Smooth 35-Year Ride Handlebars: A Lot of Smiles Per Gallon Opinion » Editorial: Meanwhile, in the Economy The Public Editor: Political Scorekeeping Letters: Who Should Pay for Medical Errors? Arts » A Man of Many Talents, Eager to Use Them All Music: A Cappella Dreaming: 10 Voices, One Shot Books: Cloak, Dagger and Abuses of a New Era Movies » Film: Gambling With a Return to the Mideast Young and Out to Redefine What’s Real Film: Wong Kar-wai’s Phoenix Project, Rising at Last Theater » The Grinch Meets Sir Thomas More War and Sex: Who’s Afraid of Sarah Kane? Theater Review | \u0027The Seagull\u0027: Thwarted Souls’ Broken Wings Books » Dying of the Light Eco-nomics The Master and the Mistress Week in Review » Power Plays: How Free Should a Free Market Be? Vice President: The Heartbeat Job Congress: When 535 Take On Number 1 Magazine » Capitalism to the Rescue Her Highness Still Rules Tom Davis Gives Up T Magazine » Model Transformation | Sigrid Kai Kühne Hearts the Glamazon Rita Ackermann Paris Fashion Week | Chanel MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Pogue\u0027s Posts: Tech Tips for the Basic Computer User Gail Collins: Talking in Points Dick Cheney, Role Model Bob Herbert: Palin’s Alternate Universe Op-Ed Contributor: Everything You Heard Is Wrong The Reckoning: Agency’s ’04 Rule Let Banks Pile Up New Debt Obama and ’60s Bomber: A Look Into Crossed Paths Charles M. Blow: The Joe Biden Show Biking Colorado’s Wine Country Top Psychiatrist Didn’t Report Drug Makers’ Pay Go to Complete List » The Palin Rebound Obama Has Met Ayers, but the Two Are Not Close Bush Signs Rescue Bill After House Vote In Debate, Republican Ticket Survives One Test Verdict Reached in Simpson Trial California, Short of Cash, Asks for Treasury Loan Edge of the Abyss A Candidate Recaptures Her Image Sunspots Are Fewest Since 1954, but Significance Is Unclear Dick Cheney, Role Model Go to Complete List » palin obama cancer vice presidential debate maureen dowd bailout october 3, 2008 september 1, 2008 debate korea Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/jobs Salute Our Heroes- Veterans career fair Also in Jobs: From the armed forces to the work force The rise of the unassigned workspace Navigators for the college bound Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2008,"month":9,"dayOfMonth":5,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":33,"second":8},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
