{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Hurricane Ike churned toward Galveston and Houston, raising fears that a 20-foot-high wall of water could devastate Galveston.Three top officials convened the heads of Wall Street’s biggest investment banks for an emergency meeting to impress upon them the need to find a plan to rescue Lehman Brothers.John McCain has drawn an avalanche of criticism for stretching the truth in attacking Barack Obama’s record and positions.A freight train collided with a rush-hour commuter train in what was potentially the deadliest accident in the history of the Southern California commuter trains.Many state lotteries are experiencing record sales, as some try to turn a lottery ticket into a ticket back to prosperity.Countless government records are being lost to posterity because workers do not regularly preserve documents.Russian forces seemed to prepare to withdraw from positions in western Georgia, weeks after a war there.Expensive ready-to-wear is working like haute couture, as bait to hook consumers.Football for smarties: An inside look at a complex game.“Burn After Reading” has a tricky plot and visual style but little heart.The new version of “The Women” stumbles toward screwball.The experience of Dan Savage should give the Justice Department pause about a Google-Yahoo deal, Joe Nocera writes.A 1,232-square-foot house in Key West, Fla.; a six-building compound in Fruitland, Utah; and a two-bedroom house in Romansville, Penn.Gordon Murray, the engineer behind the McLaren F1, responds to readers’ questions about his supercar, his city-car design and the future of automobiles.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.More companies now see the value of military experience, in terms of skills training, work ethic and culture, which stresses teamwork, loyalty and integrity.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/autosAlso in Autos:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Train Collision Kills at Least 15What should Don Draper drive?","h3":"A Million Flee as Huge Storm Begins to Hit Texas Coast",".snippet":"","h4":"In Sunday’s TimesNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Business »Inside NYTimes.comFashion \u0026 Style »Opinion »Escapes »Opinion »Travel »Art \u0026 Design »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve CrisisMcCain Barbs Stirring Outcry as DistortionsScores of Passengers Injured in Los AngelesSweet Dreams in Hard Times Add to Lottery SalesIn Digital Age, Federal Files Blip Into OblivionRussians Apparently Packing Up in GeorgiaAdventure in Detail and PerspectivePlay MagazineTrain collision rocks quiet LA neighborhoodRussians Apparently Packing Up in GeorgiaBomb Is Said to Kill Afghan GovernorAt least 10 dead in LA commuter train wreckA License to LaughCatfights and Class StrugglesStuck in Google’s DoghouseWhat You Get for ... $1 MillionAnswers From an Engineer ExtraordinaireFrom the Armed Forces to the Work ForceFashion Week CoverageLetters: It’s a Proud Tradition, Not an EpithetCruising Carolina36 Hours in the Mission District of San FranciscoMaster of Many Styles, and Many MentorsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 13 2007 2008 2009 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 13 2007 2008 2009AUG SEP OCT132007 2008 200939,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events New York Times Live: Bringing the pages of The Times to life www.nytimeslive.com Which movies made the 1,000 Best list? In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.A Million Flee as Huge Storm Begins to Hit Texas Coast By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr. and IAN URBINA Hurricane Ike churned toward Galveston and Houston, raising fears that a 20-foot-high wall of water could devastate Galveston. Audio: Texas Residents Slide Show Stubborn Bunch Rides Out Storm in Galveston U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis By ERIC DASH Three top officials convened the heads of Wall Street’s biggest investment banks for an emergency meeting to impress upon them the need to find a plan to rescue Lehman Brothers. Employees Await Next Step U.S. Holds the Whip Hand in Modifying Mortgages McCain Barbs Stirring Outcry as Distortions By MICHAEL COOPER and JIM RUTENBERG John McCain has drawn an avalanche of criticism for stretching the truth in attacking Barack Obama’s record and positions. Working Mother Questions ‘Irrelevant,’ Palin Says Reviews of Gibson Are In Train Collision Kills at Least 15 Jonathan Alcorn for The New York Times Scores of Passengers Injured in Los Angeles By JENNIFER STEINHAUER A freight train collided with a rush-hour commuter train in what was potentially the deadliest accident in the history of the Southern California commuter trains. Photographs Sweet Dreams in Hard Times Add to Lottery Sales By KATIE ZEZIMA Many state lotteries are experiencing record sales, as some try to turn a lottery ticket into a ticket back to prosperity. In Digital Age, Federal Files Blip Into Oblivion By ROBERT PEAR Countless government records are being lost to posterity because workers do not regularly preserve documents. Russians Apparently Packing Up in Georgia By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 3 minutes ago Russian forces seemed to prepare to withdraw from positions in western Georgia, weeks after a war there. MORE NEWS In Tangle of Young Lips, a Sex Rebellion in Chile Bomb Is Said to Kill Afghan Governor 3 minutes ago Another Twist in Case of Dead Anthrax Suspect Dining Preview A Tart That’s Sweet, Yet Savory Fashion Review Adventure in Detail and Perspective By CATHY HORYN Expensive ready-to-wear is working like haute couture, as bait to hook consumers. Playing Peekaboo, Once Again Go to Complete Coverage »   In Sunday’s Times Play Magazine Football for smarties: An inside look at a complex game. Book Review Arts \u0026 Leisure Magazine News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Train collision rocks quiet LA neighborhood 15 minutes ago Russians Apparently Packing Up in Georgia 16 minutes ago Bomb Is Said to Kill Afghan Governor 17 minutes ago At least 10 dead in LA commuter train wreck 18 minutes ago Movies » A License to Laugh “Burn After Reading” has a tricky plot and visual style but little heart. Catfights and Class Struggles The new version of “The Women” stumbles toward screwball. Opinion » Herbert: She’s Not Ready Collins: Cloned Candidates Op-Ed: Prudent Regulation Editorial: Palin Worldview Business » Stuck in Google’s Doghouse The experience of Dan Savage should give the Justice Department pause about a Google-Yahoo deal, Joe Nocera writes. Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Property Values What You Get for ... $1 Million A 1,232-square-foot house in Key West, Fla.; a six-building compound in Fruitland, Utah; and a two-bedroom house in Romansville, Penn. Slide Show More Property Values Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » Wheels Answers From an Engineer Extraordinaire Gordon Murray, the engineer behind the McLaren F1, responds to readers’ questions about his supercar, his city-car design and the future of automobiles. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Career Couch From the Armed Forces to the Work Force More companies now see the value of military experience, in terms of skills training, work ethic and culture, which stresses teamwork, loyalty and integrity. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Fashion \u0026 Style » Opinion » Escapes » Opinion » Travel » Art \u0026 Design »Fashion Week Coverage Letters: It’s a Proud Tradition, Not an Epithet Cruising Carolina 36 Hours in the Mission District of San Francisco Master of Many Styles, and Many MentorsSearch for listings on your mobile phone The retail industry has opportunities for you. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. The only address to know. New York Times Live: Bringing the pages of The Times to life Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Charges Dismissed for South African Party Leader U.S. Calls Venezuelan Officials Rebel Supporters Who Gets Real Power in Zimbabwe Deal Still Unclear U.S. » Terror Plan Would Give F.B.I. More Power Working Mother Questions ‘Irrelevant,’ Palin Says Alaska Lawmakers Vote to Subpoena Todd Palin Politics » The Ad Campaign: A Sharp Attack on Obama Obama, Trying to Rally Jittery Backers, Attacks McCain as Out of Touch The Ad Campaign: Portraying McCain as a Man of the Past N.Y. / Region » Note to Civic-Minded: Prepare to Reveal Riches A Trove of Golden Broadway Images, Stuck in a Tangled History Hidden Cost Seen for City if Term Limits Are Shelved Science » Observatory: Luck Was Key to Dinosaurs’ Survival, Study Suggests Observatory: Tiny Water Bears Triumph Over Outer Space The Bipolar Puzzle Health » Recipes for Health: Italian Bread Salad Defibrillators Are Lifesaver, but Risks Give Pause The Bipolar Puzzle Education » About New York: At P.S. 8, Image Didn’t Match Performance In Brooklyn, Low Grade for a School of Successes At Columbia, Students Mix Studies With Volunteer Work, for Credits Real Estate » Unearthing Hidden Space Streetscapes | 14th Street and Irving Place: A Beacon of the Changing Times Living In | Putnam Valley, N.Y.: The Difference a Few Miles Can Make Business » Lehman and Its Staff Await Next Step U.S. Holds the Whip Hand in Modifying Mortgages Your Money: Memo to the Uneasy Investor: Be Strong Technology » Talking Business: Stuck in Google’s Doghouse Bits: AOL’s Luddites Love Their E-Mail More Than Google’s Geeks Bits: Someone Stole Your Cellphone? Tell It to Phone Home Sports » A Strong Arm and a Strong Mind Rainouts Saturate Weekend With Doubleheaders Bleak Night Is Backdrop Fitting for These Yanks Obituaries » Ralph Plaisted, 80, Adventurer and Polar Pioneer, Dies Alain Jacquet, Pop Artist Known for Playful Renditions, Is Dead at 69 Helen Galland, Former President of Bonwit Teller, Dies at 83 Travel » Flying the Unfriendly Skies Heads Up | Family Travel: Bypassing the Roadblocks of Autism 36 Hours in San Francisco Dining \u0026 Wine » A Good Appetite: A Tart That’s Sweet, Yet Savory Manhattan Gets a Mozzarella Bar The Minimalist: From a Chinese Island, a Chicken for Every Pot Home \u0026 Garden » The Next Little Thing? Instead of Trading Up, Adding a High-Style Shed The Natural Look, With Much Effort Fashion \u0026 Style » When in Doubt, Spit It Out Fashion Plays Peekaboo, Once Again The Upshot on Palin and Her Updo Automobiles » G.M. at 100: Is Its Future Electric? Around the Block | Chevrolet Malibu LTZ: Add Gears, Subtract Cylinders The Batteries Are Included Opinion » Editorial: Gov. Palin’s Worldview Letters: Do Voters Want Passion, Policy or Both? Op-Ed Columnist: She’s Not Ready Arts » Dance: New Home for an Artist, New Hope for American Ballet Theater Music Review | Dicapo Opera Theater: Salem Ghouls Suffer a Socially Relevant Torment ‘Forbidden Broadway’ Curtain to Go Down Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Burn After Reading\u0027: Coens Ask the C.I.A. for a License to Laugh Movie Review | \u0027Tyler Perry’s The Family That Preys\u0027: Money Isn’t Everything When Values Are at Stake Movie Review | \u0027The Women\u0027: Catfights and Class Struggles, but Not at Katz’s Deli Theater » ‘Forbidden Broadway’ Curtain to Go Down Tragedy in the Theater, a Bit of Drama Around It Theater Review | \u0027Disco Pigs\u0027: Young, Irish and Up Against the Limits of Friendship Books » On the Ground The Secret Mother One for the Books Week in Review » Target Practice: Media Bashing 101 Memories of Containment: Coming to Grips With Russia’s New Nerve The Nation: Gustav Was No Katrina, but Next Time ... Magazine » The Bipolar Puzzle Wind-Power Politics Really, Really, Big in Britain T Magazine » Magazines: The McCain Design Challenge Model-morphosis | Catherine McNeill\u0027s Many Looks Fashion Week | Model for President MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Paul Krugman: Blizzard of Lies The Key to Wedded Bliss? Money Matters Op-Ed Contributor: The Origins of the Universe: A Crash Course In First Big Interview, Palin Says, ‘I’m Ready’ The Bipolar Puzzle Gail Collins: Misery Loves Democrats Judith Warner: No Laughing Matter 36 Hours in San Francisco Girl Talk Has Its Limits The Next Little Thing? Go to Complete List » Obama Plans Sharper Tone as Party Frets Blizzard of Lies Misery Loves Democrats In First Big Interview, Palin Says, \u0027I\u0027m Ready\u0027 Figure in Rosenberg Case Admits Spying for Soviets Those Awaiting Biden Gaffes Aren\u0027t Disappointed Mexican Billionaire Buys a 6.4% Stake in Times Company Mississippi\u0027s Ballot Trick The Towers of Memory, Before and After The Social Animal Go to Complete List » palin 9/11 obama september 1, 2008 maureen dowd mccain china pakistan india lehman Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/autos What should Don Draper drive? Also in Autos: From junkyard to first prize Guzzler quandary: sell low to buy high? Green Tech: batteries on the track Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080913064102,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
