{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The economic downturn is seeping into new parts of the country, to communities that seemed insulated only months ago.Economic conditions may delay the signature office tower and three residential buildings at the heart of the Atlantic Yards project in Brooklyn.The case of an immigration agent who is accused of demanding sex from a woman raises questions about the vulnerability of the system to corruption.Belmont came tantalizingly close to stunning second-seeded Duke.Many Army and Marine captains, considered to be the linchpins of the strategy in Iraq, are leaving the service for corporate America.The two employees improperly accessed information from the passport file of Senator Barack Obama, officials said.The ongoing bailout of the financial system underscores the extent to which financial barons socialize the costs of private bets gone bad. Post a CommentLive coverage from the media preview days.What do you think of personal-belief exemptions for vaccines for children?Resort guides to help you navigate the slopes and their ski towns.When heading to a vacation home, the big question may be whether to pack the family pet.Is the Chinese government orchestrating I.T. assaults on Web sites that advocate for Darfur?nytimes.com/realestateAlso in Real Estate:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"What you get for ... $12.5 million","h3":"Slump Moves From Wall St. to Main St.",".snippet":"","h4":"Opinion »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Escapes »Opinion  »Inside NYTimes.comHome \u0026 Garden »Sports »Arts »Opinion »World »Opinion »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Slow Economy Likely to Stall Atlantic YardsAn Agent, a Green Card, and a Demand for SexDuke Escapes, but Is Exposed by BelmontCaptains Have Many Missions to OverseeState Dept. Fires 2 for Obama Passport BreachEditorial: Socialized CompensationN.Y. Auto ShowPublic Health Risk Seen as Parents Reject VaccinesFrance Wrestles With EuthanasiaTibetan Officials Raise Death Toll to 99Sara Jane Olson, Former SLA Member, Released From PrisonUS Sailor Sought in Japan KillingSki GuidesTraveling With CharleyOn the Ground: China and DarfurLight and Space Where Fire Alarms Once RangSwimmer Adjusts After Surgery and New CoachOutrage at Cartoons Still Tests the DanesOp-Art: A Visual Ode to SpringIn Tibetan Areas, Parallel Worlds Now CollideAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR APR 21 2007 2008 2009 39,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpFEB MAR APR 21 2007 2008 2009FEB MAR APR212007 2008 200939,626 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 NYT Blogs Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine NEW Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events The blog that covers all things OscarSlump Moves From Wall St. to Main St. By PETER S. GOODMAN The economic downturn is seeping into new parts of the country, to communities that seemed insulated only months ago. Oil and Gold Prices Continue to Slide Slow Economy Likely to Stall Atlantic Yards By CHARLES V. BAGLI Economic conditions may delay the signature office tower and three residential buildings at the heart of the Atlantic Yards project in Brooklyn. What Will Be Left of Gehry’s Vision for Brooklyn? An Agent, a Green Card, and a Demand for Sex By NINA BERNSTEIN The case of an immigration agent who is accused of demanding sex from a woman raises questions about the vulnerability of the system to corruption. N.C.A.A. Tournament Duke Escapes, but Is Exposed by Belmont Belmont came tantalizingly close to stunning second-seeded Duke. The Quad | The Bracket Videos: Danger at the Top | Few Surprises Photographs Complete Coverage » Michael Kamber for The New York Times Captains Have Many Missions to Oversee By MICHAEL KAMBER Many Army and Marine captains, considered to be the linchpins of the strategy in Iraq, are leaving the service for corporate America. Captain as Maestro, Conducting Amid Crises Photographer\u0027s Journal: The War in Iraq   The Caucus State Dept. Fires 2 for Obama Passport Breach By HELENE COOPER The two employees improperly accessed information from the passport file of Senator Barack Obama, officials said. More Politics » More News U.S. Defends Tough Tactics With Spitzer Three New York Moguls in Talks to Buy Newsday Vatican Security Worries Over Bin Laden Tape China Tensions Could Sway Vote in Taiwan Opinion » Editorial: Socialized Compensation The ongoing bailout of the financial system underscores the extent to which financial barons socialize the costs of private bets gone bad. Post a Comment More in Opinion Krugman: Like It’s 1929 Brooks: Modern Do-Gooders Op-Ed: End of the Affair Opinionator: More Ferraro ON THE BLOGS The Lede: Keys to a Long Life in 3 Odd Headlines City Room: Diplomats Should Pay, Lawmakers Say   Autos N.Y. Auto Show Live coverage from the media preview days. Slide Show | Video Wheels Blog Readers\u0027 Comments Public Health Risk Seen as Parents Reject Vaccines What do you think of personal-belief exemptions for vaccines for children? Post a Comment Related Article News from AP \u0026 Reuters » France Wrestles With Euthanasia 10 minutes ago Tibetan Officials Raise Death Toll to 99 11 minutes ago Sara Jane Olson, Former SLA Member, Released From Prison 12 minutes ago US Sailor Sought in Japan Killing 14 minutes ago Return to normal layout Escapes » Ski Guides Resort guides to help you navigate the slopes and their ski towns. Traveling With Charley When heading to a vacation home, the big question may be whether to pack the family pet. Opinion  » On the Ground: China and Darfur Is the Chinese government orchestrating I.T. assaults on Web sites that advocate for Darfur? My Portfolio » Stock Quotes: Tools: Alerts | Stocks | SectorsHome \u0026 Garden » Sports » Arts » Opinion » World » Opinion »Light and Space Where Fire Alarms Once Rang Swimmer Adjusts After Surgery and New Coach Outrage at Cartoons Still Tests the Danes Op-Art: A Visual Ode to Spring In Tibetan Areas, Parallel Worlds Now CollideSpecial Offer! Get 4 Free Trial Issues of The Economist. CHEVY Join the fuel technology dialogue. Open a No Fee IRA by April 15th. Find movie showtimes in your area. Photos, fine art, books and more. The only address to know. All the news that\u0027s fit to innovate. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Search for listings on your mobile phone World » China Tensions Could Sway Vote in Taiwan Vatican Security Worries Over bin Laden Tape For Some Young Tibetan Exiles, Dalai Lama’s ‘Middle Way’ Is a Road to Failure U.S. » Public Health Risk Seen as Parents Reject Vaccines Washington’s Grand Experiment to Rehouse the Poor New Analysis Suggests Earlier Start for Upright Walking Politics » Political Memo: Clinton Treats Obama Pastor With Extreme Caution Michigan Lawmakers Won’t Back a New Primary McCain Turns His Attention to Raising Cash for Race N.Y. / Region » U.S. Defends Tough Tactics With Spitzer Collection Agencies Add Scarce Jobs in Hard-Hit Region Inspector Is Charged With Filing False Report Before Crane Collapsed Science » Tests in Space on Repairing Shuttle Tiles A Burst of Light From Halfway to the Beginning of the Universe New Analysis Suggests Earlier Start for Upright Walking Health » Public Health Risk Seen as Parents Reject Vaccines Faster, Higher, Stronger: A Swimmer’s Different Strokes for Success Heparin Find May Point to Chinese Counterfeiting Education » At Harvard, Students’ Muslim Traditions Are a Topic of Debate States’ Data Obscure How Few Finish High School Idaho Turns to Chess as Education Strategy Real Estate » Islands of Calm Havens | Plymouth, Vt.: Tranquillity Between Killington and Okemo Your Second Home | Taking Pets Along: Traveling With Charley Business » Oil and Gold Prices Continue to Slide High-Profile Trial Lawyer Agrees to Guilty Plea Three New York Moguls in Talks to Buy Newsday Technology » Storming the Campuses Opposition Leads Bain to Call Off 3Com Deal Palm’s Revenue Declines 24% Sports » Duke 71, Belmont 70: Duke Escapes, but Is Exposed by Belmont Midwest Region: Kansas State Has the Better Supporting Cast West Region: Georgia’s Fortunes Run Out Against Xavier Travel » 36 Hours in New Delhi Islands of Calm American Journeys: Monet Meets the Colt .45 in Hartford Dining \u0026 Wine » The Fat Pack Wonders if the Party’s Over Critic’s Notebook: Two Survive. Now, to Choose Easter Is for Baking, Too Home \u0026 Garden » Setting the Stage, Offstage Light and Space Where Fire Alarms Once Rang A Global Sweep on a Tiny Budget Fashion \u0026 Style » The Professor as Open Book Just a Hotel? For Some, It’s an Adventure Faster, Higher, Stronger: A Swimmer’s Different Strokes for Success Automobiles » What Young Designers Dream Of Ford Displays a Wreck to Score Safety Points New York Auto Show: It’s Car Time in New York Opinion » Editorial: Socialized Compensation Op-Ed Contributor: After the End of the Affair Letters: As We Enter Year 6 of the War in Iraq Arts » My Manhattan: Broadway for Big Kids, Beyond Spoonfuls of Sugar Art Review | Asia Week: Monkey Gods to Textiles: Far East on the East Side Architecture: What Will Be Left of Gehry’s Vision for Brooklyn? Movies » Movie Review: Sex, Blood and Exotica in an Anti-Thriller Thriller Movie Review | \u0027Drillbit Taylor\u0027: Protector With Big Shtick for 3 High School Nerds Movie Review | \u0027Irina Palm\u0027: Escaping a Meek Old Age With an Erotic New Job Theater » My Manhattan: Broadway for Big Kids, Beyond Spoonfuls of Sugar Theater Review | \u0027Boom\u0027: Meeting Cute on the Eve of Destruction Theater Review | \u0027Ladies \u0026 Gents\u0027: Stalls for Scandal, Men’s and Women’s, No Waiting Books » \u0027The Great Warming,\u0027 by Brian Fagan: Climate Change? Been There, Done That \u0027Gaming the Vote,\u0027 by William Poundstone: Just Tell Us Whom You Want to Win An Appraisal: For Clarke, Issues of Faith, but Tackled Scientifically Week in Review » War Torn: Five Years The Nation: Postfeminism and Other Fairy Tales The Nation: In the Clinton-Obama Race, It’s the Pollster vs. the Ad Man Magazine » Supreme Court Inc. When Girls Will Be Boys Why Shariah? T Magazine » For the Moment | Veronica Webb Episode 4 | T\u0027s Celebrity Improv Film Series Perfume Review | Christian Lacroix MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Roger Cohen: Beyond America’s Original Sin Transcript: Barack Obama’s Speech on Race Nicholas D. Kristof: Obama and Race The Professor as Open Book Faster, Higher, Stronger: A Swimmer’s Different Strokes for Success States’ Data Obscure How Few Finish High School Economic Scene: Can’t Grasp Credit Crisis? Join the Club Many Nights at the Opera Involve Emergency Room Idaho Turns to Chess as Education Strategy Political Memo: Clinton Facing Narrower Path to Nomination Go to Complete List » Remarks of Senator Barack Obama Clinton Facing Narrower Path to Nomination Even Experts Can\u0027t Grasp This Crisis Mr. Obama\u0027s Profile in Courage Arthur C. Clarke, Premier Science Fiction Writer, Dies at 90 Poll Shows Most Palestinians Favor Violence Over Talks A Push to Limit the Tracking of Web Surfers\u0027 Clicks Estimates of Iraq War Cost Were Not Close to Ballpark States\u0027 Data Obscure How Few Finish High School Choose, or Lose in November Go to Complete List » obama bush tibet spitzer china bear stearns iraq crane immigration megan kelly Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/realestate What you get for ... $12.5 million Also in Real Estate: Homes for $12.5 million or less in New Jersey Homes for $12.5 million or less in Westchester Homes for $12.5 million or less in Manhattan Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.25 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080321061750,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
