{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Top officials at the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve began discussing with Congressional leaders a plan to buy up large numbers of distressed mortgages held by ailing financial institutions.A backlash against short sellers has begun, with regulators in the U.S. and Britain tightening rules and authorities in New York intensifying investigations.A panel of experts answers questions about the Wall Street upheaval.At issue is whether plaintiffs have the right to sue when the products that hurt them had met federal standards.Exuberance and a playful approach to knowledge can be found at the renovated Brooklyn Children’s Museum.More than a quarter of the population may face a harsh winter as a result of a pitiable harvest this year.Women in Saudi Arabia feel a special connection to the American media mogul, who speaks about topics like race and sex, issues rarely discussed publicly there.Senator John McCain’s once easygoing if irreverent campaign presence — endearing to crowds, though often resulting in gaffes — has been put out to pasture.Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that while he opposed the state of Israel, his hostility did not extend to its people.Another wild day for the world’s financial markets.Amy Harmon, who covers the impact of science and technology on American life, is answering questions.This town has become a retreat for people who build opulent waterfront homes.Fairhope, Ala., has one foot dancing in the New Age, and one rooted in the Old South.My Portfolios »The “Upside-Down House”, designed in 1959 by James Morris and Robert Steedman, holds a prominent place in Edinburgh’s recent architectural history.The Chevrolet Volt, which G.M. unveiled on Tuesday, is intended to provide a jump-start for General Motors’ second century.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.With increases in fuel and other energy costs, more employers and individuals will undoubtedly be exploring their work-from-home options.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/tmagazineAlso in T Magazine:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Screen test: Javier Bardem","h3":"Fed and Treasury Offer to Work With Congress on Bailout Plan",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Escapes »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comHome \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Opinion »Books »In the Region »Sports »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"A Bid to Curb Profit Gambit as Banks FallFinancial TurmoilSupreme Court Poised to Enter Pre-Emption DebateKids, Can You Say ‘Cultural Diversity’?War and Drought Threaten Afghan Food SupplySaudi Women Find Unlikely Role Model: OprahA New McCain on the Campaign TrailIran’s President Denies Hostility to IsraelisPictures of the DayNational CorrespondentAsian stocks soar on possible US rescue packageHammon sparks Silver Stars to playoff - opening winCalif. regulators ban cell use by train operatorsFirst Clinton, now Palin out of NYC rallyA Golden Pond: Winnipesaukee’s New MansionsBuilding on a Foundation of Utopian PrinciplesA Scottish House, Traditional Yet ModernGeneral Motors at 100Drawing Your Own Map to Working From HomeChoosing to Ride Out the StormGoth: You Just Can’t Kill ItA Vision of Old Boston in All Its Angry PowerFor Hyperactive Children, a Special PlaceIn Name of Fashion, Embracing a TrendAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 19 2007 2008 2009 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 19 2007 2008 2009AUG SEP OCT192007 2008 200932,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Which movies do the Critics recommend? In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.Fed and Treasury Offer to Work With Congress on Bailout Plan By EDMUND L. ANDREWS Top officials at the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve began discussing with Congressional leaders a plan to buy up large numbers of distressed mortgages held by ailing financial institutions. Asia Stocks Rise on Hopes of U.S. Action Tighter Credit Transforming the Economy Dow Closes Up About 400 Points Post a Comment A Bid to Curb Profit Gambit as Banks Fall By VIKAS BAJAJ and JONATHAN D. GLATER A backlash against short sellers has begun, with regulators in the U.S. and Britain tightening rules and authorities in New York intensifying investigations. Q \u0026 A » Financial Turmoil A panel of experts answers questions about the Wall Street upheaval. Interactive: Sorting Out the Financial Crisis Supreme Court Poised to Enter Pre-Emption Debate By ADAM LIPTAK At issue is whether plaintiffs have the right to sue when the products that hurt them had met federal standards. Michelle V. Agns/The New York Times Kids, Can You Say ‘Cultural Diversity’? By EDWARD ROTHSTEIN Exuberance and a playful approach to knowledge can be found at the renovated Brooklyn Children’s Museum. War and Drought Threaten Afghan Food Supply By CARLOTTA GALL More than a quarter of the population may face a harsh winter as a result of a pitiable harvest this year. Slide Show: A Looming Food Crisis Times Topics: Afghanistan Dammam Journal Saudi Women Find Unlikely Role Model: Oprah By KATHERINE ZOEPF Women in Saudi Arabia feel a special connection to the American media mogul, who speaks about topics like race and sex, issues rarely discussed publicly there. A New McCain on the Campaign Trail By ADAM NAGOURNEY Senator John McCain’s once easygoing if irreverent campaign presence — endearing to crowds, though often resulting in gaffes — has been put out to pasture. The Caucus: McCain Reveals Dog Tags of Dead Soldier Graphic | Full Results (pdf) | Interactive: Polls Over Time Iran’s President Denies Hostility to Israelis By NAZILA FATHI Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that while he opposed the state of Israel, his hostility did not extend to its people. MORE NEWS Santana Leads Mets Past Nationals New Budget Agreement for California Joblessness Up in New York Agreement With Iraq Over Troops Is at Risk   Pictures of the Day Another wild day for the world’s financial markets. Talk to the Newsroom » National Correspondent Amy Harmon, who covers the impact of science and technology on American life, is answering questions. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Asian stocks soar on possible US rescue package 8 minutes ago Hammon sparks Silver Stars to playoff - opening win 10 minutes ago Calif. regulators ban cell use by train operators 12 minutes ago First Clinton, now Palin out of NYC rally 14 minutes ago Escapes » A Golden Pond: Winnipesaukee’s New Mansions This town has become a retreat for people who build opulent waterfront homes. Building on a Foundation of Utopian Principles Fairhope, Ala., has one foot dancing in the New Age, and one rooted in the Old South. Slide Show: Fairhope, Ala. Opinion » Brooks: After Lehman Comments Krugman: Crisis Endgame Comments Campaign Stops: Obama Editorial: Immigration Lie Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds A Scottish House, Traditional Yet Modern The “Upside-Down House”, designed in 1959 by James Morris and Robert Steedman, holds a prominent place in Edinburgh’s recent architectural history. Slide Show Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » General Motors at 100 The Chevrolet Volt, which G.M. unveiled on Tuesday, is intended to provide a jump-start for General Motors’ second century. Interactive Timeline: A Century of New Ideas COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Shifting Careers Drawing Your Own Map to Working From Home With increases in fuel and other energy costs, more employers and individuals will undoubtedly be exploring their work-from-home options. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Home \u0026 Garden » Fashion \u0026 Style » Opinion » Books » In the Region » Sports »Choosing to Ride Out the Storm Goth: You Just Can’t Kill It A Vision of Old Boston in All Its Angry Power For Hyperactive Children, a Special Place In Name of Fashion, Embracing a TrendSearch for listings on your mobile phone The retail industry has opportunities for you. Free Small Business advice. The only address to know. NYT Children\u0027s Book Festival Sunday, Oct 5 10 to 5, Free! Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Gates Urges Cautious NATO Stance on Russia After Georgia Conflict G.I. Is Held in Killings of Soldiers at Iraq Base China Says More Milk Products Show Signs of Being Tainted U.S. » The Lede: Minn. Bridge Reopens a Year After Collapse Simpson Defense Alleges Police Glee in His Arrest Report Says Charities Would Be Lacking in a Big Disaster Politics » For Rivals, Finance Crisis Is Posing on-the-Fly Tests McCain Seen as Less Likely to Bring Change, Poll Finds Biden’s Record on Race Is Scuffed by 3 Episodes N.Y. / Region » From a ‘Joke,’ a School Is Born in the Village Conservancy Buys Slice of Adirondacks At Fund-Raiser, No Financial Crisis Science » A Maybe Planet, Orbiting Its Maybe Sun Privately Owned Fisheries May Help Shore Up Stocks Observatory: Permafrost May Not Thaw Even During Global Warming Health » Doctor and Patient: The Tyranny of Diagnosis Skin Deep: Ancient, but How Safe? Recipes for Health: Kids’ Edition: A Dozen Ways for Kids to Eat Better Education » Pell Grants Said to Face a Shortfall of $6 Billion More New York Schools Get A’s Klein Extends Report Card Use to News Conference Organizers Real Estate » A Golden Pond: Winnipesaukee’s New Mansions Havens | Fairhope, Ala.: Building on a Foundation of Utopian Principles Your Second Home | Small Businesses: The Working Getaway Business » Tighter Credit Transforming the Economy Investors, Hungry for Hope, Send Dow Up 410 Professional Money Fund Is Closed by Putnam Technology » Google Co-Founder Has Genetic Code Linked to Parkinson’s Bits: Nvidia Cuts 6.5 Percent of Its Workforce Bits: How Many Web Services Can One Person Use? Sports » Mets 7, Nationals 2: A Dominating Victory Gives the Mets Perspective Yankees 9, White Sox 2: Mussina and Abreu Make Cases for Sticking Around No Playoffs Was No Big Deal in 1993 Obituaries » Norman Whitfield Is Dead at 68 P. E. Clapp, Environmental Advocate, Is Dead at 54 Georgi Kitov, Who Excavated Thrace, Dies at 65 Travel » Weekend in New York | Eastern Outposts: Experiencing an Asia Beyond China and India Surfacing | Panama City: A Cultural Cornerstone Green Traveler | Glamping: Camping? Yes. Roughing It? Not Quite. Dining \u0026 Wine » Superfood or Monster From the Deep? Instead of Eating to Diet, They’re Eating to Enjoy A Political Punch Line Is Dinner in Alaska Home \u0026 Garden » Shopping With Design Bloggers: Fall Picks From Those Who’ve Seen It All In the Garden: The Grass Is Green on Both Sides Domestic Lives: Choosing to Ride Out the Storm Fashion \u0026 Style » You Just Can’t Kill It Skin Deep: Ancient, but How Safe? Life’s Work: When Children Leave Automobiles » G.M. at 100: Is Its Future Electric? At Connecticut Concours, Rarities on Display Around the Block | Chevrolet Malibu LTZ: Add Gears, Subtract Cylinders Opinion » Editorial: A Regional Crisis Letters: Leader Wanted: Experience Required? Op-Ed Columnist: The McCain of the Week Arts » Books of The Times: A Vision of Old Boston in All Its Angry Power Know Dad’s Turf Builder, You’ll Win $250,000 Music: Take It Off, Brünnhilde: On Opera and Nudity Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Pierre Rissient: Man of Cinema\u0027: A Fan and Advocate of Films Becomes the Subject of One Movie Review | \u0027Virtual J F K.: Vietnam If Kennedy Had Lived\u0027: How One President Might Have Altered a War Arts, Briefly: A Chance to Win a Seat at the Oscars Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Forbidden Broadway Goes to Rehab\u0027: Giving Their Regards by Skewering the Shows Broadway Guys and Gals, Hanging Out in an Alley Theater Review | \u0027Southern Promises\u0027: Lives of Bondage Ruled by Whims and Whips Books » Books of The Times: A Vision of Old Boston in All Its Angry Power Newly Released Books of The Times: A Dead Man Tells of His Too Short Life Week in Review » Continental Divide: A Western State of Mind Critic’s Notebook: Reflections: New Orleans and China The Nation: A Financial Drama With No Final Act in Sight Magazine » The Bipolar Puzzle Wind-Power Politics Really, Really, Big in Britain T Magazine » Design: Shopping in Venice Perfume Review: Flower by Kenzo Cheap Find: $35 Boots MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Your Money: Money Market Funds Enter a World of Risk Timothy Egan: Moo Roger Cohen: The King Is Dead 6 Food Mistakes Parents Make Gail Collins: The McCain of the Week Nicholas D. Kristof: Need a Job? $17,000 an Hour. No Success Required. Freakonomics: Diamond and Kashyap on the Recent Financial Upheavals Maureen Dowd: ‘Barbies for War!’ American Exception: U.S. Court Is Now Guiding Fewer Nations You Just Can’t Kill It Go to Complete List » Fed to Give A.I.G. $85 Billion Loan and Take 80% Stake Why Experience Matters Echoing the Campaign of a Rival, Microsoft Aims to Redefine \u0027I\u0027m a PC\u0027 Poll Finds McCain, in Tight Race, Is Still Tied to Bush McCain\u0027s Radical Agenda International Influence of Supreme Court Waning Beyond Defensive Maneuvers Asian Stocks Surge at Opening but Rally Slows \u0027Barbies for War!\u0027 Abortion Issue Again Dividing Catholic Votes Go to Complete List » palin september 1, 2008 aig obama lehman mccain david foster wallace maureen dowd china hurricane ike Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/tmagazine Screen test: Javier Bardem Also in T Magazine: Photos of the moment Model-morphosis $6 billion jewelry or science\u0027s next leap forward? Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2008,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":19,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":38,"second":21},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
