{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Senator Barack Obama told tens of thousands of Democrats gathered at Invesco Field that he could repair “broken politics.”Barack Obama confronted two challenges in his speech: to connect his promise of “change” to specific proposals and to show he could take the fight to his opponent.While Barack Obama took the stage, the scene in the stands provided just as much of a spectacle.Russia’s prime minister said he thought the U.S. might have helped “stir up” the conflict to benefit one of the presidential candidates.President Evo Morales, a former grower of coca, is both an antagonist and an active partner in American anti-drug policy.A school board in north-central Texas has drawn attention by letting some teachers carry concealed weapons.With a mix of nonchalance and unease, New Orleans waited for Tropical Storm Gustav to hit the Gulf Coast.Increasingly, the answer to high gas prices and costly air travel is “staycation,” taking time off but staying home.Georgians buried unidentified soldiers near the capital and floods ravaged northern India.Connor Ennis, a Times sports editor, is taking questions from readers.The thriller “Traitor” manages an impressive feat of economy.“Sukiyaki Western Django” is a lurid pastiche of spaghetti westerns.A headwaiter’s survival instinct falters in “I Served the King of England.”My Portfolios »A Colonial-style house with a tennis court and a pool is on the market for $2.5 million.The engineer behind the McLaren F1 — widely regarded as the world’s greatest supercar — is at work on a new city car called the Type 25. Mr. Murray will respond to reader questions this week.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Managers can become so consumed by the prospect of firing people that they fail to adequately reassure and remotivate the employees who remain.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/theaterAlso in Theater:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Obama Takes Aim at Bush and McCain With a Forceful Call to Change AmericaA new play and much else to worry about","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"He Declares, ‘We Are a Better Country Than This’News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comFashion \u0026 Style »Home \u0026 Garden »N.Y. / Region »Opinion »World »Opinion »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Bringing Lofty Words Down to EarthPolitics, Spectacle and History Under Open SkyPutin Suggests U.S. Provocation in Georgia ClashBolivian Is an Uneasy Ally as U.S. Presses Drug WarIn Texas School, Teachers Carry Books and Guns3 Years After Katrina, a Storm ApproachesWhat I Did on My Summer StaycationPictures of the DayCollege Football CoverageDrunken - driving deaths fall in 32 statesThai Police Confront Protesters In PM\u0027s CompoundAthletics 3, Twins 2Angels rally for 7 - 5 win over RangersShades of GraySergio Leone Meets Reservoir DogHot Dogs, Haute CuisineFor Sale in ... Cuernavaca, MexicoAsk Gordon Murray, Engineer ExtraordinaireAfter a Downsizing, How to Motivate?At 5,280 Feet, the Party Atmosphere Is ThinA Superjumbo Jigsaw PuzzleLet’s Face It, This Isn’t a Job for SupernannyIsrael, After 43 Years, Is Ready for BeatlemaniaLetters: As Democrats Seek a Political OnenessAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 29 2007 2008 2009 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 29 2007 2008 2009JUL AUG SEP292007 2008 200939,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events All the news that\u0027s fit to personalize. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies.Obama Takes Aim at Bush and McCain With a Forceful Call to Change America Damon Winter/The New York Times He Declares, ‘We Are a Better Country Than This’ By ADAM NAGOURNEY and JEFF ZELENY 5 minutes ago Senator Barack Obama told tens of thousands of Democrats gathered at Invesco Field that he could repair “broken politics.” Text: Obama’s Speech Carpetbagger | Harwood Audio: Delegates\u0027 Voices The Caucus: Day Four News Analysis Bringing Lofty Words Down to Earth By PATRICK HEALY 29 minutes ago Barack Obama confronted two challenges in his speech: to connect his promise of “change” to specific proposals and to show he could take the fight to his opponent. Politics, Spectacle and History Under Open Sky By MARK LEIBOVICH 29 minutes ago While Barack Obama took the stage, the scene in the stands provided just as much of a spectacle. More Convention News The TV Watch: Intimacy of the Small Screen This Land: Seat at the Edge of History McCain Ad Is Valentine to Obama on Big Day Top Black Donors See Obama’s Rise as Their Own To Business, Conventions Mean Opportunity Putin Suggests U.S. Provocation in Georgia Clash By CLIFFORD J. LEVY Russia’s prime minister said he thought the U.S. might have helped “stir up” the conflict to benefit one of the presidential candidates. Security Group Refuses to Back Russia’s Actions Bolivian Is an Uneasy Ally as U.S. Presses Drug War By SIMON ROMERO President Evo Morales, a former grower of coca, is both an antagonist and an active partner in American anti-drug policy. Slide Show: An Uneasy Cooperation In Texas School, Teachers Carry Books and Guns By JAMES C. MCKINLEY JR A school board in north-central Texas has drawn attention by letting some teachers carry concealed weapons. New Orleans Journal 3 Years After Katrina, a Storm Approaches By ADAM NOSSITER With a mix of nonchalance and unease, New Orleans waited for Tropical Storm Gustav to hit the Gulf Coast. What I Did on My Summer Staycation By MICHAEL WILSON Increasingly, the answer to high gas prices and costly air travel is “staycation,” taking time off but staying home. MORE NEWS Worker Assets Shrink at Fannie and Freddie Dell’s Profit Drop Surprises Investors This Qualifies as Big: Top-Seeded Ivanovic Falls A Georgia School System Loses Its Accreditation Change Arrives on Tiptoes at the Frick Mansion   Pictures of the Day Georgians buried unidentified soldiers near the capital and floods ravaged northern India. Talk to the Newsroom » College Football Coverage Connor Ennis, a Times sports editor, is taking questions from readers. E-Mail a Question News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Drunken - driving deaths fall in 32 states 14 minutes ago Thai Police Confront Protesters In PM\u0027s Compound 15 minutes ago Athletics 3, Twins 2 17 minutes ago Angels rally for 7 - 5 win over Rangers 18 minutes ago Movies » Shades of Gray The thriller “Traitor” manages an impressive feat of economy. Sergio Leone Meets Reservoir Dog “Sukiyaki Western Django” is a lurid pastiche of spaghetti westerns. Hot Dogs, Haute Cuisine A headwaiter’s survival instinct falters in “I Served the King of England.” Opinion » Krugman: No Pain Comments Brooks: New Generation Comments The Board: ‘Dream’ Speech Editorial: Obama’s Party Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds International Real Estate For Sale in ... Cuernavaca, Mexico A Colonial-style house with a tennis court and a pool is on the market for $2.5 million. Slide Show Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Mortgage News and Rates Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » Wheels Ask Gordon Murray, Engineer Extraordinaire The engineer behind the McLaren F1 — widely regarded as the world’s greatest supercar — is at work on a new city car called the Type 25. Mr. Murray will respond to reader questions this week. Submit a Question COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Under New Management After a Downsizing, How to Motivate? Managers can become so consumed by the prospect of firing people that they fail to adequately reassure and remotivate the employees who remain. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Fashion \u0026 Style » Home \u0026 Garden » N.Y. / Region » Opinion » World » Opinion »At 5,280 Feet, the Party Atmosphere Is Thin A Superjumbo Jigsaw Puzzle Let’s Face It, This Isn’t a Job for Supernanny Israel, After 43 Years, Is Ready for Beatlemania Letters: As Democrats Seek a Political OnenessSearch for listings on your mobile phone Which movies do the Critics recommend? The only address to know. All the news that\u0027s fit to experience. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Photos, fine art, books and more. World » An Embattled Enclave Yearns to Be Free (and Liechtenstein) Car Bombing of Police Bus Kills 8 in Pakistan China Defends Its Reviled Soccer Team U.S. » California Moves on Bill to Curb Sprawl and Emissions New Orleans Journal: No, We’re Not Nervous. Are We? New Orleans Braces for Tropical Storm Politics » The TV Watch: On the Small Screen, Intimacy and Welcome Silence for Obama’s Big Rally McCain Ad Is Valentine to Obama on Big Day This Land: From the Theater’s Balcony to a Seat at the Edge of History N.Y. / Region » Top Bloomberg Deputies Are Said to Oppose Any Plan to Seek a Third Term Republican Ex-Friends Do Battle in S.I. Congressional Contest For Lehman, More Cuts and Anxiety Science » California Moves on Bill to Curb Sprawl and Emissions Researchers Report Advances in Cell Conversion Technique Purdue, Citing Research Misconduct, Punishes Scientist Health » H.I.V. Is Spreading in New York City at Three Times the National Rate, a Study Finds Researchers Report Advances in Cell Conversion Technique Diabetes Drug Tied to New Deaths Education » Purdue, Citing Research Misconduct, Punishes Scientist Class of 2008 Matches ’07 on the SAT A Plan to Test the City’s Youngest Pupils Real Estate » Powering Up Away: A Floating Investment Havens | West Wildwood, N.J.: A ‘Gated’ Community Surrounded by Water Business » AT\u0026T’s Rivals Are Happy to Attack Over iPhone’s Network Woes Economic Growth Revised Higher For Lehman, More Cuts and Anxiety Technology » AT\u0026T’s Rivals Are Happy to Attack Over iPhone’s Network Woes Bits: Does Silicon Valley Face an Innovation Crisis? Advertising: Cable, Quietly, Introduces an Anytime Elections Channel Sports » U.S. Open ’08: Triathlete? Ball Girl? Amputee? All of the Above. Nadal Overwhelms American Qualifier at U.S. Open Yankees 3, Red Sox 2: In the Ninth, Giambi Keeps the Yankees Breathing Obituaries » Abie Nathan, Israeli Peace Champion, Dies at 81 Phil Hill, a Racing Legend at Odds With the Sport at Times, Is Dead at 81 Del Martin, Lesbian Activist, Dies at 87 Travel » 36 Hours in Biarritz Weekend in New York | Brazilian Music: So, You Were Maybe Expecting Carmen Miranda? The Unwashed and the Upper Crust in Connecticut Dining \u0026 Wine » Practically Speaking: For American Restaurateurs, It’s Hard to Get a Break City’s Water Is Ranked Best in a Taste Test The Anti-Restaurants Home \u0026 Garden » On Location: Clubhouse Living Boom Times for Job Site Thieves Design Notebook: A Superjumbo Jigsaw Puzzle Fashion \u0026 Style » Social Q’s: Club Fed Up Michael Kors (but You Knew That) Look Closely, Doctor: See the Camera? Automobiles » Chrysler Explores Sale of Dodge Viper Unit Currents: Events: Mini Creates Rooftop Event Space in Manhattan to Promote Its Cars Well: Teen Drivers Buckle, but Passengers Don’t Opinion » Editorial: Mr. Obama’s Party Letters: History in Denver, on Obama’s Stage Op-Ed Columnist: Feeling No Pain Arts » Preview Primer: Try Out the Tryouts So You Think You Can’t Salsa? Art Review | \u0027Early Buddhist Manuscript Painting\u0027: Palm-Leaf Offerings From Ancient India Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Sukiyaki Western Django\u0027: Sergio Leone Meets Reservoir Dog in Japanese Pastiche Movie Review | \u0027I Served the King of England\u0027: Hot Dogs to Haute Cuisine, Then Back Down Again Movie Review | \u0027Traitor\u0027: In a World of Extremists, Shades of Gray Add Ambiguity Theater » Preview Primer: Try Out the Tryouts Theater Listings Theater Review | \u0027The New Electric Ballroom\u0027: Here the Gift of Speech Becomes a Bitter Curse Books » Books of The Times: First Lady, Second Version Cape Cod Murder Case Adds Another Chapter Books of The Times: An Orphan Becomes a Novice Grave Robber and Unearths Some Surprises Week in Review » The Nation: The American Wanderer, in All His Stripes The World: A Marathon Long Before China Began a Mad Dash Ideas \u0026 Trends: Becoming the Big New Idea: First, Look the Part Magazine » How Obama Reconciles Dueling Views on Economy John McEnroe Is Still Pretty Complicated My Long War T Magazine » Hillary Clinton\u0027s Pantsuit of Many Colors Coming Soon: John Derian for Target Guest Blogger: A Guide to Luxury Shopping MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Op-Ed Contributor: Johnson’s Dream, Obama’s Speech State of the Art: New Nikon Holds a Secret Let’s Face It, This Isn’t a Job for Supernanny Architecture Review | Yale School of Art and Architecture: Yale Revelation: Renewal for a Building and Its Original Designer Newcomers Adjust, Eventually, to New York The Energy Challenge: Wind Energy Bumps Into Power Grid’s Limits Friend or Foe? Crows Never Forget a Face, It Seems Michael Kors (but You Knew That) Jerusalem Journal: Israel, After 43 Years, Is Ready for Beatlemania The Anti-Restaurants Go to Complete List » Hillary Rodham Clinton\u0027s Democratic Convention Speech Obama to Be Nominated as Another Clinton Speaks High Anxiety in the Mile High City McCain Has Made His Pick and Is Set to Tell on Friday Ted Stevens Wins Primary in Alaska Clinton Delivers Emphatic Plea for Unity Excerpts From Senator Obama\u0027s Acceptance Speech A Consistent Yet Elusive Nominee A Biblical Seven Years The Myth of Biden v. Bork Go to Complete List » obama bill clinton speech cancer august 3, 2008 china maureen dowd olympics biden mccain bush Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/theater A new play and much else to worry about Also in Theater: Love and starshine Antsy adolescents romp at Edinburgh festivals A guide to understanding \"[title of show]\" Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080829052423,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
