{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"In a moment of historic drama in the Capitol and on Wall Street, the House of Representatives voted 228-205 to reject a $700 billion rescue of the financial industry.Without the bailout plan they lobbied for, the Treasury and the Federal Reserve will have to dig deep into their toolkits.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at a press conference on Capitol Hill on Monday.As the world looked to the United States to contain the economic crisis, American political leadership faltered.Addressing the issues on the minds of investors on Main Street who are distressed by the fallout on Wall Street.Gov. Sarah Palin is heading into a critical debate facing challenges about her credentials and signs that her popularity is slipping.Since Tim Russert’s death, Tom Brokaw has lent stability to a show that remains the most watched of the network Sunday public-affairs programs.A federal prosecutor will determine whether charges should be brought in the firings of U.S. attorneys in 2006.Spurning the secular state schools, some Muslim students have found religious accommodation at private ones.At least 80 people were killed and more than 150 injured in a stampede at a Hindu temple in India, police said.How do you go about finding a doctor whom you can trust?The editor of the Weekend arts section is answering questions this week.Are patients swimming in a sea of health information? Or are they drowning in it?What medical evidence should you believe, and why?Health defies all the best intentions and predictions.My Portfolios »Residents describe Stratford as the same comfortable, unpretentious bedroom community it has been for more than a century.With its toned-down design, Subaru’s Tribeca crossover has a softened look but still offers comfortable hauling capability.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.A new book argues that growing interest in diversity and social responsibility is changing the way companies need to reach consumers.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/businessAlso in Business:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Trying to Avoid Economic Calamity, Lawmakers Grope for ResolutionWall Street, R.I.P.","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"House Rejects Bailout Package; Stocks PlungeNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »Science Times »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comN.Y. / Region »Sports »Music »Opinion »Health »Opinion »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Reaching for the Right Levers in an Anxious SituationIn Bailout Vote, a Leadership Breakdown‘Is My Money Safe?’ and Other Questions to AskConcerns About Palin’s Readiness as a Big Test NearsWith Brokaw as Elder Statesman, NBC Plans Future of ‘Meet the Press’Prosecutor Is Named in Dismissal of AttorneysFrench Muslims Find Haven in Catholic SchoolsDozens Killed in Indian Temple StampedeSearching for a DoctorJan BenzelMexican police find 12 bodies next to schoolPublicist says Janet Jackson is hospitalizedReed\u0027s FG gives Steelers 23 - 20 OT win over RavensEx - teacher in Neb. gets 6 years in sex caseYou’re Sick. Now What?A Primer on StudiesHealthy, Until You’re NotBeachy, With a Link to Olde EnglandRecovering From SurgeryA New Generation, Poised to ReinventShea Scavengers Hunt Soggy Discarded RelicsFor Rock-Climbing Guru, the Sky Is His RoofHitting the Radar: A Festival Soars in TexasLogging On for a Second (or Third) OpinionOp-Ed: The Swill Is GoneAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 30 2007 2008 2009 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 30 2007 2008 2009AUG SEP OCT302007 2008 200932,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Machine Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.Trying to Avoid Economic Calamity, Lawmakers Grope for Resolution House Rejects Bailout Package; Stocks Plunge By CARL HULSE and DAVID M. HERSZENHORN In a moment of historic drama in the Capitol and on Wall Street, the House of Representatives voted 228-205 to reject a $700 billion rescue of the financial industry. Asian Markets Drop Sharply at Open 12:42 AM ET With Deal’s Collapse, the McCain Camp Attacks Timeline | Analysis Reaching for the Right Levers in an Anxious Situation By EDMUND L. ANDREWS and MARK LANDLER Without the bailout plan they lobbied for, the Treasury and the Federal Reserve will have to dig deep into their toolkits. Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at a press conference on Capitol Hill on Monday. News Analysis In Bailout Vote, a Leadership Breakdown By JACKIE CALMES As the world looked to the United States to contain the economic crisis, American political leadership faltered. Graphic: The No Votes | Transcript: Speaker Pelosi’s Speech Debating the Bailout | Times Topics: Credit Crisis | Bailout Plan Your Money ‘Is My Money Safe?’ and Other Questions to Ask By RON LIEBER Addressing the issues on the minds of investors on Main Street who are distressed by the fallout on Wall Street. Send a Question to Personal Finance Reporter Tara Siegel Bernard Concerns About Palin’s Readiness as a Big Test Nears By ADAM NAGOURNEY Gov. Sarah Palin is heading into a critical debate facing challenges about her credentials and signs that her popularity is slipping. The Caucus: McCain and Palin’s Interview With Katie Couric With Brokaw as Elder Statesman, NBC Plans Future of ‘Meet the Press’ By JACQUES STEINBERG Since Tim Russert’s death, Tom Brokaw has lent stability to a show that remains the most watched of the network Sunday public-affairs programs. Prosecutor Is Named in Dismissal of Attorneys By ERIC LICHTBLAU A federal prosecutor will determine whether charges should be brought in the firings of U.S. attorneys in 2006. Text of the Report (PDF via usdoj.gov) French Muslims Find Haven in Catholic Schools By KATRIN BENNHOLD Spurning the secular state schools, some Muslim students have found religious accommodation at private ones. Video: School for French Muslims Struggles Dozens Killed in Indian Temple Stampede By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1:30 AM ET At least 80 people were killed and more than 150 injured in a stampede at a Hindu temple in India, police said. MORE NEWS Pakistan Picks New Intelligence Chief 12 minutes ago Fixing Elevators: For the City, and on the Side Olmert Says Israel Should Pull Out of West Bank Pirated Arms Freighter Cornered by U.S. Navy Violations Reported at 94% of Nursing Homes ON THE BLOGS City Room: Atlantic Yards Faces Another Delay Bits: After a Drop, Long-Term Questions for Apple   Readers’ Comments Searching for a Doctor How do you go about finding a doctor whom you can trust? Post a Comment Related Article Talk to the Newsroom » Jan Benzel The editor of the Weekend arts section is answering questions this week. E-Mail a Question News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Mexican police find 12 bodies next to school 13 minutes ago Publicist says Janet Jackson is hospitalized 14 minutes ago Reed\u0027s FG gives Steelers 23 - 20 OT win over Ravens 18 minutes ago Ex - teacher in Neb. gets 6 years in sex case 18 minutes ago Science Times » You’re Sick. Now What? Are patients swimming in a sea of health information? Or are they drowning in it? Post a Comment at Well A Primer on Studies What medical evidence should you believe, and why? Healthy, Until You’re Not Health defies all the best intentions and predictions. Deciphering Results Special Section: Decoding Your Health » Opinion » Brooks: Nihilists’ Revolt Comments Herbert: Madmen Reign Comments Op-Ed: Letter to a Rookie Editorial: Bailout Rejection Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Living In | Stratford, Conn. Beachy, With a Link to Olde England Residents describe Stratford as the same comfortable, unpretentious bedroom community it has been for more than a century. Share Your Tips for Living in Stratford, Conn. Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » 2008 Subaru Tribeca Recovering From Surgery With its toned-down design, Subaru’s Tribeca crossover has a softened look but still offers comfortable hauling capability. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Shifting Careers A New Generation, Poised to Reinvent A new book argues that growing interest in diversity and social responsibility is changing the way companies need to reach consumers. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »N.Y. / Region » Sports » Music » Opinion » Health » Opinion »Shea Scavengers Hunt Soggy Discarded Relics For Rock-Climbing Guru, the Sky Is His Roof Hitting the Radar: A Festival Soars in Texas Logging On for a Second (or Third) Opinion Op-Ed: The Swill Is GoneSearch for listings on your mobile phone The retail industry has opportunities for you. Find movie showtimes in your area. The only address to know. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Perugia Journal: Details Only Add to Puzzle in Umbrian Murder Case China Detains 22 in Tainted-Milk Case 5 Soldiers Killed in Lebanon Bombing U.S. » For Stocks, Worst Single-Day Drop in Two Decades With Wachovia Sale, the Banking Crisis Trickles Up Frustration in the South as a Gasoline Shortage Drags On Politics » With Deal’s Collapse, the McCain Camp Attacks Check Point: Misleading Claims by McCain on Obama’s Tax Plans Courts Allow Early Voting Week in Ohio N.Y. / Region » Gay Families Find the Bronx Is a Place to Call Home Losing Money, New York Sun Is to Shut Down After 6 Years Renovation of Lundy’s Stirs Dispute in Brooklyn Science » Suit to Halt Big Collider in Europe Is Dismissed Shuttle Mission to Telescope Is Moved to ’09 Searching for Clarity: A Primer on Medical Studies Health » You’re Sick. Now What? Knowledge Is Power. You Can Find Dr. Right, With Some Effort Logging On for a Second (or Third) Opinion Education » N.Y.U. Names the Leader of Its Abu Dhabi Campus Study of Standardized Admissions Tests Is Big Draw at College Conference Marc Raeff, Russian History Scholar, Dies at 85 Real Estate » Getting Inventive to Seduce Buyers Living In | Stratford, Conn.: Beachy, With a Link to Olde England Streetscapes | Readers’ Questions: A Lord’s Garden, and Grand Plans at the Water’s Edge Business » With Wachovia Sale, the Banking Crisis Trickles Up For Stocks, Worst Single-Day Drop in Two Decades Countless Proposals With a Common Thread: Urgent Action Is Needed Technology » Logging On for a Second (or Third) Opinion Circuit City Revises Outlook and Posts Loss Chip Maker Rambus Wins Battles, but Faces Bigger War Sports » Pushing the Limit: For Rock-Climbing Guru, the Sky Is His Roof Two Jets Stars Make a Connection N.H.L.’s Diplomats Will Be Carrying Sticks Obituaries » Margot Gayle, Urban Preservationist and Crusader With Style, Dies at 100 Konstantin Pavlov, Bulgarian Poet, Is Dead at 75 Osborn Elliott, Father of Newsweek’s Rebirth, Dies at 83 Travel » Explorer: Israel From Cliff Top to Desert Bottom Fashionista Paris Choice Tables: Star Power? Here, the Food Gets Top Billing Dining \u0026 Wine » Recipes for Health: Say Goodbye to Tuna Casserole A Good Appetite: Turkish Dumplings, Deconstructed The Minimalist: Killing Hunger the Spanish Way Home \u0026 Garden » Away: Writing Her Way Home Raffles: Real Estate’s Latest Game of Chance At Home With: A Writer Alone at Last Fashion \u0026 Style » Fashion Review: Glitz and a Cloud of Dust Fashion Diary: Reasons to Ask Where’s the Fun? The Moment: A Celebration at Martin Margiela Automobiles » Wheelspin: When Life Hands You Lemons, Race Them Around the Block | 2008 Subaru Tribeca: Recovering From Surgery Traveling: R.V.’s Go to Iowa to Meet Their Maker Opinion » Editorial: What’s Worse Than a Flawed Bailout? Letters: The Debate: And the Winner Was ... Op-Ed Columnist: Revolt of the Nihilists Arts » Music: Hitting the Radar: A Festival Soars in Texas Wal-Mart Wins Deal on Album and Game Abroad: Life Learning With Whimsy, Please, We’re British Movies » Critic’s Choice: New DVDs: Early British Cinema Paramount Steps Up to Contest for Oscars An Appraisal: An Actor Whose Baby Blues Came in Shades of Gray Theater » Combining Words and Physicality to Explore Religion and Homosexuality Arts, Briefly: Footnotes The English Actress (Except in France) Books » Books of The Times: If Nick and Nora Lived in a Darker Landscape Arts, Briefly: Attack Won’t Stop Publication of Book Konstantin Pavlov, Bulgarian Poet, Is Dead at 75 Week in Review » I Do Solemnly . . .: Waiting to Lead (or Not) The World: Israel’s Demi-Greek Tragedy The World: The Long Road to Chaos in Pakistan Magazine » When Judges Make Foreign Policy The Trouble With Paul Feig This Old Recyclable House T Magazine » Suzy Menkes and Cathy Horyn: Milan Fashion Week Recap Model Transformation | Ali Stevens T Exclusive Interview: Alber Elbaz MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Paul Krugman: The 3 A.M. Call Frank Rich: McCain’s Suspension Bridge to Nowhere Bob Herbert: Palin’s Words Raise Red Flags Citigroup Buys Bank Operations of Wachovia House Rejects Bailout Package, 228-205; Stocks Plunge Going Down the Road: In a Town Apart, the Pride and Trials of Black Life Shortcuts: Job Hunting Is, and Isn’t, What It Used to Be Maureen Dowd: Sound, but No Fury Everybody’s Business: In Financial Food Chains, Little Guys Can’t Win Violations Reported at 94% of Nursing Homes Go to Complete List » Bailout Rejected Breakthrough Reached in Negotiations on Bailout How McCain Wins The 3 A.M. Call Asian Markets Retreat Despite Bailout Agreement Treasury Would Emerge With Vast New Power On Bailout, Candidates Were Surely Themselves Olmert Says Israel Should Pull Out of West Bank Citigroup Buys Banking Operations of Wachovia Union Leaders Confronted by Resistance to Obama Go to Complete List » palin september 2, 2008 paul newman debate aig obama mccain ben stein maureen dowd wachovia Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/business Wall Street, R.I.P. Also in Business: Does the financial crisis threaten your job? Inside the bailout bill Citigroup buys Wachovia\u0027s bank assets Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2008,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":33,"second":41},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
