{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"The Bush administration is considering the withdrawal of additional combat forces from Iraq beginning in September, and one factor is a need for more troops in Afghanistan, officials said.In an interview, Senator John McCain called for a government that is frugal but more active than many conservatives might prefer.The country’s new architecture exudes an aura that has as much to do with intellectual ferment as economic clout.Explore five notable new projects, with audio commentary.The sturdy bicycles known as Vélib’s that are subsidized by advertising have become hugely popular in Paris, and other major cities have begun exploring similar projects.Helped by their lobbying, the imperiled mortgage finance companies resisted stronger oversight as they expanded.Free after years in Iranian prisons, a well-known dissident provides a rare window on Iran under its ruling clerics.Congress has blocked a cut in payments to doctors but has not solved the problem that caused the cut, experts say.Murcer never became another Mickey Mantle, but he endeared himself to fans.The perils of investing on autopilot, prospectuses that contain errors, and more.Western Europe’s newest cultural capital enters the spotlight.Enjoy the Irish capital’s charm in its quaint streets, savory stouts and sprawling parks.Steve Jobs is facing new questions on backdated stock options. Could Apple survive without him?A one- bedroom furnished pied-à-terre in the Recoleta neighborhood is on the market for $170,000.Safe-driving programs offer instruction for young drivers well beyond what most parents are capable of providing.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.A good working relationship with one’s boss often takes work. It can be even harder if it is your friend who becomes your boss, and harder still if you coveted that position.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/jobsAlso in Jobs:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"The politics of air conditioning","h3":"U.S. Considers Increasing Pace of Iraq Pullout",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Travel »Opinion »Business »Inside NYTimes.comMovies »Opinion »The City »Opinion »Week in Review »Fashion \u0026 Style »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"McCain’s Conservative Model? Roosevelt (Theodore)In Changing Face of Beijing, a Look at the New ChinaA Reshaped BeijingNew Fashion in Paris: Cheap Bicycle RentalsProtected by Washington, Fannie and Freddie GrewDissident’s Tale of Epic Escape From Iran’s ViseLong-Term Fix Is Elusive in Medicare PaymentsBobby Murcer, 62, Dies; Yankee on Field and AirMutual Funds ReportThai PM Vows to Amend Charter to Boost StabilityU.S. Visit Feeds Pakistani Worry Over U.S. AttackU.S. Visit Feeds Pakistani Worry Over U.S. AttackYahoo Rejects Joint Microsoft, Icahn ProposalLisbon Comes Alive36 Hours in DublinDigital DomainFor Sale in . . . Buenos AiresTaking Teenagers Out for a (Supervised) SpinHow a Promotion Can Test a FriendshipStill Out There (in Movie Theaters)New York, the City That Never Sweeps‘Rent’ Nears End, but Bohemia Faded Years AgoFor 2,691 Decisions, a Courtside SeatWeddings and CelebrationsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 13 2007 2008 2009 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 13 2007 2008 2009JUN JUL AUG132007 2008 200939,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 NYT Blogs Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Olympics Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Explore Online Education From The Times. All the news that\u0027s fit to personalize. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.U.S. Considers Increasing Pace of Iraq Pullout By STEVEN LEE MYERS The Bush administration is considering the withdrawal of additional combat forces from Iraq beginning in September, and one factor is a need for more troops in Afghanistan, officials said. McCain’s Conservative Model? Roosevelt (Theodore) By ADAM NAGOURNEY and MICHAEL COOPER In an interview, Senator John McCain called for a government that is frugal but more active than many conservatives might prefer. Architecture In Changing Face of Beijing, a Look at the New China By NICOLAI OUROUSSOFF The country’s new architecture exudes an aura that has as much to do with intellectual ferment as economic clout. Interactive Graphic A Reshaped Beijing Explore five notable new projects, with audio commentary. Ed Alcock for The New York Times New Fashion in Paris: Cheap Bicycle Rentals By STEVEN ERLANGER The sturdy bicycles known as Vélib’s that are subsidized by advertising have become hugely popular in Paris, and other major cities have begun exploring similar projects. Protected by Washington, Fannie and Freddie Grew By JULIE CRESWELL Helped by their lobbying, the imperiled mortgage finance companies resisted stronger oversight as they expanded. Gretchen Morgenson: A Bill Coming Due, to Taxpayers Dissident’s Tale of Epic Escape From Iran’s Vise By SCOTT SHANE and MICHAEL R. GORDON Free after years in Iranian prisons, a well-known dissident provides a rare window on Iran under its ruling clerics. Video: From Iran to the U.S. Long-Term Fix Is Elusive in Medicare Payments By ROBERT PEAR Congress has blocked a cut in payments to doctors but has not solved the problem that caused the cut, experts say. MORE NEWS Bobby Murcer, 62, Yankee on Field and Air, Dies Tony Snow, Former Bush Spokesman, Dies at 53 Yahoo Again Spurns a Microsoft Offer 12:48 AM ET Obama Supporters on the Far Left Cry Foul LeMond Returns to Tour, and Sees Renewed Hope North Korea Rejects Talks Offer 12:48 AM ET ON THE BLOGS The Caucus: Obama Picks Iraq Traveling Partners   Readers’ Comments Bobby Murcer, 62, Dies; Yankee on Field and Air Murcer never became another Mickey Mantle, but he endeared himself to fans. Post a Comment Business » Mutual Funds Report The perils of investing on autopilot, prospectuses that contain errors, and more. News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Thai PM Vows to Amend Charter to Boost Stability 9 minutes ago U.S. Visit Feeds Pakistani Worry Over U.S. Attack 11 minutes ago U.S. Visit Feeds Pakistani Worry Over U.S. Attack 11 minutes ago Yahoo Rejects Joint Microsoft, Icahn Proposal 15 minutes ago Travel » Lisbon Comes Alive Western Europe’s newest cultural capital enters the spotlight. Slide Show 36 Hours in Dublin Enjoy the Irish capital’s charm in its quaint streets, savory stouts and sprawling parks. Slide Show Opinion » Rich: 2008’s Real-Life ‘24’ Comments Kristof: Schools vs. Missiles Dowd: Obama’s Family Editorial: Bush \u0026 Climate Business » Digital Domain Steve Jobs is facing new questions on backdated stock options. Could Apple survive without him? Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds International Real Estate For Sale in . . . Buenos Aires A one- bedroom furnished pied-à-terre in the Recoleta neighborhood is on the market for $170,000. Slide Show Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Mortgage News and Rates Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » Auto Ego Taking Teenagers Out for a (Supervised) Spin Safe-driving programs offer instruction for young drivers well beyond what most parents are capable of providing. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Career Couch How a Promotion Can Test a Friendship A good working relationship with one’s boss often takes work. It can be even harder if it is your friend who becomes your boss, and harder still if you coveted that position. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Movies » Opinion » The City » Opinion » Week in Review » Fashion \u0026 Style »Still Out There (in Movie Theaters) New York, the City That Never Sweeps ‘Rent’ Nears End, but Bohemia Faded Years Ago For 2,691 Decisions, a Courtside Seat Weddings and CelebrationsFree Small Business advice. Photos, fine art, books and more. Visit NYTimes.com Business Directory In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Search for listings on your mobile phone The only address to know. All the news that\u0027s fit to innovate. The most popular movies among readers. World » Deal on Verifying North Korean Disarmament A Boy Jockey’s Last Ride in Mongolia U.S. Soldiers Lose Haven in Canada U.S. » U.S. Soldiers Lose Haven in Canada Turning to T-Shirts to Spiff Up Downtrodden Cities Volcano Erupts on a Remote Island in Alaska Politics » Timing Crucial in Visitor Center Debut Campaigns to Disclose More on Bundlers Political Memo: Friendly Campaigning, Only Not So Much N.Y. / Region » Newcomers Have the Numbers to Upend City Politics Quinn Donors Giving Less Amid Inquiry Into Council Lawmakers Ask E.P.A. to Help with Creek Cleanup Science » Decisions Shut Door on Bush Clean-Air Steps Mars Bake Test Hastened After Oven Short Circuit Global Warming Talks Leave Few Concrete Goals Health » Michael DeBakey, Rebuilder of Hearts, Dies at 99 Reporter\u0027s File: Extinguishing the Fear at the Roots of Anxiety Psychiatric Group Faces Scrutiny Over Drug Industry Ties Education » Talk About Your Spring Awakening High Cost of Driving Ignites Online Classes Boom U.S. Tries to Help 3 Scholars Barred From Leaving Gaza Real Estate » Rich, but Rejected Streetscapes | 171 Macdougal Street: Uncovering the Past, a Church Shapes Its Future Habitats | Bethany, Conn.: Running a Home on Yankee Ingenuity Business » The Silence of the Lenders Warning: Habits May Be Good for You Suits: Living in Houses Fit for a Museum Technology » Digital Domain: So the iPhone Has Problems. What About the Stock Options? Slipstream: On a Small Screen, Just the Salient Stuff In House, Tweets Fly Over Web Plan Sports » Yankees 9, Blue Jays 4: Passing One Yankee, Honoring Another Mets 3, Rockies 0: Plenty of Fight Left in Martínez and Mets Two Texas All-Stars Check Their Extra Baggage Obituaries » Michael DeBakey, Rebuilder of Hearts, Dies at 99 Mike Souchak, 81,Touring Pro Who Held PGA Scoring Record, Is Dead Evelyn Keyes, 91, Whose Film Roles Included ‘Gone With the Wind,’ Is Dead Travel » Lisbon Comes Alive Explorer | The Other Peru: Out of the Desert and Into the Rain Forest Weekend in New York | On the Water: Where River Views Are From the River Dining \u0026 Wine » Perfection? Hint: It’s Warm and Has a Secret Cutting Out the Middlemen, Shoppers Buy Slices of Farms Restless Pioneers, Seeding Brooklyn Home \u0026 Garden » Design Notebook: The Future Knocks Again Rooms to Stop the Young From Straying When Perfect Is Not the Goal Fashion \u0026 Style » Hey, Big Spender, Flying My Way? Vows: Annette Berry and Dan Miller A Day and Night Out With | The Cast of ‘Mad Men’: It’s an Easy Sell Automobiles » Behind the Wheel | 2009 Subaru Forester: A Small Hauler Crosses the Line Taking Teenagers Out for a (Supervised) Spin Motoring: Demystifying the Dreaded End-of-Lease Inspection Opinion » Editorial: Posturing and Abdication Op-Ed Contributor: The City That Never Sweeps Letters: Where’s the Talk About Racial Justice? Arts » Music: Just the Way He Is Film: Still Out There (in Movie Theaters) Talk About Your Spring Awakening Movies » Film: Still Out There (in Movie Theaters) Film: Finding the Darkness Within the Perky An Examined Life of Wicked Pleasure Theater » Talk About Your Spring Awakening [headline about unlikely broadway musical] Theater Review | \u0027Damn Yankees\u0027: Faust on Third, Lost Soul at Bat Books » \u0027Atmospheric Disturbances,\u0027 by Rivka Glachen: Who Do You Love? \u0027Ark of the Liberties,\u0027 by Ted Widmer: Democracy’s Keeper \u0027Everything Is Cinema: The Working Life of Jean-Luc Godard,\u0027 by Richard Brody: A Girl and a Gun Week in Review » The Nation: 2,691 Decisions Ideas \u0026 Trends: When Human Rights Extend to Nonhumans Ideas \u0026 Trends: Palpitations Over a New Pill for Kids Magazine » Pill-Popping Pets The Long War of Genaro García Luna Will Little Havana Go Blue? T Magazine » Micro-Trend: Satirizing Luxury Fashion Flashback: Sundek Board Shorts Travel Dispatch | Iceland MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Maureen Dowd: An Ideal Husband Bob Herbert: Feeling No Pain Gail Collins: A Virginal Goth Girl Psychiatric Group Faces Scrutiny Over Drug Industry Ties Recipe: Chocolate Chip Cookies Charles M. Blow: Talking Down and Stepping Up Your Money: How Fallout Could Affect Main Street Lisbon Comes Alive On Religion: Immigrants Find Solace After Storm of Arrests iPhone Users Plagued by Software Problems Go to Complete List » Book Cites Secret Red Cross Report of C.I.A. Torture of Qaeda Captives Regulators Seize Mortgage Lender McCain\u0027s Conservative Model? Roosevelt (Theodore, That Is) Kennedy\u0027s Big Day Obama Won\u0027t Commit to Event at Military Base Fannie and Freddie Shares Fall by as Much as 50 Percent Fannie and Freddie Shares Fall by as Much as 50 Percent U.S. Considers Increasing Pace of Iraq Pullout InBev Said to Be Close to Deal on Anheuser-Busch High Cost of Driving Ignites Online Classes Boom Go to Complete List » iphone maureen dowd iran bush india obama july 8, 2008 china modern love jesse jackson Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/jobs The politics of air conditioning Also in Jobs: Freeing yourself from e-mail Diversity \u0026 Inclusions career fair Keep the rejection letters Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080713075146,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
