{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Mayor C. Ray Nagin issued the city’s first mandatory evacuation order since Hurricane Katrina and said Hurricane Gustav was larger and more dangerous.A walking tour offered a glimpse into the uneven nature of recovery efforts.President Bush chose a bold plan for Iraq that was at odds with what many of his advisers initially recommended.Gov. Sarah Palin’s selection unleashes gender as a live issue again, just when Democrats thought they had it under control. Above, voters in Denver with a purpose.The parties are gauging the risks and opportunities of a young, relatively inexperienced woman being on a ticket.Some women see Sarah Palin as a winning choice. Others say she lacks experience and is on the wrong side of issues.As food prices soar, the improbable business of buying and reforming collective farms has attracted financiers.Two billionaires are fighting over whether the rules for the next America’s Cup disqualify a $10 million yacht.Updates, insights, links, analysis and scenes from Flushing Meadows.Storybook citadels, bold mountains and a light that seduced even Matisse.From bronze beauties to raggedy surfers, the town’s golden shores are enjoyed by all.The United States economy has grown faster, on average, under Democratic presidents than under Republicans, a book says.A hilltop studded with olive trees in Corfu, one of Greece’s most popular islands, inspired a restless foreign correspondent to create a haven.A smarter kind of living. More DetailsThis Bentley is luxurious and astonishingly powerful, provoking the sensation that you’re inside a country-club bar that’s been hit by a tornado.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.Managers can become so consumed by the prospect of firing people that they fail to adequately reassure and remotivate the employees who remain.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/theaterAlso in Theater:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"A new play and much else to worry about","h3":"Mayor Orders the Evacuation of New Orleans",".snippet":"","h4":"U.S. Open ’08 »News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Travel »Opinion »Business »Inside NYTimes.comTheater »Sports »Opinion »Books »Opinion »Business »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"The Patchy Return of New OrleansTroop ‘Surge’ Took Place Amid Doubt and DebateCan You Cross Out ‘Hillary’ and Say ‘Sarah’?Campaigns Shift as McCain Choice Alters the RaceDrawing Women’s Attention, Maybe Not AllegianceRussia’s Collective Farms: Hot Capitalist PropertyBillionaires’ Yacht Rivalry Spills Into CourtroomOpen BlogToday in History - Aug. 31La Tech upsets Mississippi StateVenus Williams Has No Problems AdvancingWofford wins opener 38 - 21 over PresbyterianCorsica, France’s Isle of Beauty36 Hours in Biarritz, FranceIs History Siding With Obama’s Economic Plan?In Corfu, a Two-Villa RetreatThe LucidaMore Dash, if You Have CashAfter a Downsizing, How to Motivate?Gloom (and Rain) Set Tone for Festival PlaysA Father’s Prediction Becomes a Son’s TributeOrwell and Waugh, Two of a KindBloggingheads Video: Political TribesInternet Traffic Begins to Bypass the U.SAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 31 2007 2008 2009 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 31 2007 2008 2009JUL AUG SEP312007 2008 200932,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies.Mayor Orders the Evacuation of New Orleans By ADAM NOSSITER and SHAILA DEWAN 11:18 PM ET Mayor C. Ray Nagin issued the city’s first mandatory evacuation order since Hurricane Katrina and said Hurricane Gustav was larger and more dangerous. NOAA Map and Advisory Times Topics: Hurricane Gustav The Caucus: Hurricane Politics Threaten the G.O.P. Convention Interactive Map The Patchy Return of New Orleans A walking tour offered a glimpse into the uneven nature of recovery efforts. Related Article | Video Troop ‘Surge’ Took Place Amid Doubt and Debate By MICHAEL R. GORDON President Bush chose a bold plan for Iraq that was at odds with what many of his advisers initially recommended. MORE NEWS Drug Violence Alters Flow of Life in Mexico Indians’ Water Rights Could Improve Health Damon Winter/The New York Times Week in Review Can You Cross Out ‘Hillary’ and Say ‘Sarah’? By KATE ZERNIKE Gov. Sarah Palin’s selection unleashes gender as a live issue again, just when Democrats thought they had it under control. Above, voters in Denver with a purpose. Campaigns Shift as McCain Choice Alters the Race By ADAM NAGOURNEY, JIM RUTENBERG and JEFF ZELENY The parties are gauging the risks and opportunities of a young, relatively inexperienced woman being on a ticket. Video: The Palin Effect | Electoral Map: Key States Drawing Women’s Attention, Maybe Not Allegiance By JACKIE CALMES Some women see Sarah Palin as a winning choice. Others say she lacks experience and is on the wrong side of issues. The Food Chain Russia’s Collective Farms: Hot Capitalist Property By ANDREW E. KRAMER As food prices soar, the improbable business of buying and reforming collective farms has attracted financiers. Slide Show | Previous Articles in the Series » Billionaires’ Yacht Rivalry Spills Into Courtroom By JONATHAN D. GLATER Two billionaires are fighting over whether the rules for the next America’s Cup disqualify a $10 million yacht.   U.S. Open ’08 » Open Blog Updates, insights, links, analysis and scenes from Flushing Meadows. Del Potro Still on His Winning Streak Williams in Rout, Murray in 5, Schedule Released Slide Show Scoreboard: Men’s | Women’s News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Today in History - Aug. 31 19 minutes ago La Tech upsets Mississippi State 20 minutes ago Venus Williams Has No Problems Advancing 23 minutes ago Wofford wins opener 38 - 21 over Presbyterian 29 minutes ago Travel » Corsica, France’s Isle of Beauty Storybook citadels, bold mountains and a light that seduced even Matisse. Slide Show 36 Hours in Biarritz, France From bronze beauties to raggedy surfers, the town’s golden shores are enjoyed by all. Slide Show Opinion » Rich: Obama \u0026 Bloviators Comments Dowd: Vice in Go-Go Boots? Friedman: China \u0026 Energy Kristof: Tortured but Vocal Editorial: Vacant Homes Business » Is History Siding With Obama’s Economic Plan? The United States economy has grown faster, on average, under Democratic presidents than under Republicans, a book says. Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds In Corfu, a Two-Villa Retreat A hilltop studded with olive trees in Corfu, one of Greece’s most popular islands, inspired a restless foreign correspondent to create a haven. Slide Show Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad The Lucida A smarter kind of living. More Details Place a Classified Ad » 2009 Bentley Continental Flying Spur Speed More Dash, if You Have Cash This Bentley is luxurious and astonishingly powerful, provoking the sensation that you’re inside a country-club bar that’s been hit by a tornado. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Under New Management After a Downsizing, How to Motivate? Managers can become so consumed by the prospect of firing people that they fail to adequately reassure and remotivate the employees who remain. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Theater » Sports » Opinion » Books » Opinion » Business »Gloom (and Rain) Set Tone for Festival Plays A Father’s Prediction Becomes a Son’s Tribute Orwell and Waugh, Two of a Kind Bloggingheads Video: Political Tribes Internet Traffic Begins to Bypass the U.SIn a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Special Offer! Get 4 Free Trial Issues of The Economist. Get coverage up to $500k in minutes, if you qualify Search for listings on your mobile phone Get customized industry news. Automatically. Learn how. Photos, fine art, books and more. World » Desolate Dots in the Sea Stir Deep Emotions as South Korea Resists a Japanese Claim Thai Premier Vows Not to Resign, Despite Protests Across France, Pessimism Clouds a Time for Renewal U.S. » Brick by Brick, a Weekend Warrior Builds a Medieval Retirement Home Police Using G.P.S. Units as Evidence in Crimes After Fanfare, Hurricane Grants Leave Little Mark Politics » Advisers Say Conservative Ire Pushed McCain Away From Selecting Lieberman St. Paul Journal: Shared Convention Billing Sets Off a Bout of Sibling Rivalry The Carpetbagger: Twin Cities, Worthy of Topping the Last Act N.Y. / Region » The Backyard in New York City: An Urban Oasis An Arrest After Meters Are Stolen in Brooklyn ‘Moonstruck’ House Sells, Recalling Fight for Preservation Science » Observatory: A Blow to the Oxygen Theory of Extinction Observatory: Cinnamon Is Key Ingredient in Anti-Mold Wrapper Truce Is Reached in Battle Over Idaho Forest Land Health » H.I.V. Is Spreading in New York City at Three Times the National Rate, a Study Finds A Decline in Uninsured Is Reported for 2007 Avoiding Dental Perfection With a Slight Twist Education » Get Pad and Pen: The School Supply List Is Long In Texas School, Teachers Carry Books and Guns A Georgia School System Loses Its Accreditation Real Estate » The Ultimate Luxury: A Garage Thrifty Ways to Upgrade a Building Living In | Norwood, the Bronx: Where the Spirit of Renewal Rises Again Business » Hotel Developer Lands in Red Ink, Despite Boldface Names Economic View: Is History Siding With Obama’s Economic Plan? Everybody’s Business: Obama’s Questionable Stimulus Plan Technology » Novelties: Lines and Bubbles and Bars, Oh My! New Ways to Sift Data Bits: Introducing the Twiller Internet Traffic Begins to Bypass the U.S. Sports » Safina Shows She Can Win Playing It Cool, Too Marlins 4, Mets 3: Clinging to First in East, Mets Can’t Hold a Lead Blue Jays 7, Yankees 6: Yankees Running Out of Chances Obituaries » Michael Baxandall, 74, Influential Art Historian, Dies Barbara Warren, Winner of Endurance Competitions, Dies at 65 Phil Hill, a Racing Legend at Odds With the Sport at Times, Is Dead at 81 Travel » Corsica, France’s Isle of Beauty Surfacing | Mexico City: Art? Yes. Lattes? Not Yet. 36 Hours in Biarritz Dining \u0026 Wine » The Way We Eat: Fire and Rice Bites: Calcutta: Mocambo Practically Speaking: For American Restaurateurs, It’s Hard to Get a Break Home \u0026 Garden » Powering Up Boom Times for Job Site Thieves Design Notebook: A Superjumbo Jigsaw Puzzle Fashion \u0026 Style » A Cabana Culture Eases Into the Sunset Vows: Amy Dickinson and Bruno Schickel Imaginary First Lady Tells All Automobiles » Collecting: Standing By His Brand Around the Block | 2009 Bentley Continental Flying Spur Speed: More Dash, if You Have Some Cash Handlebars: Touring in French Deco Style Opinion » Editorial: No One Lives There Anymore Letters: Teaching Evolution in Hostile Territory Op-Ed Columnist: Obama Outwits the Bloviators Arts » Music: Some Kind of Refined Monster Film: Revisiting Coen Country for Odd Men Dance: Love and Dance: Two Obsessions, One Classic Film Movies » Film: Revisiting Coen Country for Odd Men Film: You’ve Come a Longish Way, Baby Dance: Love and Dance: Two Obsessions, One Classic Film Theater » At a Celebration of Shakespeare, Some Rare Shaw Theater: Gloom (and Rain) Set Tone for Plays at Festival A Writer Enjoying a Revival After a Very Long First Run Books » The First Lady Two of a Kind Strange New World Week in Review » Offstage: The Art of the Possible Hey, Big Number, Make Room for the Rest of Us Government Gets Hooked on Tobacco Tax Billions Magazine » The Final Days The Tastemaker With Child, With Cancer T Magazine » Hillary Clinton\u0027s Pantsuit of Many Colors Coming Soon: John Derian for Target Guest Blogger | A Guide to Luxury Shopping MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Gail Collins: McCain’s Baked Alaska Your Money: Automated Bill Payments Are a Cinch (Not So Fast) Surge in Natural Gas Has Utah Driving Cheaply Woman in the News: Palin, an Outsider Who Charms Corsica, France’s Isle of Beauty Internet Traffic Begins to Bypass the U.S. Bob Herbert: Champagne and Tears David Brooks: A Speech to the Delegates Crusader Sees Wealth as Cure for Caste Bias News Analysis: Choice of Palin Is a Bold Move by McCain, With Risks Go to Complete List » McCain Chooses Palin as Running Mate A Speech to the Delegates Feeling No Pain An Outsider Who Charms McCain and Palin in Dayton, Ohio McCain Chooses Palin as Running Mate McCain\u0027s Baked Alaska Bush Seeks to Affirm U.S. War on Terror Iraq Signs Oil Deal With China Worth Up to $3 Billion Bringing Lofty Words Down to Earth Go to Complete List » obama cancer sarah palin bush august 3, 2008 maureen dowd black business bill clinton speech china Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/theater A new play and much else to worry about Also in Theater: Love and starshine Antsy adolescents romp at Edinburgh festivals A guide to understanding \"[title of show]\" Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2008,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":31,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":12,"second":22},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
