{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Yasuo Fukuda, the prime minister of Japan, joined President Bush in saying he would attend the opening ceremony in Beijing.Businesses are proposing alternatives to laws with harsh punishments for hiring illegal immigrants, reopening a rift in the Republican Party.Avastin, which can cost as much as $100,000 a year, has become one of the most popular cancer drugs, but studies show it prolongs life by only a few months.A look at where the presidential candidates have spent their campaign money.Police batons, shields and helmets littered the ground after a suicide blast near a police station in Islamabad. The attack came at a time of high tension in the capital.Americans have seen the current oil crisis coming for 30 years. But analysts say chances to head it off were ignored, missed or blocked.Local officials said that an American airstrike killed at least 27 civilians at a wedding, but coalition officials disputed the report.Fueled by cultural inertia and light penalties, cockfighting in New Mexico continues unabated in hidden venues.Rafael Nadal has never beaten Roger Federer, right, on grass, losing the last two Wimbledon finals.Conservatism in trouble? Rush Limbaugh is just getting warmed up.Rob Mackey of The Times rode L’Etape du Tour, the single stage of the Tour de France open to amateurs.There is no more wrenching finish than third in the Olympic trials, where only the top two make the team.Examining the rationales for supporting or damning the practice of borrowing against a retirement fund can be a useful exercise.A two-bedroom condo in Edenton, N.C.; a two-bedroom town house in Baltimore; and a four-bedroom house in Memphis.The height of west side living. More DetailsAfrica is never far from mind when Geoffrey Good is driving his vintage Land Rover.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.People may attract the wrath of a former employer for a variety of reasons, but how easy is it for a company to succeed in a legal challenge against a former employee?Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/jobsAlso in Jobs:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Obesity in the workforce","h3":"In Japan for G-8 Meeting, Bush Defends Olympic Move",".snippet":"","h4":"In Sunday’s TimesNews from AP \u0026 Reuters »Sports »Opinion »Business »Inside NYTimes.comThe City »Television »Opinion »Week in Review »Opinion »Fashion \u0026 Style »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Employers Fight Tough Measures on ImmigrationCostly Cancer Drug Offers Hope, but Also a DilemmaCashing In on the Campaigns15 Die in Blast Near Police Station in PakistanAmerican Energy Policy, Asleep at the SpigotAfghans Say Civilians Killed in U.S. StrikeA Ban on Cockfighting, but Tradition Lives OnNadal and Federer Renew Their RivalryMagazineNadal Leads 2 - 1 After Federer Wins SetWill Smith Rules Box Office With \"Hancock\"At Least 8 Dead In Blast Near Pakistani MosqueKim Poised For Victory At AT\u0026T NationalThe Climb: He Did It!In a Splash, Euphoria Turns to SadnessWhen Credit Gets Tight, a 401(k) Loan Becomes TemptingWhat You Get for . . . $400,000ArielOut of Africa, to BrooklynWhen Ex-Employees Vent, or Reinvent15-year and 30-year fixed rate mortgages are at 4-year lows. Get your low rate now.Band of Sisters: British War Brides in New YorkOp-Ed: Summer’s Last CallBack in Kabul, Never at PeaceThe Yachtini Lands in MontaukAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL AUG 6 2007 2008 2009 39,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUN JUL AUG 6 2007 2008 2009JUN JUL AUG62007 2008 200939,714 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16NYT Archive Since 1981 NYT Archive 1851-1980 NYT Blogs Google/Web Multimedia NYC Guide Answers.com/ReferenceJobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Olympics Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. All the news that\u0027s fit to personalize.In Japan for G-8 Meeting, Bush Defends Olympic Move By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG 1:08 PM ET Yasuo Fukuda, the prime minister of Japan, joined President Bush in saying he would attend the opening ceremony in Beijing. Times Topics: Group of 8 Getting Tough Employers Fight Tough Measures on Immigration By JULIA PRESTON Businesses are proposing alternatives to laws with harsh punishments for hiring illegal immigrants, reopening a rift in the Republican Party. The Evidence Gap Costly Cancer Drug Offers Hope, but Also a Dilemma By GINA KOLATA and ANDREW POLLACK Avastin, which can cost as much as $100,000 a year, has become one of the most popular cancer drugs, but studies show it prolongs life by only a few months. Slide Show: Cost of Hope Health Guide: Cancer Interactive Graphic Cashing In on the Campaigns A look at where the presidential candidates have spent their campaign money. Related Article Shabbir Hussein/European Pressphoto Agency 15 Die in Blast Near Police Station in Pakistan By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 41 minutes ago Police batons, shields and helmets littered the ground after a suicide blast near a police station in Islamabad. The attack came at a time of high tension in the capital.   American Energy Policy, Asleep at the Spigot By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ Americans have seen the current oil crisis coming for 30 years. But analysts say chances to head it off were ignored, missed or blocked. At $100 for Tank of Gas, Some Choke on ‘Fill It’ Afghans Say Civilians Killed in U.S. Strike By ABDUL WAHEED WAFA 25 minutes ago Local officials said that an American airstrike killed at least 27 civilians at a wedding, but coalition officials disputed the report. A Ban on Cockfighting, but Tradition Lives On By ADAM B. ELLICK Fueled by cultural inertia and light penalties, cockfighting in New Mexico continues unabated in hidden venues. Video: Crackdown on Fights Wimbledon » Nadal and Federer Renew Their Rivalry By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY Rafael Nadal has never beaten Roger Federer, right, on grass, losing the last two Wimbledon finals. Live Updates | Live Video (via MSNBC) Go to Complete Coverage » MORE NEWS 2 Ex-Generals Arrested in Alleged Turkey Coup Plot 10:00 AM ET Five Blasts Shake Georgia Conflict Zone 12:32 PM ET United Arab Emirates Cancels Iraqi Debt 9:10 AM ET ON THE BLOGS Dot Earth: Solar System Roulette   In Sunday’s Times Magazine Conservatism in trouble? Rush Limbaugh is just getting warmed up. Week in Review Sunday Styles Arts \u0026 Leisure News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Nadal Leads 2 - 1 After Federer Wins Set 19 minutes ago Will Smith Rules Box Office With \"Hancock\" 23 minutes ago At Least 8 Dead In Blast Near Pakistani Mosque 48 minutes ago Kim Poised For Victory At AT\u0026T National 1:03 PM ET Sports » The Climb: He Did It! Rob Mackey of The Times rode L’Etape du Tour, the single stage of the Tour de France open to amateurs. Norwegian Wins 2nd Stage In a Splash, Euphoria Turns to Sadness There is no more wrenching finish than third in the Olympic trials, where only the top two make the team. Opinion » Rich: Wall-E for President Comments Kristof: Truth Commission Dowd: An Ideal Husband Editorial: Hunger Crisis Business » When Credit Gets Tight, a 401(k) Loan Becomes Tempting Examining the rationales for supporting or damning the practice of borrowing against a retirement fund can be a useful exercise. Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Property Values What You Get for . . . $400,000 A two-bedroom condo in Edenton, N.C.; a two-bedroom town house in Baltimore; and a four-bedroom house in Memphis. Slide Show More Property Values Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Mortgage News and Rates Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Ariel The height of west side living. More Details Place a Classified Ad » Auto Ego Out of Africa, to Brooklyn Africa is never far from mind when Geoffrey Good is driving his vintage Land Rover. Slide Show More Auto Ego Articles COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Shifting Careers When Ex-Employees Vent, or Reinvent People may attract the wrath of a former employer for a variety of reasons, but how easy is it for a company to succeed in a legal challenge against a former employee? ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print 15-year and 30-year fixed rate mortgages are at 4-year lows. Get your low rate now. Place a Classified Ad » All the news that\u0027s fit to archive.All the news that\u0027s fit to archive.The City » Television » Opinion » Week in Review » Opinion » Fashion \u0026 Style »Band of Sisters: British War Brides in New York Op-Ed: Summer’s Last Call Back in Kabul, Never at Peace The Yachtini Lands in MontaukSearch for listings on your mobile phone Photos, fine art, books and more. Visit NYTimes.com Business Directory Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies. All the news that\u0027s fit to drive. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Free Small Business advice. The only address to know. World » Ancient Tablet Ignites Debate on Messiah and Resurrection A Side Competition in Beijing: Island vs. Mainland Iraqi Parties, After Meetings in Finland, Agree on Principles to Guide Further Talks U.S. » As Web Traffic Grows, Crashes Take Bigger Toll At $100 for Tank of Gas, Some Choke on ‘Fill It’ Virginia Weighs Future of Historic Fort After Army Leaves Politics » Delays and Rising Costs for Convention Raise Worries for Democrats A Political Agitator Finds a Double-Edged Weapon Metrics: Cashing In on Obama and McCain N.Y. / Region » An Old Sound in Harlem Draws New Neighbors’ Ire Long Island Senator Emerges on Top After Many Years of Working the Room Theaters See a Lifeline Above as Developers Pursue Midtown Opportunities Science » Ideas \u0026 Trends: Maybe Chicken Little Wasn’t Paranoid After All The Urge to End It Numerology Health » The Urge to End It Medicine Show Personal Best: To Beat the Heat, Learn to Sweat It Out Education » Higher Education: Shedding the ‘Safe’ Label At Penn, the Subject Is Gossip Education: School Official in Dispute With State on Severance Real Estate » The Noise Children Make In the Region: House Is New, but Style Is Classic The Hunt: Room to Decorate Business » As Web Traffic Grows, Crashes Take Bigger Toll Metrics: Cashing In on Obama and McCain Economic View: Untying a Knot in Campaign Finance Technology » As Web Traffic Grows, Crashes Take Bigger Toll The Medium: File-Sharing Fetish For Marketers, Viruses Just Won’t Cooperate Sports » Wimbledon: All-Williams Wimbledon Final Is All Venus For Spaniard, Blue Sky and Tour’s Yellow Shirt Cramp Sends Gay Tumbling Out of 200 at Trials Obituaries » Michael Turner, 37, Creator of Superheroines, Is Dead Jesse Helms, Beacon of Conservatism, Dies at 86 Larry Harmon, Who Popularized Bozo, Dies at 83 Travel » Sicily, Through the Eyes of the Leopard Journeys | Barcelona: Creative Plates at a Good Price in Barcelona 36 Hours in Pittsburgh Dining \u0026 Wine » Food: The Way We Eat: Three Ways Till Sunday Journeys | Barcelona: Creative Plates at a Good Price in Barcelona Weekend in New York | Hotel Bars: High on the View as Much as the Cocktails Home \u0026 Garden » Style: Sky Lark Australia in Sonoma At Midlife, Called to a New Field Fashion \u0026 Style » The Yachtini Lands in Montauk Did Bob Marley Grow Up in a Water Park? Vows: Nicola Kraus and David Wheir Automobiles » Koenigsegg CCX: Who Wants to Drive a Millionaire? Auto Ego: Out of Africa, to Brooklyn Technology: But Can You Call It a Woody? Opinion » Editorial: Man-Made Hunger Op-Ed Contributor: Affirmative Distraction Letters: Getting There, Without Going Broke Arts » Art: Buddha’s Caves Television: After ‘The Wire,’ Moving On to Battles Beyond the Streets Film: Elves and Killer Beanstalks From Director’s Personal ‘Hell’ Movies » Film: The ‘Mamma Mia!’ Factor, Times Three Displaced and Adrift in Los Angeles Film: Elves and Killer Beanstalks From Director’s Personal ‘Hell’ Theater » Dysfunctional Since Before It Was Cool Selling His Soul for the Part Film: The ‘Mamma Mia!’ Factor, Times Three Books » \u0027Telex From Cuba,\u0027 by Rachel Kushner: Livin’ La Vida Local \u0027America America,\u0027 by Ethan Canin: The Things He Saw \u0027Bright Shiny Morning,\u0027 by James Frey: Second Acts Week in Review » Mind Games: Remembering Brainwashing The World: For Some Foes the Chat, Some the Cold Shoulder Ideas \u0026 Trends: Maybe Chicken Little Wasn’t Paranoid After All Magazine » Late-Period Limbaugh The Urge to End It Twisted Sisters T Magazine » T Magazine: On the Q.T. | Donald Trump Now Showing | Buckminster Fuller The High Low | Meli Melo Clutch, $129 MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Ancient Tablet Ignites Debate on Messiah and Resurrection Maureen Dowd: An Ideal Husband Well: The 11 Best Foods You Aren’t Eating Frank Rich: Wall-E for President 36 Hours in Pittsburgh The Evidence Gap: Costly Cancer Drug Offers Hope, but Also a Dilemma American Energy Policy, Asleep at the Spigot Sicily, Through the Eyes of the Leopard Bob Herbert: Cause for Alarm Journeys | Barcelona: Creative Plates at a Good Price in Barcelona Go to Complete List » Jesse Helms, Conservative Force in the Senate, Dies at 86 On Day Care, Google Makes a Rare Fumble Tiptoeing on Bush and Convention Tablet Ignites Debate on Messiah and Resurrection McCain Battles a Nemesis, the Teleprompter Iran Issues Response to Nuclear Offer Why Fly When You Can Float? Colombia Releases Video of Rescue Wall-E for President Employers Fight Tough Measures on Immigration Go to Complete List » modern love china india bush obama dara torres rush limbaugh korea oil food Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/jobs Obesity in the workforce Also in Jobs: Fighting a war against distraction Teaching from across the world Need to recharge? Take a sabbatical. Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.25 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080706181427,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
