{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Forecasters said flooding from the mammoth storm could be high enough to cover many houses on Galveston Island.The number of patients receiving defibrillators has declined, as more doctors and patients decide the risks and uncertainties the devices pose may outweigh their potential benefits.The failure to find Osama bin Laden may be the most vexing bit of unfinished business for President Bush.Supporters of Jacob G. Zuma cheered after criminal charges against him were dismissed, making his ascension to the South African presidency next year almost certain.Now is the time for taking deep breaths and chanting mantras, but it’s not a time to get out of the stock market.Venezuelan intelligence directors are supporting the drug trafficking activities of Colombian rebels, the U.S. said.Missing from the collections is something remarkable, not merely expensive.Hurricane Ike approached the Texas coastline and rallies were held in Kashmir.“Burn After Reading” has a tricky plot and visual style but little heart.“The Women” stumbles toward screwball.My Portfolios »A 1,232-square-foot house in Key West, Fla.; a six-building compound in Fruitland, Utah; and a two-bedroom house in Romansville, Penn.Riverside \u0026 65th Perfectly Balanced More DetailsGordon Murray, the engineer behind the McLaren F1, responds to readers’ questions about his supercar, his city-car design and the future of automobiles.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.More companies now see the value of military experience, in terms of skills training, work ethic and culture, which stresses teamwork, loyalty and integrity.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.comAlso explore:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Become a fan of The New York Times on Facebook","h3":"Hurricane Ike Bears Down on Texas Coastline",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Movies »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comFashion \u0026 Style »Opinion »Escapes »Opinion »Travel »Art \u0026 Design »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Opinion »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"On Defibrillator Implants, Hard Choice for PatientsSouth African Court Opens Way for ZumaMemo to the Uneasy Investor: Be StrongU.S. Calls Venezuelan Officials Rebel SupportersA Gorgeous Facade, but Where’s the Awe?Pictures of the DayJohn Haskins, Escapes EditorLehman Shares Slide on Paulson Bailout ReluctanceBolivia\u0027s crisis highlights US neglect in regionLehman may need a miracle to survivePolice: Search for Young because of suicide talkA License to LaughCatfights and Class StrugglesWhat You Get for ... $1 MillionAveryAnswers From an Engineer ExtraordinaireFrom the Armed Forces to the Work ForceFashion Week CoverageLetters: It’s a Proud Tradition, Not an EpithetCruising Carolina36 Hours in the Mission District of San FranciscoMaster of Many Styles, and Many MentorsAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP OCT 12 2007 2008 2009 32,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16 Close HelpAUG SEP OCT 12 2007 2008 2009AUG SEP OCT122007 2008 200932,597 captures 12 Nov 96 - 2 Feb 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events New York Times Live: Bringing the pages of The Times to life www.nytimeslive.com Which movies made the 1,000 Best list?Hurricane Ike Bears Down on Texas Coastline By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr. 5:37 PM ET Forecasters said flooding from the mammoth storm could be high enough to cover many houses on Galveston Island. The Lede: Tracking Ike Audio: Texas Residents Slide Show Times Topics: Hurricane Ike Dot Earth: A Truly Mighty Storm TV Decoder: Storm Watch On Defibrillator Implants, Hard Choice for Patients By BARNABY J. FEDER 6:01 PM ET The number of patients receiving defibrillators has declined, as more doctors and patients decide the risks and uncertainties the devices pose may outweigh their potential benefits. Times Topics: Defibrillators The failure to find Osama bin Laden may be the most vexing bit of unfinished business for President Bush. Post a Comment European Pressphoto Agency South African Court Opens Way for Zuma By BARRY BEARAK 5:25 PM ET Supporters of Jacob G. Zuma cheered after criminal charges against him were dismissed, making his ascension to the South African presidency next year almost certain. Your Money Memo to the Uneasy Investor: Be Strong By RON LIEBER 3:09 PM ET Now is the time for taking deep breaths and chanting mantras, but it’s not a time to get out of the stock market. U.S. Calls Venezuelan Officials Rebel Supporters By SIMON ROMERO 6:19 PM ET Venezuelan intelligence directors are supporting the drug trafficking activities of Colombian rebels, the U.S. said. MORE NEWS Cash Helped China Win Costa Rica’s Recognition Interactive Feature: Inside College Football ON THE BLOGS The Caucus: ABC’s Palin Interview, Day Two Dining Preview A Tart That’s Sweet, Yet Savory Fashion Review A Gorgeous Facade, but Where’s the Awe? By CATHY HORYN Missing from the collections is something remarkable, not merely expensive. Fashion Diary Go to Complete Coverage »   Pictures of the Day Hurricane Ike approached the Texas coastline and rallies were held in Kashmir. Talk to the Newsroom » John Haskins, Escapes Editor News from AP \u0026 Reuters » Lehman Shares Slide on Paulson Bailout Reluctance 11 minutes ago Bolivia\u0027s crisis highlights US neglect in region 11 minutes ago Lehman may need a miracle to survive 14 minutes ago Police: Search for Young because of suicide talk 15 minutes ago Movies » A License to Laugh “Burn After Reading” has a tricky plot and visual style but little heart. Catfights and Class Struggles “The Women” stumbles toward screwball. Opinion » Krugman: Blizzard of Lies Brooks: The Social Animal Buzz Bissinger: Fine Print Freakonomics: On Sex Editorial: Interior Dept. Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Property Values What You Get for ... $1 Million A 1,232-square-foot house in Key West, Fla.; a six-building compound in Fruitland, Utah; and a two-bedroom house in Romansville, Penn. Slide Show More Property Values Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Avery Riverside \u0026 65th Perfectly Balanced More Details Place a Classified Ad » Wheels Answers From an Engineer Extraordinaire Gordon Murray, the engineer behind the McLaren F1, responds to readers’ questions about his supercar, his city-car design and the future of automobiles. COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Career Couch From the Armed Forces to the Work Force More companies now see the value of military experience, in terms of skills training, work ethic and culture, which stresses teamwork, loyalty and integrity. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Fashion \u0026 Style » Opinion » Escapes » Opinion » Travel » Art \u0026 Design »Fashion Week Coverage Letters: It’s a Proud Tradition, Not an Epithet Cruising Carolina 36 Hours in the Mission District of San Francisco Master of Many Styles, and Many MentorsSearch for listings on your mobile phone New York Times Live: Bringing the pages of The Times to life The only address to know. The retail industry has opportunities for you. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. Photos, fine art, books and more. MassMutual helps you make good financial decisions Special Offer! Get 4 Free Trial Issues of The Economist. Visit dwr.com For the best in Modern design. World » Who Gets Real Power in Zimbabwe Deal Still Unclear China Begins Inquiry Into Tainted Baby Formula Fire in Channel Tunnel Caused Serious Damage U.S. » Seven Years After 9/11, the Tears Keep Coming Democrats Reluctantly Embrace Offshore Drilling Montana Officials Chastise Governor Over Boasts in Speech to Lawyers’ Group Politics » Obama’s Tone Sharpens as Party Frets The Caucus: Biden Releases Tax Returns In First Big Interview, Palin Says, ‘I’m Ready’ N.Y. / Region » Seven Years After 9/11, the Tears Keep Coming Figure in Rosenberg Case Admits to Soviet Spying In Brooklyn, Low Grade for a School of Successes Science » Observatory: Luck Was Key to Dinosaurs’ Survival, Study Suggests Observatory: Tiny Water Bears Triumph Over Outer Space Detailed Study on Spread of H.I.V. in U.S. Health » Recipes for Health: Italian Bread Salad China Begins Inquiry Into Tainted Baby Formula The Bipolar Puzzle Education » In Brooklyn, Low Grade for a School of Successes At Columbia, Students Mix Studies With Volunteer Work, for Credits If Elected ...: Obama Looks to Lessons From Chicago in His National Education Plan Real Estate » Away: A Home in Idaho Where Water Is the Premium Havens | Naples, Me.: A Chain of Lakes From Bustling to Tranquil Your Second Home | Less Technology: Unplugged Business » Shares Continue Decline as Lehman Looks for Buyer Helping Homeowners While Protecting Taxpayers Weak Retail Sales Latest Sign of a Slowdown Technology » Bits: AOL\u0027s Luddites Love Their E-Mail More than Google\u0027s Geeks Bits: Someone Stole Your Cell Phone? Tell It to Phone Home Virginia Court Strikes Down Anti-Spam Law Sports » Davydenko Cleared in Betting Probe Allianz Drops Bid for Naming Rights At U.S.C., a Quarterback Raised to Lead Obituaries » Gregory Mcdonald, Novelist, Dies at 71 Martin K. Tytell, Typewriter Wizard, Dies at 94 Lucian W. Pye, Bold Thinker on Asia, Is Dead at 86 Travel » 36 Hours in San Francisco Weekend in New York | Owner Operators: The Personal Touch, Right Down to the Name A Short Cast Away Dining \u0026 Wine » A Good Appetite: A Tart That’s Sweet, Yet Savory Manhattan Gets a Mozzarella Bar The Minimalist: From a Chinese Island, a Chicken for Every Pot Home \u0026 Garden » The Next Little Thing? Instead of Trading Up, Adding a High-Style Shed The Natural Look, With Much Effort Fashion \u0026 Style » Fashion Review: A Gorgeous Facade but Where’s the Awe? Fashion Diary: Will His Singularity Lead to Pluralism? Big City: At 17, Jostling for the Runway, From Behind the Lens Automobiles » Seeking Federal Loans, Automakers Cite Alternative-Energy Goals Taxi Group Sues to Block New Mileage Rule for Cabs City Room: Don\u0027t Box Me In, Double Parker Opinion » Editorial: Anything Goes, Apparently Letters: It’s a Proud Tradition, Not an Epithet Op-Ed Columnist: Blizzard of Lies Arts » On Disc: Best of All Possible Bernstein Art Review | \u0027Street Art Street Life\u0027: Finding Art in the Asphalt Television: On the Web, a Nonpartisan Look at Those Partisan Campaign Ads Movies » Movie Review | \u0027Burn After Reading\u0027: Coens Ask the C.I.A. for a License to Laugh Movie Review | \u0027The Women\u0027: Catfights and Class Struggles, but Not at Katz’s Deli Movie Review | \u0027Moving Midway\u0027: Packing Up the Plantation and Finding Distant, Unexpected Connections Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Disco Pigs\u0027: Young, Irish and Up Against the Limits of Friendship At Clown Class, Reaching Deep Into the Psyche for Something Silly Theater Review | \u0027Nanabozho\u0027: The Natural World, Onstage and All Around the Show Books » Books of The Times: Outside the Green Zone, the Human Dimension Chairman of the N.E.A. to Step Down in January Gregory Mcdonald, Novelist, Dies at 71 Week in Review » Target Practice: Media Bashing 101 Memories of Containment: Coming to Grips With Russia’s New Nerve The Nation: Gustav Was No Katrina, but Next Time ... Magazine » Right at the Edge The Vanishing Republican Voter Brave New World of Digital Intimacy T Magazine » Magazines: The McCain Design Challenge Model-morphosis | Catherine McNeill\u0027s Many Looks Fashion Week | Model for President MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Paul Krugman: Blizzard of Lies The Key to Wedded Bliss? Money Matters Op-Ed Contributor: The Origins of the Universe: A Crash Course Gail Collins: Misery Loves Democrats In First Big Interview, Palin Says, ‘I’m Ready’ The Bipolar Puzzle The Next Little Thing? Girl Talk Has Its Limits Judith Warner: No Laughing Matter Figure in Rosenberg Case Admits to Soviet Spying Go to Complete List » Wide-Ranging Ethics Scandal Emerges at Interior Dept. Bush Said to Give Orders Allowing Raids in Pakistan Obama Plans Sharper Tone as Party Frets Misery Loves Democrats My Fair Veep Blizzard of Lies In First Big Interview, Palin Says, \u0027I\u0027m Ready\u0027 Figure in Rosenberg Case Admits Spying for Soviets Wall Street\u0027s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets Squad of G.O.P. Aides Prepares Palin for Interviews Go to Complete List » palin 9/11 obama september 1, 2008 maureen dowd mccain china election india hurricane ike Go to Complete List » nytimes.com Become a fan of The New York Times on Facebook Also explore: T Magazine on Facebook Frugal Traveler on Facebook Nicholas Kristof on Facebook Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2008,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":13,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":51,"second":32},"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
