{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"American officials must now deal with an elected coalition in Pakistan that has so far proven unwilling or incapable of confronting the Taliban insurgency.Barack Obama has set an elaborate roll-out for his choice of a running mate, which could be announced as soon as Wednesday.It is harder than ever for the major Western oil companies to find new prospects, even though they are awash in profits and eager to expand.The explosive ethnic quarrels over the oil-rich city is a major barrier to creating stable political structures in Iraq.Far from Beijing and its gathering of Olympic athletes, victims of the earthquake that devastated Sichuan Province learn to use prosthetic limbs at a medical center.Even as British athletes move up the medal count in Beijing they are looking forward to 2012.Stephanie Brown Trafton sparked a bit of a turnaround for the U.S. track team after winning gold in the discus.Some Pakistanis celebrated Pervez Musharraf’s resignation as president; Russian troops dug in along the road to Tblisi.The community editor is answering questions.A chameleon with a life history more like that of a flowering plant than a lizard.The focus of the fight against AIDS has shifted to the long haul.My Portfolios »A five-bedroom carriage house in Newport, R.I.; a four- bedroom house in Kauai, Hawaii; and a four-bedroom house in Whitefish, Mont.Achieving greater fuel economy doesn’t require driving a tiny or boring car.Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar.If you’re prone to delaying decisions, you may be allowing paper to pile up, too.Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond.nytimes.com/techAlso in Tech:","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"AT\u0026T mulls watching you surf","h3":"In Musharraf’s Wake, U.S. Faces Political Disarray",".snippet":"","h4":"News from AP \u0026 Reuters »Science Times »Health  »Opinion »Inside NYTimes.comOpinion »Books »N.Y. / Region »Opinion »Art \u0026 Design »World »World »U.S. »Politics »N.Y. / Region »Science »Health »Education »Real Estate »Business »Technology »Sports »Obituaries »Travel »Dining \u0026 Wine »Home \u0026 Garden »Fashion \u0026 Style »Automobiles »Arts »Movies »Theater »Books »Week in Review »Magazine »T Magazine »MOST POPULAR","h5":"Obama Ready to Announce Running Mate This WeekAs Oil Giants Lose Influence, Supply DropsKurdish Control of Kirkuk Creates a Powder Keg in IraqQuake Victims in China Rally From LossesGood Showing by Britain Is Ahead of ScheduleAt Track, Red and White and a Little Less Blue2008 Summer Olympics Special Section »Pictures of the DayHeather MooreAP: Title, print run on Woodward book announcedMusharraf\u0027s exit poses challenge for Pakistan8 religious scrolls stolen from New York synagoguePakistan parties to discuss Musharraf\u0027s successorLife is Short...No Magic BulletWhat You Get for ... $10 MillionA Dozen Unlikely Fuel SippersMoving Mountains on Your DeskLetters: The Wrath of an Opera Lover ScornedBook Blurbs: A Web of Friendships and RivalriesPowerful Harlem Church Is a Powerful DeveloperA Floating City With Junkyard RootsPressured, Heir to Kafka Papers May Yield ThemAbout UsServicesHelpnytimes.comNewspaper","h6":"","tr":"JUL AUG SEP 19 2007 2008 2009 39,668 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpJUL AUG SEP 19 2007 2008 2009JUL AUG SEP192007 2008 200939,668 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16Jobs Real Estate Autos All Classifieds World U.S. Politics Washington Education N.Y./Region Business Technology Sports Olympics Science Health Opinion Arts Books Movies Music Television Theater Style Dining \u0026 Wine Fashion \u0026 Style Home \u0026 Garden Weddings/ Celebrations Travel Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds Corrections Crossword/ Games First Look Learning Network Multimedia NYC Guide Obituaries Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Week in Review Weather SERVICES My Alerts NYT Mobile NYT Store Times File Times Reader NEWSPAPER Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Watch A.O. Scott\u0027s video reviews of movies. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first.In Musharraf’s Wake, U.S. Faces Political Disarray By JANE PERLEZ 1 minute ago American officials must now deal with an elected coalition in Pakistan that has so far proven unwilling or incapable of confronting the Taliban insurgency. Musharraf Walked a Tightrope Timeline | Video | Photos Obama Ready to Announce Running Mate This Week By ADAM NAGOURNEY and JEFF ZELENY 10:55 PM ET Barack Obama has set an elaborate roll-out for his choice of a running mate, which could be announced as soon as Wednesday. Political Memo: Clinton, the Lingering What-if Question Potential Running Mates As Oil Giants Lose Influence, Supply Drops By JAD MOUAWAD 1 minute ago It is harder than ever for the major Western oil companies to find new prospects, even though they are awash in profits and eager to expand. Graphic: Profit and Trouble Kurdish Control of Kirkuk Creates a Powder Keg in Iraq By RICHARD A. OPPEL JR 1 minute ago The explosive ethnic quarrels over the oil-rich city is a major barrier to creating stable political structures in Iraq. Shiho Fukada for The New York Times Quake Victims in China Rally From Losses By EDWARD WONG Far from Beijing and its gathering of Olympic athletes, victims of the earthquake that devastated Sichuan Province learn to use prosthetic limbs at a medical center. Good Showing by Britain Is Ahead of Schedule By PETER BERLIN 22 minutes ago Even as British athletes move up the medal count in Beijing they are looking forward to 2012. At Track, Red and White and a Little Less Blue By LYNN ZINSER 33 minutes ago Stephanie Brown Trafton sparked a bit of a turnaround for the U.S. track team after winning gold in the discus. Bolt Advances in 200-Meter 11:26 PM ET More Olympics News Would-Be Protesters Detained in China Phelps Climbs Out of the Pool and Into the World Rings: Online, It’s O.K. to Cry for Liu Xiang In order to view this feature, you must download the latest version of flash player here. 2008 Summer Olympics Special Section » Results | Medal Count | Event Schedule More News Japanese Stocks Tumble 11:06 PM ET To Some, Russian Pullout Looks Like Anything But For Families of the Ailing, a Brief Chance to Relax F.B.I. Presents Anthrax Details; Doubts Remain Speaker’s Father, Shadow and Political Adviser   Pictures of the Day Some Pakistanis celebrated Pervez Musharraf’s resignation as president; Russian troops dug in along the road to Tblisi. Talk to the Newsroom » Heather Moore The community editor is answering questions. E-Mail a Question News from AP \u0026 Reuters » AP: Title, print run on Woodward book announced 12 minutes ago Musharraf\u0027s exit poses challenge for Pakistan 18 minutes ago 8 religious scrolls stolen from New York synagogue 24 minutes ago Pakistan parties to discuss Musharraf\u0027s successor 25 minutes ago Science Times » Life is Short... A chameleon with a life history more like that of a flowering plant than a lizard. Health  » No Magic Bullet The focus of the fight against AIDS has shifted to the long haul. Health Guide Opinion » Krugman: The Economy Kristol: On Saddleback The Board: Energy Editorial: After Olmert Comments Get Quotes My Portfolios » Real Estate Autos Jobs All Classifieds Property Values What You Get for ... $10 Million A five-bedroom carriage house in Newport, R.I.; a four- bedroom house in Kauai, Hawaii; and a four-bedroom house in Whitefish, Mont. Slide Show More Property Values Columns Find Properties Advanced Search » Commercial Real Estate Open Houses New Homes Mortgage News and Rates Video Showcase: Real Estate Post an Ad Place a Classified Ad » A Dozen Unlikely Fuel Sippers Achieving greater fuel economy doesn’t require driving a tiny or boring car. Slide Show COLLECTIBLE CARS PHOTO GALLERY \u0026 EVENT CALENDAR » Submit photos and view and comment on other readers’ cars. Also, view and submit events to the Automotive Events Calendar. Search for new cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Search for used cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo MG Rolls-Royce Other Advanced Search » More in Automobiles New Car Reviews Used Car Information Sell Your Car Place a Classified Ad » Career Couch Moving Mountains on Your Desk If you’re prone to delaying decisions, you may be allowing paper to pile up, too. ADVERTISEMENT Find the best job in the New York metro area and beyond. Advanced Search » Tools Post Your Résumé to NYTimes.com/monster Find a Job by Industry Employers Post a Job Online and in Print Search Résumés See All Recruitment Options Place a Classified Ad » Find a Classifieds listing Autos Business Directory Camps \u0026 Schools Commercial Real Estate Home \u0026 Garden Directory Jobs Personals Social Announcements Residental Real Estate Small Inns \u0026 Lodges Weddings Directory Post a Classified Ad Online | In Print Place a Classified Ad »Opinion » Books » N.Y. / Region » Opinion » Art \u0026 Design » World »Letters: The Wrath of an Opera Lover Scorned Book Blurbs: A Web of Friendships and Rivalries Powerful Harlem Church Is a Powerful Developer A Floating City With Junkyard Roots Pressured, Heir to Kafka Papers May Yield ThemSearch for listings on your mobile phone Free Small Business advice. In a world of second opinions, get the facts first. The only address to know. Read complete coverage and track your favorite events Photos, fine art, books and more. World » After Years on a Tightrope, Musharraf Disappoints the U.S. and His Own Nation In Battered Villages, Georgians Speak, if They Dare Blast Kills 12 at U.S. Base on a Holiday for Afghans U.S. » F.B.I. Presents Anthrax Details but Says It Can’t Erase Doubts Political Memo: The Lingering What-If Question: Clinton? Hollywood Joins Memphis for a Farewell to Isaac Hayes Politics » Political Memo: The Lingering What-If Question: Clinton? Ethics Thicket for Convention Parties Crimps Events In V.F.W. Speech, McCain Attacks Obama on War N.Y. / Region » Council Speaker Has a Voice; She Calls Him Dad U.S. Says Many Apartments Violate Law on Disabled Democrats Get Big Gift for Denver Science » Basics: Life Is Short... The Struggle To Measure Cosmic Expansion A Conversation With Nina V. Fedoroff: An Advocate for Science Diplomacy Health » The Doctor’s World: At Meeting on AIDS, Focus Shifts to Long Haul For Families of the Ailing, a Brief Chance to Relax Well: Better to Be Fat and Fit Than Skinny and Unfit Education » 18 New Charter Schools to Open in September, Bloomberg Announces Environment: Challenging a College to Redesign a Building A Taste of Failure Fuels an Appetite for Success at South Korea’s Cram Schools Real Estate » A New Generation Moves On, but Not Too Far The Hunt: And Now a Homeowner Streetscapes | Second Avenue at Eighth Street: 1880s Features, Unveiled Again Business » Investors Can’t Shake Mortgage Worries Japanese Stocks Tumble in Early Trading Game Maker Retracts Bid for a Rival Technology » A Smart Bet or a Big Mistake? Game Maker Retracts Bid for a Rival Bits: Has the iPhone 3G Been Fixed? Sports » Pirates 5, Mets 2: Mets Take a Wrong Turn on the Way Home Girardi Girds Yankees for an Uphill Trip A Long Shot in a Long-Awaited Olympic Chance Obituaries » Dorival Caymmi, Singer of Brazil, Is Dead at 94 Leroy Sievers, 53, Journalist Who Wrote of Cancer Battle, Dies Robert N. Beck, 80, Leader in Advancing Scanning for Medical Diagnoses, Dies Travel » Next Stop | Costa Smeralda, Sardinia: An Elite Playground Becomes Less So Spain’s Wild Coast Journeys | Ecuador: Meals and Wheels on Avenue of the Volcanoes Dining \u0026 Wine » Journeys | Ecuador: Meals and Wheels on Avenue of the Volcanoes City Room: Satisfying a Bagel Craving in Beijing The Way We Eat: On Blueberry Hill Home \u0026 Garden » Art Review: Interior Lives: Cribs of the Rich and Regal At Home on the Road Shopping for Garage Sale Finds With Linda Wary and John Meyers Fashion \u0026 Style » In China, a Whole New Ball Game I Was There. Just Ask Photoshop. Vows: Annie Evans and Martin Robinson Automobiles » Misers in Disguise: A Dozen Unlikely Fuel Sippers Collecting: The Art of the Restoration Bugattis for Pocket Change Arts » Art Review: The Painter and the City: Parallel Tales of Growth Books of The Times: The Business of Politics, the Politics of Business Dance: Dancing Locally, Stepping Globally Movies » Fox Is Allowed to Press Warner Over Rights to ‘Watchmen’ Film: To Be, or to Be Broad, in Service of ‘Hamlet 2’ Film: The Angry Flood and the Stories in Its Wake Theater » Theater Review | \u0027Absinthe\u0027: A Circus, Yes, but Emphatically Not for Children of All Ages Harvard’s Not-So-Square New Director Off the Stage, What’s Behind the Music Books » House Proud in Historic Enclave \u0027For the Thrill of It,\u0027 by Simon Baatz: Murder Most Rational and Confounding Under ‘Kafkaesque’ Pressure, Heir to Kafka Papers May Yield Them Week in Review » Cold Friends, Wrapped in Mink and Medals The Nation: How to Erase That Smea... The Nation: A Nation of None and All of the Above Magazine » A Teachable Moment Dr. Doom Classified Matters T Magazine » The Moment: Cinema Style: A Satirical Boarding School Revolt Teen Bloggers: Too Cool for School Style on a Budget: Bangles, $40 to $145 MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Blogged Searched Op-Ed Contributor: Drink Outside the Box Dr. Doom Television: Is Jon Stewart the Most Trusted Man in America? Frank Rich: The Candidate We Still Don’t Know Your Money: Gauging the Worth of a Frequent-Flier Credit Card U.S. Watched as a Squabble Turned Into a Showdown In Rural New York, Windmills Can Bring Whiff of Corruption Spain’s Wild Coast Maureen Dowd: Russia Is Not Jamaica Paul Krugman: It’s the Economy Stupor Go to Complete List » Despite Assurances, McCain Wasn\u0027t in a \u0027Cone of Silence\u0027 President Musharraf of Pakistan Resigns The Candidate We Still Don\u0027t Know Showdown at Saddleback It\u0027s the Economy Stupor Kremlin Says Troops Will Begin Withdrawal From Georgia on Monday Fox News Joins a Social Network, but Not Its Parent\u0027s Site Television Starts to Court the Young Voter Eight for Phelps Obama Appears Ready to Announce His Running Mate Go to Complete List » phelps august 3, 2008 olympics modern love china bigfoot bush john edwards obama yankees Go to Complete List » nytimes.com/tech AT\u0026T mulls watching you surf Also in Tech: HDTV becomes De Rigueur Microsoft Word now knows \"Osama\" from \"Obama\" Lessons from Netflix\u0027s fail week Blogs Cartoons / Humor Classifieds College Corrections Crossword / Games Learning Network NYC Guide Obituaries On This Day Personals Podcasts Public Editor Sunday Magazine T Magazine Video Weather Week in Review About Us About the NYT Co. Jobs at the NYT Co. Online Media Kit Services Theater Tickets NYT Store NYT Mobile Help Site Help Privacy Policy nytimes.com Your Profile E-Mail Preferences Purchase History Newspaper Get Home Delivery Customer Care Electronic Edition Community Affairs Events Add New York Times headlines to your site Add New York Times RSS Feeds Get home delivery of The New York Times, as little as $3.45 a week.","article":""},"timeStamp":20080819043821,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
