{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Almost two years after the Islamic State swept through northern Iraq, the political system is in deep dysfunction. With Kurds, Shiites and Sunnis fighting for control, some are looking to partition as the remedy.A hospital assisted by Doctors Without Borders was struck in a government airstrike, killing dozens, and rebels retaliated with deadly mortar strikes.The stage was set for the first round of the N.F.L. draft in Chicago. Kena Krutsinger/Getty ImagesFollow our journalists for live updates and analysis as N.F.L. franchises possibly make or break their futures. The Rams, who have not had a winning season since 2003, chose Goff in hopes of making a splash in their return to Southern California.Jared Goff threw for 4,719 yards, 43 touchdowns and 13 interceptions last year in the competitive Pacific-12 Conference. Ryan Kang/Associated PressThe selection of the quarterback from California is the latest move by a team trying to re-establish itself in Southern California after two decades in St. Louis. 24m agoSenator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, is among several candidates who need ticket-splitting voters. Doug Mills/The New York TimesRepublicans in swing states hope voters will embrace them even if they reject Donald J. Trump. But ticket-splitting voters in federal races have become increasingly rare.John A. Boehner walked through the Capitol Building near the end of his time as speaker of the House last October. Zach Gibson/The New York TimesDuring a forum at Stanford University in which he discussed the presidential election and his time in office, former House Speaker John A. Boehner’s harshest assessment was saved for Senator Ted Cruz, who he has not forgiven for spearheading the 2013 government shutdown.Perhaps Donald Trump is playing the men’s card: The U.S. is positioned between Greece and Bangladesh in one metric of women’s success in politics.Chris Wallace, right, interviewing Paul Manafort, Donald Trump’s campaign chief. Mr. Wallace pressed Mr. Manafort on his lobbying work for a Filipino dictator and his description of Mr. Trump as playing a “part.” Drew Angerer for The New York TimesAs Fox News grapples with how to cover Mr. Trump, Chris Wallace has been willing to irritate the candidate and even his own colleagues.President Barack Obama Katy Grannan for The New York TimesUnemployment is at 5 percent, deficits are down and G.D.P. is growing. Why do so many voters feel left behind? In conversations with our writer, the president offered a theory.Rep. Peter Roskam Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Associated PressA bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns. 3h agoJulianna Margulies flanked by the creators of “The Good Wife,” Robert and Michelle King. The CBS television series is coming to an end after seven seasons. Jesse Dittmar for The New York TimesAs the CBS drama ends, Julianna Margulies and the show’s creators discuss their journey, and the scarcity of network serialized dramas.Damon Winter/The New York TimesIn her Manhattan apartment, the media mogul practices what she preaches: a good night’s sleep.A hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home. Davide Luciano for The New York TimesA hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home. It is a beautiful torpedo of food — crunchy, silken, sweet and spicy all at once, writes Sam Sifton.Nathan Wilkes and his son, Thomas, who has hemophilia, in Englewood, Colo. Mr. Wilkes said that years of struggling to get care for his son had made him an advocate of universal coverage. Theo Stroomer for The New York TimesA ballot measure has put conservative critics in the unusual position of defending President Obama’s health policy against an assault from the left.D. Alexandra Dyer outside her office at the Healing Arts Initiative in Queens, where she is executive director. Ms. Dyer was the victim of a chemical attack in August. Christian Hansen for The New York TimesA three-year drama involving accusations of embezzlement, a cover-up and collusion at a New York nonprofit had a terrifying climax: a lye attack on a Queens street, and three arrests.Mayor Bill de Blasio is involved in five separate inquiries, involving at least six different federal, state and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies. Victor J. Blue for The New York TimesIn recent weeks, no fewer than five separate investigations involving Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York have come to light. At the heart of each of them is money.iStockSixty seconds of intense exercise provided the benefits of three-quarters of an hour of moderate cycling.Construction workers in Manhattan this month. Damon Winter/The New York TimesActual economic output is merely moving in lock step with the number of hours people work, rather than rising as it has throughout modern history.An event by Greenpeace addressing climate change in Beijing, the capital, in 2009. The law subjects foreign groups to oversight by the police. Elizabeth Dalziel/Associated PressThe new law is aimed at limiting the work of foreign nongovernmental organizations and their local partners, mainly through police supervision.Beyoncé kicked off her “Formation” World Tour at Marlins Park in Miami on Wednesday. The New York TimesThe opening night of the “Formation” World Tour followed the arc of her new album, evoking a funeral at the beginning and a baptism at the end.Warsan Shire, whose poetry was adapted for Beyoncé‘s visual album “Lemonade.” In 2014, she was appointed the first Young Poet Laureate of London. Amaal SaidWarsan Shire’s previously published verse forms the backbone of the album.Beyoncé released her new album “Lemonade” which focuses on marital strife and, eventually, reconciliation. via Parkwood EntertainmentIn a conversation, writers for The New York Times put this superstar’s latest effort into a context wider than just the music.The investigation into the San Bernardino massacre produced criminal charges on Thursday against three people tied to one of the gunmen, Syed Rizwan Farook.Tom Petty, left, and Prince honoring George Harrison at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in New York in March 2004. Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty ImagesMusicians recall the night in March 2004 when Prince, Tom Petty and others performed at the induction of George Harrison into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.Eddie Huang and Marcia Douglas in “Huang’s World.” ViceEddie Huang seeks out culture in “Huang’s World.” Amy Schumer gets close to Liam Neeson. And Joel McHale and Jim Rash reunite on “Lip Sync Battle.”A man took a selfie with a dead whale that washed up on the shore at Lower Trestles, a mile south of San Clemente, Calif., on Sunday. Fred Swegles/The Orange County Register, via Associated PressWe talked to the experts so you don’t have to. (Safety tip: Hold the explosives.)Rep. Peter Roskam Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Associated PressA bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns.Adam Ferguson for The New York TimesDefeating cruelty requires a homegrown agenda.Cuban-Americans arriving from Miami are reunited with family at the airport in Havana. Desmond Boylan/Associated PressYoung Cuban-Americans try to bridge generational and geographical gaps.Ted Cruz. Mark Makela for The New York TimesPeople who know Mr. Cruz have found very inventive ways of expressing their hatred for him.It’s over, but the cause lives. The issues his campaign has raised are likely to resonate with the progressive left for decades, if not forever.He doesn’t get that Hillary Clinton has spent her life championing women and their issues.We thought primary voters cared about ideology and electability. Were we wrong?A crucial issue — a matter of life or death — is missing from the presidential race.Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Play Today\u0027s Puzzle‘Becoming Irrelevant’: My Recent Adventures With TrumpA mass performance piece — an avian-powered light show at the Brooklyn Navy Yard — is an artist’s valentine to the vanishing world of rooftop pigeon fanciers.Room for Debate asks whether it is right for European regulators to charge the company with antitrust violations.Les Waas’s jingle, a herald of the ice cream man, is the embodiment of an earworm: once heard, never forgotten. Mr. Waas was 94.The fast-food giant has done well for its executives and shareholders, at the expense of most of its workers and the taxpayers.The Tony nominations will be announced on Tuesday, and it’s possible that more African-American actors than ever will be among those chosen.Margalit Fox, a Times obituary writer, on the genesis of the recently-released documentary that chronicled life on the “dead beat.”Mélida, above, is one of thousands of guerrilla fighters who were raised during the half-century of conflict in Colombia. Now they face a future for which they are unprepared.Is the North Pole the latest Russia-NATO battleground?Apple’s second-quarter earnings show how hard it can be to keep the attention of the country’s fickle and increasingly hard-to-impress consumers.Gleaming Abuja starts to feel more like teeming Lagos.The producer and musician discusses how he meshed music and words on his new album to evoke time, death and the tragic hubris of powerful men.The public sector’s slow decimation is one of the unheralded reasons that the middle class has shrunk as the ranks of the poor and the rich have swollen in the post-recession years.The political system is malfunctioning as Kurds, Shiites and Sunnis fight to control a nation that might be better off if split among them, some experts say.Charting a future for thousands of young rebel fighters like Mélida is vital to the success of any deal to end 50 years of armed conflict, analysts say.President Obama has proposed the largest package of military aid ever provided by the United States, but Israel has insisted on more generous terms.At a tricky moment for Fox, Mr. Wallace has been allowed leeway, even including criticizing his own network.Shares rose 12 percent after the company reported net income of $513 million, in contrast to last year’s loss of $57 million.The agency attributed the increase to better estimates, but Senator Orrin G. Hatch called for it “to get smarter about guaranteeing tax compliance.”In 2013 the North Carolina Legislature enacted voting rules that disproportionately affected black and Latino voters. Now a judge has upheld that law.A bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns.It’s over, but the cause lives. The issues his campaign has raised are likely to resonate with the progressive left for decades, if not forever.The planned renaming of a law school after Justice Antonin Scalia is creating worries among faculty and students that the public university is becoming an ideological outpost.News and updates from around the country.After a standoff at a television station, police wounded an unidentified man carrying a mock explosive device that included candy bars connected by wires.Shares rose 12 percent after the company reported net income of $513 million, in contrast to last year’s loss of $57 million.The European Union is arguing that Google’s mobile operating system does not offer enough diversity of product, but consumers swamped in preloaded apps would disagree.Pre-owned products can be purchased with confidence; they are subject to rigorous testing and often come with return policies.The opening night of the tour began something like a funeral and ended very surely at baptism, an arc already familiar from her latest release.The singer began a 41-date world tour at Marlins Park four days after releasing “Lemonade,” an intensely personal album charting infidelity and scorn.Ms. Shire’s previously published verse forms the backbone of Beyoncé’s album and its exploration of family, infidelity and the black female body.In interviews, the president stresses big achievements without big mistakes. But a low-key approach and public perceptions are hampering him.The Vermont senator laid out in more detail than usual his views for shaping the Democratic Party’s agenda and the need for elected officials to focus on more progressive politics.An agreement between Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich to each focus on certain states, in an effort to stop Donald Trump, appears to be in tatters.Also, baby matchmaking, a nonstop talker in the office and a tuned-out friend.A new line, Hopp, releases shoes with a sleek shape and padded insoles.An evening with the Whitney Museum and Max Mara.Mr. Bateman, who is directing a new movie, “The Family Fang,” discusses performance art, being a child actor, “Arrested Development” and more.The director and production designer of the new film explain their thinking behind what to change and what to leave alone.With the coming of her new film, “Money Monster,” Ms. Foster talks about privacy, the desperation to communicate and her ceaseless self-examination.Mayor Bill de Blasio attributed the decrease to progress in moving homeless people into shelters, but advocates have long questioned the count’s credibility.Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York can’t seem to escape questions about the state and federal fund-raising investigations.In recent weeks, no fewer than five separate inquiries involving Mr. de Blasio have come to light. At the heart of each of them is money.The selection of the quarterback from California is the latest move by a team trying to re-establish itself in Southern California after two decades in St. Louis.With quarterbacks expected to go 1-2 in this week’s N.F.L. draft, a look at some other times that happened.The wildly divergent paths of the top two picks in the 1998 N.F.L. draft have become shorthand for the frustrating process of identifying character traits that lead to success.“On Your Feet!,” “Disaster!” and “Something Rotten!” are among the shows that don’t have much in common onstage but share some notable punctuation.The production, starring Gabriel Byrne, Jessica Lange, Michael Shannon and John Gallagher Jr., features some heavy-weather acting.The Tony nominations will be announced on Tuesday, and it’s possible that more African-American actors than ever will be among those chosen.The bearded dragon shows stages of sleep similar to those in humans and other mammals, suggesting that the stages evolved earlier than scientists thought.Different people’s brains absorb a compelling story in the roughly the same complicated pattern, using many parts of the brain, researchers found.Policy makers and road safety experts are reaching back to tested strategies: They want to treat distracted driving like drunken driving.Mr. Linton’s Drexel firm pioneered the junk bond industry and came to symbolize the era’s “greed is good” mentality, until it was swept into a federal inquiry.Hill made eight All-Star teams and protected the blindside of quarterback Joe Namath during the team’s only Super Bowl victory.A businessman who made millions off N.B.A. television contracts long after the team he co-owned with his brother, Daniel, was dissolved.The movie, on Netflix, also stars Eric Bana and is an adaptation of a French comedy about a radio reporter and his sound engineer.Christine Baranski, Michael J. Fox, Alan Cumming and others recall favorite scenes for their characters.The Lyon family continues to come to terms with Empire’s pending heir and inches closer to regaining control of the company.For some, true commitment to adopting a healthy change in eating habits means moving to “the place where the magic happened.”There are about 100,000 men and women with chronic critical illness in the United States, and this number is only expected to grow.The Royal College of Physicians summarized the growing body of science on e-cigarettes and found that their benefits far outweigh the potential harms.St. Paul shaped “The Great Gatsby” and other novels by a writer best known for his time in France.Bangkok’s long-neglected river is returning to its glory days — and remains the heart of the city.A novelist becomes a HistoriCorps volunteer to help transform a dilapidated Colorado ranch into a live-in library. Safety ropes and hard hats are involved.The story of the man who defied Al Qaeda to protect his nation’s cultural heritage.Mr. Swift’s slim new novel about a young maidservant’s coming-of-age features nods and bows to “Downton Abbey” in a story of love, war and loss.New picture books include “You Never Heard of Casey Stengel?!”Linda P.B. Katehi was put on administrative leave pending an independent investigation into a number of possible violations.The residential college, which is named for the white supremacist John C. Calhoun, will keep its name, and the university will open two new residential colleges next year.Mr. Kenny gave voice in his verse to historical figures of New York State, both white and Native American.Anton’s Dumplings and Babushka Cafe fill their specialties with care and tradition.With its emphasis on two regions, the Freek’s Mill wine list offers a chance to dive deep. But it’s a challenge for those unprepared to take the plunge.The “Top Chef” celebrity has cooked for Oprah Winfrey and two Florida governors. Now he has grand plans to put a poor swath of North Florida to work.A growing number of minority parents and educators are joining the anti-testing movement.The university is morally obligated to deliver reparations, including scholarships for descendants of the people it sold.If a pee-peeved plutocrat can see the light about transgender people and bathrooms, can’t we all?In her Manhattan apartment, the media mogul practices what she preaches: A good night’s sleep.Katz’s Delicatessen sold two properties and its air rights for about $17 million, paving the way for an 11-story condominium.Older co-op and rental buildings are working to keep up with the offerings in shiny new construction.The rate of economic output is not increasing much. Or is there work below the surface that will pay big dividends in the future?After strong showings in the Northeast, the state no longer looks like a must-win to capture the Republican nomination without a contested convention.Perhaps Donald Trump is playing the men’s card: The U.S. is positioned between Greece and Bangladesh in one metric of women’s success in politics.The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to reveal someone’s H.I.V. status, and when it’s O.K. to accept money from a company with practices you don’t respect.Children need to learn how to feel the burn of losing.A hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home.Policy makers and road safety experts are reaching back to tested strategies: They want to treat distracted driving like drunken driving.Over two days at this year’s Mudfest in the Pacific Northwest, 26 journalists evaluated 27 vehicles, including crossovers, S.U.V.s and pickups.The automaker said it had set aside about $7.9 billion for legal costs worldwide over its test rigging, less than it faces in the United States alone.A coop designed by the artist Duke Riley, on sale at tonight’s Creative Time gala, coincides with Riley’s releasing thousands of birds over the East River.Alexandre Singh’s play “The School for Objects Criticized AE” comes to Spru?th Magers.A new line, Hopp, releases shoes with a sleek shape and padded insoles.Two planes, three helicopters and three phone conversations tell us quite a bit about Donald J. Trump.Mr. Rosenthal, The Times’s editorial page editor, discusses restrictive voting laws, Donald J. Trump and Prince — among other topics.Nicholas Kristof recounted a number of experiences at a recent Times Insider event.By JOYCE COHENAlex Tavis and Ava Volandes Tavantzis wanted to annex the neighbor’s one-bedroom. But he had similar plans.By AILEEN JACOBSONThe neighborhood of former industrial buildings draws hordes to its stores and galleries, but residents still find a sense of community.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"Reviving an Old Idea for an Iraq Still in Turmoil: Splitting It UpSyria’s divided city of Aleppo plunged back into the kind of all-out war not seen in months.N.F.L. Draft Live: A Night of Second-GuessingGoff’s selection with the first pick underlines the league’s focus on the passing game over the running game.Wary About Trump, Republicans Put Hope in Split TicketsJohn Boehner described Ted Cruz as “Lucifer in the flesh.”We measured what Donald Trump called “the women’s card.” It’s not worth much.No Target Is Off Limits for Fox’s ContrarianPresident Obama Weighs His Economic LegacyDark Money and an I.R.S. BlindfoldClosing Arguments for ‘The Good Wife’Arianna Huffington’s Sleep Revolution Starts at HomeThe Best Sandwich EverColorado Weighs Alternative to Affordable Care ActAfter Questions About Charity’s Missing Funds, a Vicious AttackWhy Mayor de Blasio Is Facing So Many InvestigationsThe Health Benefits of a MinuteIn Jobs Rebound, a Mystery: What Is Everybody Doing?Clampdown in China Restricts 7,000 Foreign OrganizationsReview: Beyoncé on Tour, Through ‘Lemonade’-Tinted GlassesThe Woman Who Gave Poetry to ‘Lemonade\u0027What happens when four Times writers sit down to discuss Beyoncé?3 Tied to San Bernardino Gunman Are IndictedThe Day Prince’s Guitar Wept the LoudestWhat’s on TV ThursdayHow Do You Move a 70,000-Pound (Dead) Whale?OpinionDark Money and an I.R.S. BlindfoldWhat the West Gets WrongReturning to Their Cuban RootsThe Most Creative Descriptions of CruzBernie Sanders’s LegacyTrump Deals the Woman CardTrump and the Madness of CrowdsCandidates, Let’s Talk About Women’s HealthFeedbackFrom our AdvertisersYour Evening BriefingtimesvideoInside Nytimes.comLights, Pigeons, Action!Is Google a Harmful Monopoly?Creator of the Iconic Mister Softee Jingle DiesEditorial: Fat Profits, Lean WagesFor Tonys, a Chance to Champion DiversityYou’ve Read the Obits, Now See the Movie‘We Were Children Waiting for Our Deaths’Bittner: East vs. West in the Arctic CircleiPhone Is No Longer a Status Symbol in ChinaOgunlesi: Will Nigeria’s New Capital Be Old Soon?Brian Eno: Ambient Sounds, but Political, TooWhere Did the Government Jobs Go?With Iraq Mired in Turmoil, Some Call for Partitioning the CountryA Former Girl Soldier in Colombia Finds ‘Life Is Hard’ as a CivilianObama-Netanyahu Rift Impedes U.S. Offer of Record Aid Deal for IsraelChris Wallace, In-House Moderate at Fox News, Has Less Predictable TargetsAmazon’s Cloud Business Lifts Its Profit to a RecordUnpaid Annual Taxes Rise to $458 Billion, I.R.S. ReportsThe Retreat From Voting RightsDark Money and an I.R.S. BlindfoldBernie Sanders’s LegacyWhat’s in a Name Change? Politics, Those at George Mason University FearNational BriefingCostumed Man Shot and Wounded by Police After Baltimore StandoffAmazon’s Cloud Business Lifts Its Profit to a RecordGoogle Shuts Out Competitors on Android? HardlyTaking the Stigma Out of Buying Used ElectronicsReview: ‘Formation’ World Tour, Beyoncé Through ‘Lemonade’-Tinted GlassesBeyoncé Honors Prince as ‘Formation’ Tour Kicks Off in MiamiWarsan Shire, the Woman Who Gave Poetry to Beyoncé’s ‘Lemonade’Obama Lobbies for an Appreciation of His LegacyBernie Sanders, Shifting Tone, Takes On Democratic PartyTed Cruz’s ‘Alliance’ With John Kasich Hits New Low PointWords Can Never Hurt Me? Bah!A New Shoe Brand That Puts (Extreme) Comfort FirstThe Whitney’s Got a Bag of Its OwnQ. and A. With Jason Bateman: A True Child of Hollywood‘Ghostbusters’: Then and NowJodie Foster Is Still Afraid of FailureStreet Homelessness Fell 12% in New York City, Survey FindsRoutine Parts of de Blasio’s Day Aren’t Routine as Inquiries SwirlWhy Mayor de Blasio Is Facing So Many InvestigationsRams Select Jared Goff With No. 1 Pick in N.F.L. DraftN.F.L. Draft: Sometimes You Get Manning, Sometimes Ryan LeafManning or Leaf? A Lesson in IntangiblesBroadway Shows Get the Point! Again!Review: ‘Long Day’s Journey Into Night’ Is a Tempest in a Bourbon BottleAfter #OscarsSoWhite, Broadway Seeks a #TonysSoDiverseLizards, Too, May Sleep in StagesThis Is Your Brain on PodcastsTexting and Driving? Watch Out for the TextalyzerRobert Linton, Steadfast ’80s Wall Street Banker, Dies at 90Winston Hill, Durable Lineman for ’69 Champion Jets, Is Dead at 74Ozzie Silna, Savvy A.B.A Owner Who Got Rich Off the N.B.A., Dies at 83Review: ‘Special Correspondents’ Stars a Fumbling Ricky GervaisThe Cast of ‘The Good Wife’ on Favorite Moments From the Show‘Empire’ Season 2, Episode 15: Reality Sets InFor Some, Weight Loss Means the Start of a Whole New LifeWhen the Patient Won’t Ever Get BetterSmokers Urged to Switch to E-Cigarettes by British Medical GroupTracing F. Scott Fitzgerald’s Minnesota RootsBangkok’s River of KingsLending a Library a Hand in Colorado‘The Bad-Ass Librarians of Timbuktu,’ by Joshua HammerReview: Graham Swift’s ‘Mothering Sunday,’ a Haunting Day Forever RelivedBookshelf: BaseballUniversity of California, Davis, Chancellor Is Removed From PostYale Defies Calls to Rename Calhoun CollegeMaurice Kenny, Who Explored His Mohawk Heritage in Poetry, Dies at 86Russian Dumplings, Like Grandma’s, at Two Village SpotsJust Beaujolais and Chenin Blanc (and That Could Be Enough)Art Smith, Chef to Stars, Turns to His Neglected HometownRace and the Standardized Testing WarsGeorgetown and the Sin of SlaveryTempest in a ToiletArianna Huffington’s Sleep Revolution Starts at HomeAlongside Katz’s Pastrami, Luxury CondosInsert a Gym, Then a Lounge: Older Buildings Add AmenitiesWhy Is Productivity So Weak? Three TheoriesDonald Trump Doesn’t Need Indiana AnymoreThe ‘Women’s Card’? We Measured, and It’s Not Worth MuchShould a Friend Have Been Told That His Date Was H.I.V. Positive?Judge John Hodgman on the Harsh Politics of YahtzeeThe Best Sandwich EverTexting and Driving? Watch Out for the TextalyzerVideo Review: After Some Mud Wrestling, the Best S.U.V.s EmergeVW Chief ‘Personally’ Apologized to Obama Over CheatingA Mod Little Birdhouse, and a Huge Pigeon ProjectIn a Berlin Gallery, Art Critiques ItselfA New Shoe Brand That Puts (Extreme) Comfort First‘Becoming Irrelevant’: My Recent Adventures With TrumpGood, Bad and Mad: Inside the News with Andrew RosenthalNicholas Kristof: Three Decades of International ReportingReal Estate »When an Expansion Dream Fizzles, Brooklyn CallsMore Articles in the SeriesSearch for Homes for Sale or RentSell Your HomeSoHo: Chic Stores and CobblestonesMore Articles in the SeriesSite Index The New York Times","h3":"CrosswordInsiderNewsOpinionArtsLivingListings \u0026 MoreSubscribe",".snippet":"","h4":"CHaos in iraqIraq MemoPro FootballElection 2016First DraftThe UpshotFrom the MagazineThe Money IssueEditorialeditor’s picksWhat I LoveEatHealth Care ReformNew York Politicsmost popularPhys EdThe upshotThe UpshotChinese PolicyBeyoncé\u0027s World TourMusicTelevisionThe EnvironmentEditorialBina ShahEditorial ObserverMore in OpinionTaking NoteColumnists »Charles M. BlowGail CollinsRoss DouthatNicholas KristofThursday, April 28, 2016Art \u0026 DesignOpinionBusiness DayOpinionTheaterTimes InsiderAmericasOpinionTechnologyOpinionMusicMagazineWorld »Iraq MemoBusiness Day »Opinion »Op-Ed ContributorEditorialOp-Ed ColumnistU.S. »Technology »State of the ArtTech FixArts »Politics »WASHINGTON MEMOFirst DraftFirst DraftFashion \u0026 Style »Social Q’sFeeling ForMovies »SnapshotNew York »Sports »Retro ReportTheater »Science »TrilobitesObituaries »Television »EmpireHealth »WellWellTravel »FootstepsPersonal JourneysBooks »Books of The TimesChildren’s BooksEducation »Food »Hungry CityThe PourSunday Review »News AnalysisEditorialOp-Ed ColumnistReal Estate »What I LoveThe Upshot »Economic MysteryThe 2016 RaceThe 2016 RaceMagazine »The EthicistJudge John HodgmanEatAutomobiles »DrivenT Magazine »Feeling ForTimes Insider »Insider PodcastsFeatured EventThe HuntLiving In","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"MAR APR MAY 29 2015 2016 2017 39,668 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16 Close HelpMAR APR MAY 29 2015 2016 2017MAR APR MAY292015 2016 201739,668 captures 12 Nov 96 - 3 Sep 16","article":"Iraq Memo Reviving an Old Idea for an Iraq Still in Turmoil: Splitting It Up Almost two years after the Islamic State swept through northern Iraq, the political system is in deep dysfunction. With Kurds, Shiites and Sunnis fighting for control, some are looking to partition as the remedy.Syria’s divided city of Aleppo plunged back into the kind of all-out war not seen in months. A hospital assisted by Doctors Without Borders was struck in a government airstrike, killing dozens, and rebels retaliated with deadly mortar strikes.The stage was set for the first round of the N.F.L. draft in Chicago. Kena Krutsinger/Getty Images N.F.L. Draft Live: A Night of Second-Guessing Follow our journalists for live updates and analysis as N.F.L. franchises possibly make or break their futures. The Rams, who have not had a winning season since 2003, chose Goff in hopes of making a splash in their return to Southern California.Goff’s selection with the first pick underlines the league’s focus on the passing game over the running game. Jared Goff threw for 4,719 yards, 43 touchdowns and 13 interceptions last year in the competitive Pacific-12 Conference. Ryan Kang/Associated Press The selection of the quarterback from California is the latest move by a team trying to re-establish itself in Southern California after two decades in St. Louis. 24m agoSenator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, is among several candidates who need ticket-splitting voters. Doug Mills/The New York Times Wary About Trump, Republicans Put Hope in Split Tickets Republicans in swing states hope voters will embrace them even if they reject Donald J. Trump. But ticket-splitting voters in federal races have become increasingly rare.First Draft John Boehner described Ted Cruz as “Lucifer in the flesh.” John A. Boehner walked through the Capitol Building near the end of his time as speaker of the House last October. Zach Gibson/The New York Times During a forum at Stanford University in which he discussed the presidential election and his time in office, former House Speaker John A. Boehner’s harshest assessment was saved for Senator Ted Cruz, who he has not forgiven for spearheading the 2013 government shutdown.The Upshot We measured what Donald Trump called “the women’s card.” It’s not worth much. Perhaps Donald Trump is playing the men’s card: The U.S. is positioned between Greece and Bangladesh in one metric of women’s success in politics.Chris Wallace, right, interviewing Paul Manafort, Donald Trump’s campaign chief. Mr. Wallace pressed Mr. Manafort on his lobbying work for a Filipino dictator and his description of Mr. Trump as playing a “part.” Drew Angerer for The New York Times No Target Is Off Limits for Fox’s Contrarian As Fox News grapples with how to cover Mr. Trump, Chris Wallace has been willing to irritate the candidate and even his own colleagues.President Barack Obama Katy Grannan for The New York Times The Money Issue President Obama Weighs His Economic Legacy Unemployment is at 5 percent, deficits are down and G.D.P. is growing. Why do so many voters feel left behind? In conversations with our writer, the president offered a theory.Editorial Dark Money and an I.R.S. Blindfold Rep. Peter Roskam Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Associated Press A bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns. 3h agoJulianna Margulies flanked by the creators of “The Good Wife,” Robert and Michelle King. The CBS television series is coming to an end after seven seasons. Jesse Dittmar for The New York Times Closing Arguments for ‘The Good Wife’ As the CBS drama ends, Julianna Margulies and the show’s creators discuss their journey, and the scarcity of network serialized dramas.Damon Winter/The New York Times What I Love Arianna Huffington’s Sleep Revolution Starts at Home In her Manhattan apartment, the media mogul practices what she preaches: a good night’s sleep.A hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home. Davide Luciano for The New York Times Eat The Best Sandwich Ever A hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home. It is a beautiful torpedo of food — crunchy, silken, sweet and spicy all at once, writes Sam Sifton.Nathan Wilkes and his son, Thomas, who has hemophilia, in Englewood, Colo. Mr. Wilkes said that years of struggling to get care for his son had made him an advocate of universal coverage. Theo Stroomer for The New York Times Colorado Weighs Alternative to Affordable Care Act A ballot measure has put conservative critics in the unusual position of defending President Obama’s health policy against an assault from the left.D. Alexandra Dyer outside her office at the Healing Arts Initiative in Queens, where she is executive director. Ms. Dyer was the victim of a chemical attack in August. Christian Hansen for The New York Times After Questions About Charity’s Missing Funds, a Vicious Attack A three-year drama involving accusations of embezzlement, a cover-up and collusion at a New York nonprofit had a terrifying climax: a lye attack on a Queens street, and three arrests.Mayor Bill de Blasio is involved in five separate inquiries, involving at least six different federal, state and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies. Victor J. Blue for The New York Times Why Mayor de Blasio Is Facing So Many Investigations In recent weeks, no fewer than five separate investigations involving Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York have come to light. At the heart of each of them is money.iStock Phys Ed The Health Benefits of a Minute Sixty seconds of intense exercise provided the benefits of three-quarters of an hour of moderate cycling.Construction workers in Manhattan this month. Damon Winter/The New York Times The Upshot In Jobs Rebound, a Mystery: What Is Everybody Doing? Actual economic output is merely moving in lock step with the number of hours people work, rather than rising as it has throughout modern history.An event by Greenpeace addressing climate change in Beijing, the capital, in 2009. The law subjects foreign groups to oversight by the police. Elizabeth Dalziel/Associated Press Clampdown in China Restricts 7,000 Foreign Organizations The new law is aimed at limiting the work of foreign nongovernmental organizations and their local partners, mainly through police supervision.Beyoncé kicked off her “Formation” World Tour at Marlins Park in Miami on Wednesday. The New York Times Review: Beyoncé on Tour, Through ‘Lemonade’-Tinted Glasses The opening night of the “Formation” World Tour followed the arc of her new album, evoking a funeral at the beginning and a baptism at the end.The Woman Who Gave Poetry to ‘Lemonade\u0027 Warsan Shire, whose poetry was adapted for Beyoncé‘s visual album “Lemonade.” In 2014, she was appointed the first Young Poet Laureate of London. Amaal Said Warsan Shire’s previously published verse forms the backbone of the album.What happens when four Times writers sit down to discuss Beyoncé? Beyoncé released her new album “Lemonade” which focuses on marital strife and, eventually, reconciliation. via Parkwood Entertainment In a conversation, writers for The New York Times put this superstar’s latest effort into a context wider than just the music.3 Tied to San Bernardino Gunman Are Indicted The investigation into the San Bernardino massacre produced criminal charges on Thursday against three people tied to one of the gunmen, Syed Rizwan Farook.Tom Petty, left, and Prince honoring George Harrison at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in New York in March 2004. Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images The Day Prince’s Guitar Wept the Loudest Musicians recall the night in March 2004 when Prince, Tom Petty and others performed at the induction of George Harrison into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.What’s on TV Thursday Eddie Huang and Marcia Douglas in “Huang’s World.” Vice Eddie Huang seeks out culture in “Huang’s World.” Amy Schumer gets close to Liam Neeson. And Joel McHale and Jim Rash reunite on “Lip Sync Battle.”A man took a selfie with a dead whale that washed up on the shore at Lower Trestles, a mile south of San Clemente, Calif., on Sunday. Fred Swegles/The Orange County Register, via Associated Press How Do You Move a 70,000-Pound (Dead) Whale? We talked to the experts so you don’t have to. (Safety tip: Hold the explosives.)Rep. Peter Roskam Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Associated Press Editorial Dark Money and an I.R.S. Blindfold A bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns.Adam Ferguson for The New York Times Bina Shah What the West Gets Wrong Defeating cruelty requires a homegrown agenda.Cuban-Americans arriving from Miami are reunited with family at the airport in Havana. Desmond Boylan/Associated Press Editorial Observer Returning to Their Cuban Roots Young Cuban-Americans try to bridge generational and geographical gaps.Ted Cruz. Mark Makela for The New York Times Taking Note The Most Creative Descriptions of Cruz People who know Mr. Cruz have found very inventive ways of expressing their hatred for him.Charles M. Blow Bernie Sanders’s Legacy It’s over, but the cause lives. The issues his campaign has raised are likely to resonate with the progressive left for decades, if not forever.Gail Collins Trump Deals the Woman Card He doesn’t get that Hillary Clinton has spent her life championing women and their issues.Ross Douthat Trump and the Madness of Crowds We thought primary voters cared about ideology and electability. Were we wrong?Nicholas Kristof Candidates, Let’s Talk About Women’s Health A crucial issue — a matter of life or death — is missing from the presidential race.Your Evening Briefing Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.Crossword Play Today\u0027s PuzzleInsider ‘Becoming Irrelevant’: My Recent Adventures With TrumpVideo PlayerArt \u0026 Design Lights, Pigeons, Action! A mass performance piece — an avian-powered light show at the Brooklyn Navy Yard — is an artist’s valentine to the vanishing world of rooftop pigeon fanciers.Opinion Is Google a Harmful Monopoly? Room for Debate asks whether it is right for European regulators to charge the company with antitrust violations.Business Day Creator of the Iconic Mister Softee Jingle Dies Les Waas’s jingle, a herald of the ice cream man, is the embodiment of an earworm: once heard, never forgotten. Mr. Waas was 94.Opinion Editorial: Fat Profits, Lean Wages The fast-food giant has done well for its executives and shareholders, at the expense of most of its workers and the taxpayers.Theater For Tonys, a Chance to Champion Diversity The Tony nominations will be announced on Tuesday, and it’s possible that more African-American actors than ever will be among those chosen.Times Insider You’ve Read the Obits, Now See the Movie Margalit Fox, a Times obituary writer, on the genesis of the recently-released documentary that chronicled life on the “dead beat.”Americas ‘We Were Children Waiting for Our Deaths’ Mélida, above, is one of thousands of guerrilla fighters who were raised during the half-century of conflict in Colombia. Now they face a future for which they are unprepared.Opinion Bittner: East vs. West in the Arctic Circle Is the North Pole the latest Russia-NATO battleground?Technology iPhone Is No Longer a Status Symbol in China Apple’s second-quarter earnings show how hard it can be to keep the attention of the country’s fickle and increasingly hard-to-impress consumers.Opinion Ogunlesi: Will Nigeria’s New Capital Be Old Soon? Gleaming Abuja starts to feel more like teeming Lagos.Music Brian Eno: Ambient Sounds, but Political, Too The producer and musician discusses how he meshed music and words on his new album to evoke time, death and the tragic hubris of powerful men.Magazine Where Did the Government Jobs Go? The public sector’s slow decimation is one of the unheralded reasons that the middle class has shrunk as the ranks of the poor and the rich have swollen in the post-recession years.Iraq Memo With Iraq Mired in Turmoil, Some Call for Partitioning the Country The political system is malfunctioning as Kurds, Shiites and Sunnis fight to control a nation that might be better off if split among them, some experts say.A Former Girl Soldier in Colombia Finds ‘Life Is Hard’ as a Civilian Charting a future for thousands of young rebel fighters like Mélida is vital to the success of any deal to end 50 years of armed conflict, analysts say.Obama-Netanyahu Rift Impedes U.S. Offer of Record Aid Deal for Israel President Obama has proposed the largest package of military aid ever provided by the United States, but Israel has insisted on more generous terms.Chris Wallace, In-House Moderate at Fox News, Has Less Predictable Targets At a tricky moment for Fox, Mr. Wallace has been allowed leeway, even including criticizing his own network.Amazon’s Cloud Business Lifts Its Profit to a Record Shares rose 12 percent after the company reported net income of $513 million, in contrast to last year’s loss of $57 million.Unpaid Annual Taxes Rise to $458 Billion, I.R.S. Reports The agency attributed the increase to better estimates, but Senator Orrin G. Hatch called for it “to get smarter about guaranteeing tax compliance.”Op-Ed Contributor The Retreat From Voting Rights In 2013 the North Carolina Legislature enacted voting rules that disproportionately affected black and Latino voters. Now a judge has upheld that law.Editorial Dark Money and an I.R.S. Blindfold A bill under consideration could open the doors for secret foreign contributions to American political campaigns.Op-Ed Columnist Bernie Sanders’s Legacy It’s over, but the cause lives. The issues his campaign has raised are likely to resonate with the progressive left for decades, if not forever.What’s in a Name Change? Politics, Those at George Mason University Fear The planned renaming of a law school after Justice Antonin Scalia is creating worries among faculty and students that the public university is becoming an ideological outpost.National Briefing News and updates from around the country.Costumed Man Shot and Wounded by Police After Baltimore Standoff After a standoff at a television station, police wounded an unidentified man carrying a mock explosive device that included candy bars connected by wires.Amazon’s Cloud Business Lifts Its Profit to a Record Shares rose 12 percent after the company reported net income of $513 million, in contrast to last year’s loss of $57 million.State of the Art Google Shuts Out Competitors on Android? Hardly The European Union is arguing that Google’s mobile operating system does not offer enough diversity of product, but consumers swamped in preloaded apps would disagree.Tech Fix Taking the Stigma Out of Buying Used Electronics Pre-owned products can be purchased with confidence; they are subject to rigorous testing and often come with return policies.Review: ‘Formation’ World Tour, Beyoncé Through ‘Lemonade’-Tinted Glasses The opening night of the tour began something like a funeral and ended very surely at baptism, an arc already familiar from her latest release.Beyoncé Honors Prince as ‘Formation’ Tour Kicks Off in Miami The singer began a 41-date world tour at Marlins Park four days after releasing “Lemonade,” an intensely personal album charting infidelity and scorn.Warsan Shire, the Woman Who Gave Poetry to Beyoncé’s ‘Lemonade’ Ms. Shire’s previously published verse forms the backbone of Beyoncé’s album and its exploration of family, infidelity and the black female body.WASHINGTON MEMO Obama Lobbies for an Appreciation of His Legacy In interviews, the president stresses big achievements without big mistakes. But a low-key approach and public perceptions are hampering him.First Draft Bernie Sanders, Shifting Tone, Takes On Democratic Party The Vermont senator laid out in more detail than usual his views for shaping the Democratic Party’s agenda and the need for elected officials to focus on more progressive politics.First Draft Ted Cruz’s ‘Alliance’ With John Kasich Hits New Low Point An agreement between Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich to each focus on certain states, in an effort to stop Donald Trump, appears to be in tatters.Social Q’s Words Can Never Hurt Me? Bah! Also, baby matchmaking, a nonstop talker in the office and a tuned-out friend.Feeling For A New Shoe Brand That Puts (Extreme) Comfort First A new line, Hopp, releases shoes with a sleek shape and padded insoles.The Whitney’s Got a Bag of Its Own An evening with the Whitney Museum and Max Mara.Snapshot Q. and A. With Jason Bateman: A True Child of Hollywood Mr. Bateman, who is directing a new movie, “The Family Fang,” discusses performance art, being a child actor, “Arrested Development” and more.‘Ghostbusters’: Then and Now The director and production designer of the new film explain their thinking behind what to change and what to leave alone.Jodie Foster Is Still Afraid of Failure With the coming of her new film, “Money Monster,” Ms. Foster talks about privacy, the desperation to communicate and her ceaseless self-examination.Street Homelessness Fell 12% in New York City, Survey Finds Mayor Bill de Blasio attributed the decrease to progress in moving homeless people into shelters, but advocates have long questioned the count’s credibility.Routine Parts of de Blasio’s Day Aren’t Routine as Inquiries Swirl Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York can’t seem to escape questions about the state and federal fund-raising investigations.Why Mayor de Blasio Is Facing So Many Investigations In recent weeks, no fewer than five separate inquiries involving Mr. de Blasio have come to light. At the heart of each of them is money.Rams Select Jared Goff With No. 1 Pick in N.F.L. Draft The selection of the quarterback from California is the latest move by a team trying to re-establish itself in Southern California after two decades in St. Louis.N.F.L. Draft: Sometimes You Get Manning, Sometimes Ryan Leaf With quarterbacks expected to go 1-2 in this week’s N.F.L. draft, a look at some other times that happened.Retro Report Manning or Leaf? A Lesson in Intangibles The wildly divergent paths of the top two picks in the 1998 N.F.L. draft have become shorthand for the frustrating process of identifying character traits that lead to success.Broadway Shows Get the Point! Again! “On Your Feet!,” “Disaster!” and “Something Rotten!” are among the shows that don’t have much in common onstage but share some notable punctuation.Review: ‘Long Day’s Journey Into Night’ Is a Tempest in a Bourbon Bottle The production, starring Gabriel Byrne, Jessica Lange, Michael Shannon and John Gallagher Jr., features some heavy-weather acting.After #OscarsSoWhite, Broadway Seeks a #TonysSoDiverse The Tony nominations will be announced on Tuesday, and it’s possible that more African-American actors than ever will be among those chosen.Lizards, Too, May Sleep in Stages The bearded dragon shows stages of sleep similar to those in humans and other mammals, suggesting that the stages evolved earlier than scientists thought.Trilobites This Is Your Brain on Podcasts Different people’s brains absorb a compelling story in the roughly the same complicated pattern, using many parts of the brain, researchers found.Texting and Driving? Watch Out for the Textalyzer Policy makers and road safety experts are reaching back to tested strategies: They want to treat distracted driving like drunken driving.Robert Linton, Steadfast ’80s Wall Street Banker, Dies at 90 Mr. Linton’s Drexel firm pioneered the junk bond industry and came to symbolize the era’s “greed is good” mentality, until it was swept into a federal inquiry.Winston Hill, Durable Lineman for ’69 Champion Jets, Is Dead at 74 Hill made eight All-Star teams and protected the blindside of quarterback Joe Namath during the team’s only Super Bowl victory.Ozzie Silna, Savvy A.B.A Owner Who Got Rich Off the N.B.A., Dies at 83 A businessman who made millions off N.B.A. television contracts long after the team he co-owned with his brother, Daniel, was dissolved.Review: ‘Special Correspondents’ Stars a Fumbling Ricky Gervais The movie, on Netflix, also stars Eric Bana and is an adaptation of a French comedy about a radio reporter and his sound engineer.The Cast of ‘The Good Wife’ on Favorite Moments From the Show Christine Baranski, Michael J. Fox, Alan Cumming and others recall favorite scenes for their characters.Empire ‘Empire’ Season 2, Episode 15: Reality Sets In The Lyon family continues to come to terms with Empire’s pending heir and inches closer to regaining control of the company.Well For Some, Weight Loss Means the Start of a Whole New Life For some, true commitment to adopting a healthy change in eating habits means moving to “the place where the magic happened.”Well When the Patient Won’t Ever Get Better There are about 100,000 men and women with chronic critical illness in the United States, and this number is only expected to grow.Smokers Urged to Switch to E-Cigarettes by British Medical Group The Royal College of Physicians summarized the growing body of science on e-cigarettes and found that their benefits far outweigh the potential harms.Footsteps Tracing F. Scott Fitzgerald’s Minnesota Roots St. Paul shaped “The Great Gatsby” and other novels by a writer best known for his time in France.Bangkok’s River of Kings Bangkok’s long-neglected river is returning to its glory days — and remains the heart of the city.Personal Journeys Lending a Library a Hand in Colorado A novelist becomes a HistoriCorps volunteer to help transform a dilapidated Colorado ranch into a live-in library. Safety ropes and hard hats are involved.‘The Bad-Ass Librarians of Timbuktu,’ by Joshua Hammer The story of the man who defied Al Qaeda to protect his nation’s cultural heritage.Books of The Times Review: Graham Swift’s ‘Mothering Sunday,’ a Haunting Day Forever Relived Mr. Swift’s slim new novel about a young maidservant’s coming-of-age features nods and bows to “Downton Abbey” in a story of love, war and loss.Children’s Books Bookshelf: Baseball New picture books include “You Never Heard of Casey Stengel?!”University of California, Davis, Chancellor Is Removed From Post Linda P.B. Katehi was put on administrative leave pending an independent investigation into a number of possible violations.Yale Defies Calls to Rename Calhoun College The residential college, which is named for the white supremacist John C. Calhoun, will keep its name, and the university will open two new residential colleges next year.Maurice Kenny, Who Explored His Mohawk Heritage in Poetry, Dies at 86 Mr. Kenny gave voice in his verse to historical figures of New York State, both white and Native American.Hungry City Russian Dumplings, Like Grandma’s, at Two Village Spots Anton’s Dumplings and Babushka Cafe fill their specialties with care and tradition.The Pour Just Beaujolais and Chenin Blanc (and That Could Be Enough) With its emphasis on two regions, the Freek’s Mill wine list offers a chance to dive deep. But it’s a challenge for those unprepared to take the plunge.Art Smith, Chef to Stars, Turns to His Neglected Hometown The “Top Chef” celebrity has cooked for Oprah Winfrey and two Florida governors. Now he has grand plans to put a poor swath of North Florida to work.News Analysis Race and the Standardized Testing Wars A growing number of minority parents and educators are joining the anti-testing movement.Editorial Georgetown and the Sin of Slavery The university is morally obligated to deliver reparations, including scholarships for descendants of the people it sold.Op-Ed Columnist Tempest in a Toilet If a pee-peeved plutocrat can see the light about transgender people and bathrooms, can’t we all?What I Love Arianna Huffington’s Sleep Revolution Starts at Home In her Manhattan apartment, the media mogul practices what she preaches: A good night’s sleep.Alongside Katz’s Pastrami, Luxury Condos Katz’s Delicatessen sold two properties and its air rights for about $17 million, paving the way for an 11-story condominium.Insert a Gym, Then a Lounge: Older Buildings Add Amenities Older co-op and rental buildings are working to keep up with the offerings in shiny new construction.Economic Mystery Why Is Productivity So Weak? Three Theories The rate of economic output is not increasing much. Or is there work below the surface that will pay big dividends in the future?The 2016 Race Donald Trump Doesn’t Need Indiana Anymore After strong showings in the Northeast, the state no longer looks like a must-win to capture the Republican nomination without a contested convention.The 2016 Race The ‘Women’s Card’? We Measured, and It’s Not Worth Much Perhaps Donald Trump is playing the men’s card: The U.S. is positioned between Greece and Bangladesh in one metric of women’s success in politics.The Ethicist Should a Friend Have Been Told That His Date Was H.I.V. Positive? The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to reveal someone’s H.I.V. status, and when it’s O.K. to accept money from a company with practices you don’t respect.Judge John Hodgman Judge John Hodgman on the Harsh Politics of Yahtzee Children need to learn how to feel the burn of losing.Eat The Best Sandwich Ever A hero shop’s gigantic fried-eggplant sandwich, remade for the home.Texting and Driving? Watch Out for the Textalyzer Policy makers and road safety experts are reaching back to tested strategies: They want to treat distracted driving like drunken driving.Driven Video Review: After Some Mud Wrestling, the Best S.U.V.s Emerge Over two days at this year’s Mudfest in the Pacific Northwest, 26 journalists evaluated 27 vehicles, including crossovers, S.U.V.s and pickups.VW Chief ‘Personally’ Apologized to Obama Over Cheating The automaker said it had set aside about $7.9 billion for legal costs worldwide over its test rigging, less than it faces in the United States alone.A Mod Little Birdhouse, and a Huge Pigeon Project A coop designed by the artist Duke Riley, on sale at tonight’s Creative Time gala, coincides with Riley’s releasing thousands of birds over the East River.In a Berlin Gallery, Art Critiques Itself Alexandre Singh’s play “The School for Objects Criticized AE” comes to Spru?th Magers.Feeling For A New Shoe Brand That Puts (Extreme) Comfort First A new line, Hopp, releases shoes with a sleek shape and padded insoles.‘Becoming Irrelevant’: My Recent Adventures With Trump Two planes, three helicopters and three phone conversations tell us quite a bit about Donald J. Trump.Insider Podcasts Good, Bad and Mad: Inside the News with Andrew Rosenthal Mr. Rosenthal, The Times’s editorial page editor, discusses restrictive voting laws, Donald J. Trump and Prince — among other topics.Featured Event Nicholas Kristof: Three Decades of International Reporting Nicholas Kristof recounted a number of experiences at a recent Times Insider event.The Hunt When an Expansion Dream Fizzles, Brooklyn Calls By JOYCE COHEN Alex Tavis and Ava Volandes Tavantzis wanted to annex the neighbor’s one-bedroom. But he had similar plans.More Articles in the SeriesSearch for Homes for Sale or RentSell Your HomeLiving In SoHo: Chic Stores and Cobblestones By AILEEN JACOBSON The neighborhood of former industrial buildings draws hordes to its stores and galleries, but residents still find a sense of community.More Articles in the Series"},"timeStamp":20160429004328,"articleSource":"http://www.nytimes.com/"}
