{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with director Carl Franklin about his new film Out of Time, starring Denzel Washington as a police chief trying to unravel a murder mystery. See a photo of the director on the set, and learn about his previous turns behind the camera.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Paris Review founder George Plimpton, who carved out his own artistic niche by making literature out of non-literary pursuits, died Thursday at age 76. Listen to an extended interview Plimpton (shown at left in a 1980 photo) gave to NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden in August, and hear more NPR reports.Low-Wage America Series: Maine Restaurant Workers As part of a continuing series of stories on the challenges of a low-wage lifestyle in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles three restaurant workers in Maine who get by on half the state\u0027s minimum wage, plus tips. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people Adams has met.David Printis remembers how much fun learning was while watching Saturday morning television\u0027s Schoolhouse Rock. Now with three kids of his own, \"and lots of homework,\" the music producer has introduced Multiplication Hip Hop, educational sing-along music for a new generation. Hear the \"One Tables\" and other selections.A generation after The Beatles parted ways, the group\u0027s swan songs are being reissued. But this time, the choirs and strings producer Phil Spector added to the album Let It Be have been stripped away. Listen to rare Beatles tracks from the Let It Be sessions, as well as music from other artists originally on the Apple label.There\u0027s just something about a MoonPie. It\u0027s hard to find a Southern country store that doesn\u0027t stock them. There are contests to see how many of the chocolate-covered-graham-cracker-and-marshmallow treats people can eat. NPR\u0027s Melanie Peeples explores the MoonPie phenomenon. See historic photos and hear a song about MoonPies.She was country music royalty, but June Carter Cash never left her Appalachian roots far behind. In her final recording, Wildwood Flower, she reached back to those roots by including several classics written by A.P. Carter and other members of her legendary country music family. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks to her son, John Carter Cash, about the album, which he helped record just before her death in May.Slate political columnist Will Saletan continues his series of reports deconstructing the key phrases of 2004 presidential hopefuls. This time he translates the favorite buzzwords of Democrat Wesley Clark. Explore the entire series, including Saletan\u0027s views on the buzzwords of the nine other Democratic hopefuls and President Bush.Director Charles Burnett\u0027s film Warming By The Devil\u0027s Fire will be featured as one of seven, 90-minute films about blues music that make up the highly anticipated PBS series The Blues. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Burnett about his film and the series. View clips of the film, and learn more about the whole series.A sign in Springfield, Mass., warns young Latinos: \"No Hangear\" -- don\u0027t hang out on this corner. Spanglish -- a cross between Spanish and English -- it seems, is everywhere. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks with Ilan Stavans, author of a new book, Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language. Hear a Spanglish translation of Don Quixote.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG SEP DEC 27 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpAUG SEP DEC 27 2002 2003 2004AUG SEP DEC272002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   Schedule Download Players Audio Help NPR Programming Morning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio Show Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Director Carl Franklin, \u0027Out of Time\u0027 NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with director Carl Franklin about his new film Out of Time, starring Denzel Washington as a police chief trying to unravel a murder mystery. See a photo of the director on the set, and learn about his previous turns behind the camera. Remembering Robert Palmer Stylish \u0027Simply Irresistable\u0027 singer dies of heart attack in Paris. He was 54. Mental Illness in Children Part four of the series notes a jump in diagnosis and treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). NPR Ombudsman Do ombudsmen make a difference in the media world? NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Remembering George Plimpton, American Man of Letters Paris Review founder George Plimpton, who carved out his own artistic niche by making literature out of non-literary pursuits, died Thursday at age 76. Listen to an extended interview Plimpton (shown at left in a 1980 photo) gave to NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden in August, and hear more NPR reports. Low-Wage America Series: Maine Restaurant Workers As part of a continuing series of stories on the challenges of a low-wage lifestyle in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles three restaurant workers in Maine who get by on half the state\u0027s minimum wage, plus tips. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people Adams has met. \u0027Multiplication Hip Hop\u0027: Rapping the Times Tables David Printis remembers how much fun learning was while watching Saturday morning television\u0027s Schoolhouse Rock. Now with three kids of his own, \"and lots of homework,\" the music producer has introduced Multiplication Hip Hop, educational sing-along music for a new generation. Hear the \"One Tables\" and other selections. \u0027The Beatles on Apple Records\u0027 A generation after The Beatles parted ways, the group\u0027s swan songs are being reissued. But this time, the choirs and strings producer Phil Spector added to the album Let It Be have been stripped away. Listen to rare Beatles tracks from the Let It Be sessions, as well as music from other artists originally on the Apple label. The Heavenly Appeal of MoonPies There\u0027s just something about a MoonPie. It\u0027s hard to find a Southern country store that doesn\u0027t stock them. There are contests to see how many of the chocolate-covered-graham-cracker-and-marshmallow treats people can eat. NPR\u0027s Melanie Peeples explores the MoonPie phenomenon. See historic photos and hear a song about MoonPies. June Carter Cash\u0027s \u0027Wildwood Flower\u0027 She was country music royalty, but June Carter Cash never left her Appalachian roots far behind. In her final recording, Wildwood Flower, she reached back to those roots by including several classics written by A.P. Carter and other members of her legendary country music family. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks to her son, John Carter Cash, about the album, which he helped record just before her death in May. Political Buzzwords: Gen. Wesley Clark Slate political columnist Will Saletan continues his series of reports deconstructing the key phrases of 2004 presidential hopefuls. This time he translates the favorite buzzwords of Democrat Wesley Clark. Explore the entire series, including Saletan\u0027s views on the buzzwords of the nine other Democratic hopefuls and President Bush. \u0027Warming By the Devil\u0027s Fire\u0027 Director Charles Burnett\u0027s film Warming By The Devil\u0027s Fire will be featured as one of seven, 90-minute films about blues music that make up the highly anticipated PBS series The Blues. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Burnett about his film and the series. View clips of the film, and learn more about the whole series. \u0027Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language\u0027 A sign in Springfield, Mass., warns young Latinos: \"No Hangear\" -- don\u0027t hang out on this corner. Spanglish -- a cross between Spanish and English -- it seems, is everywhere. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks with Ilan Stavans, author of a new book, Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language. Hear a Spanglish translation of Don Quixote. NPR Hourly News Number of Americans Living in Poverty Rises Battle over \u0027Do-Not-Call\u0027 List Heats Up Powell Sets Time Frame for Iraqi Constitution MORE news Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Books on NPR Movies on NPR Dodging Traffic, and Mortality NPR\u0027s Guy Raz reflects on how close danger can be in Baghdad, and how the simple pleasure of riding a scooter can be a revelation. \u0027Live from Prairie Lights\u0027 Iowa City, Iowa, is home to a first -- a live radio program broadcast from an independent bookstore. Also, assessing the Columbia shuttle disaster from Orlando, making history come alive in Albany, finding America in San Francisco, and public radio\u0027s look at the health of our democracy. MORE stations Oral History of the WASPs This feature was suggested by Gigi, who listens to KPLU in Tacoma, Wash. What Is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027  Beiderbecke Tribute Blues guitarist Geoff Muldaur interprets the music of the legendary cornetist on a new CD.  Shirley Caesar Interview with the gospel singer, who appears in The Fighting Temptations. MORE musicNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   Schedule Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   ScheduleNPR Hourly NewsNPR Program Stream  ScheduleDownload Players Audio HelpNPR Programming Morning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio ShowNPR ProgrammingMorning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio ShowContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Director Carl Franklin, \u0027Out of Time\u0027 NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with director Carl Franklin about his new film Out of Time, starring Denzel Washington as a police chief trying to unravel a murder mystery. See a photo of the director on the set, and learn about his previous turns behind the camera. Remembering Robert Palmer Stylish \u0027Simply Irresistable\u0027 singer dies of heart attack in Paris. He was 54. Mental Illness in Children Part four of the series notes a jump in diagnosis and treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). NPR Ombudsman Do ombudsmen make a difference in the media world? NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Remembering George Plimpton, American Man of Letters Paris Review founder George Plimpton, who carved out his own artistic niche by making literature out of non-literary pursuits, died Thursday at age 76. Listen to an extended interview Plimpton (shown at left in a 1980 photo) gave to NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden in August, and hear more NPR reports. Low-Wage America Series: Maine Restaurant Workers As part of a continuing series of stories on the challenges of a low-wage lifestyle in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles three restaurant workers in Maine who get by on half the state\u0027s minimum wage, plus tips. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people Adams has met. \u0027Multiplication Hip Hop\u0027: Rapping the Times Tables David Printis remembers how much fun learning was while watching Saturday morning television\u0027s Schoolhouse Rock. Now with three kids of his own, \"and lots of homework,\" the music producer has introduced Multiplication Hip Hop, educational sing-along music for a new generation. Hear the \"One Tables\" and other selections. \u0027The Beatles on Apple Records\u0027 A generation after The Beatles parted ways, the group\u0027s swan songs are being reissued. But this time, the choirs and strings producer Phil Spector added to the album Let It Be have been stripped away. Listen to rare Beatles tracks from the Let It Be sessions, as well as music from other artists originally on the Apple label. The Heavenly Appeal of MoonPies There\u0027s just something about a MoonPie. It\u0027s hard to find a Southern country store that doesn\u0027t stock them. There are contests to see how many of the chocolate-covered-graham-cracker-and-marshmallow treats people can eat. NPR\u0027s Melanie Peeples explores the MoonPie phenomenon. See historic photos and hear a song about MoonPies. June Carter Cash\u0027s \u0027Wildwood Flower\u0027 She was country music royalty, but June Carter Cash never left her Appalachian roots far behind. In her final recording, Wildwood Flower, she reached back to those roots by including several classics written by A.P. Carter and other members of her legendary country music family. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks to her son, John Carter Cash, about the album, which he helped record just before her death in May. Political Buzzwords: Gen. Wesley Clark Slate political columnist Will Saletan continues his series of reports deconstructing the key phrases of 2004 presidential hopefuls. This time he translates the favorite buzzwords of Democrat Wesley Clark. Explore the entire series, including Saletan\u0027s views on the buzzwords of the nine other Democratic hopefuls and President Bush. \u0027Warming By the Devil\u0027s Fire\u0027 Director Charles Burnett\u0027s film Warming By The Devil\u0027s Fire will be featured as one of seven, 90-minute films about blues music that make up the highly anticipated PBS series The Blues. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Burnett about his film and the series. View clips of the film, and learn more about the whole series. \u0027Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language\u0027 A sign in Springfield, Mass., warns young Latinos: \"No Hangear\" -- don\u0027t hang out on this corner. Spanglish -- a cross between Spanish and English -- it seems, is everywhere. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks with Ilan Stavans, author of a new book, Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language. Hear a Spanglish translation of Don Quixote.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.Director Carl Franklin, \u0027Out of Time\u0027NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with director Carl Franklin about his new film Out of Time, starring Denzel Washington as a police chief trying to unravel a murder mystery. See a photo of the director on the set, and learn about his previous turns behind the camera.Remembering Robert Palmer Stylish \u0027Simply Irresistable\u0027 singer dies of heart attack in Paris. He was 54. Mental Illness in Children Part four of the series notes a jump in diagnosis and treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). NPR Ombudsman Do ombudsmen make a difference in the media world?NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Remembering George Plimpton, American Man of LettersParis Review founder George Plimpton, who carved out his own artistic niche by making literature out of non-literary pursuits, died Thursday at age 76. Listen to an extended interview Plimpton (shown at left in a 1980 photo) gave to NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden in August, and hear more NPR reports.\u0027Multiplication Hip Hop\u0027: Rapping the Times TablesDavid Printis remembers how much fun learning was while watching Saturday morning television\u0027s Schoolhouse Rock. Now with three kids of his own, \"and lots of homework,\" the music producer has introduced Multiplication Hip Hop, educational sing-along music for a new generation. Hear the \"One Tables\" and other selections.\u0027The Beatles on Apple Records\u0027A generation after The Beatles parted ways, the group\u0027s swan songs are being reissued. But this time, the choirs and strings producer Phil Spector added to the album Let It Be have been stripped away. Listen to rare Beatles tracks from the Let It Be sessions, as well as music from other artists originally on the Apple label.The Heavenly Appeal of MoonPiesThere\u0027s just something about a MoonPie. It\u0027s hard to find a Southern country store that doesn\u0027t stock them. There are contests to see how many of the chocolate-covered-graham-cracker-and-marshmallow treats people can eat. NPR\u0027s Melanie Peeples explores the MoonPie phenomenon. See historic photos and hear a song about MoonPies.June Carter Cash\u0027s \u0027Wildwood Flower\u0027She was country music royalty, but June Carter Cash never left her Appalachian roots far behind. In her final recording, Wildwood Flower, she reached back to those roots by including several classics written by A.P. Carter and other members of her legendary country music family. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks to her son, John Carter Cash, about the album, which he helped record just before her death in May.Political Buzzwords: Gen. Wesley ClarkSlate political columnist Will Saletan continues his series of reports deconstructing the key phrases of 2004 presidential hopefuls. This time he translates the favorite buzzwords of Democrat Wesley Clark. Explore the entire series, including Saletan\u0027s views on the buzzwords of the nine other Democratic hopefuls and President Bush.\u0027Warming By the Devil\u0027s Fire\u0027Director Charles Burnett\u0027s film Warming By The Devil\u0027s Fire will be featured as one of seven, 90-minute films about blues music that make up the highly anticipated PBS series The Blues. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Burnett about his film and the series. View clips of the film, and learn more about the whole series.\u0027Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language\u0027A sign in Springfield, Mass., warns young Latinos: \"No Hangear\" -- don\u0027t hang out on this corner. Spanglish -- a cross between Spanish and English -- it seems, is everywhere. NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards talks with Ilan Stavans, author of a new book, Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language. Hear a Spanglish translation of Don Quixote.NPR Hourly NewsNumber of Americans Living in Poverty RisesBattle over \u0027Do-Not-Call\u0027 List Heats UpPowell Sets Time Frame for Iraqi ConstitutionMost E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Books on NPR Movies on NPRDodging Traffic, and Mortality NPR\u0027s Guy Raz reflects on how close danger can be in Baghdad, and how the simple pleasure of riding a scooter can be a revelation.\u0027Live from Prairie Lights\u0027 Iowa City, Iowa, is home to a first -- a live radio program broadcast from an independent bookstore. Also, assessing the Columbia shuttle disaster from Orlando, making history come alive in Albany, finding America in San Francisco, and public radio\u0027s look at the health of our democracy. MORE stationsOral History of the WASPs This feature was suggested by Gigi, who listens to KPLU in Tacoma, Wash. What Is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Beiderbecke Tribute Blues guitarist Geoff Muldaur interprets the music of the legendary cornetist on a new CD.  Shirley Caesar Interview with the gospel singer, who appears in The Fighting Temptations. MORE music","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":8,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":18,"second":21},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
