{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.One Town, One Job: Low-Wage America In the final part of a series of stories on the challenges of getting by on a low-wage job in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles Marzs Mata, a Detroit woman who doesn\u0027t have a car, can\u0027t afford to live near her job, and spends about five hours a day getting to and from work. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people profiled.\u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Read a Personal Blog? What would you do if you stumbled across a friend\u0027s very personal Web log? Should you stop reading subsequent entries out of respect for her privacy? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma and others in his latest appearance on All Things Considered.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.NPR\u0027s Emily Harris reports from the former East German city of Leipzig, where city officials are battling a Nobel Prize-winning scientist over a proposal to build a church at the site where a 700-year-old Gothic cathedral was destroyed by communists in 1968. See a video of the destruction and the church plaza today.Need some suggestions for summer reading? You can find the right book with help from NPR: » Eden Ross Lipson on \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 » Children\u0027s books from \u0027Talk of the Nation\u0027 » Selections from NPR member stations » Recommendations from NPR personalitiesScientists at the National Institutes of Health are attempting the first test of an HIV vaccine that could stop the global spread of AIDS. But as NPR\u0027s Joe Palca reports, finding volunteers willing to get innoculated with an unproven and possibly harmful vaccine is proving difficult. Learn more about the vaccine program.San Francisco re-opens its restored Ferry Building, the landmark that symbolized the city before the Golden Gate Bridge was built. NPR\u0027s John McChesney reports on the building\u0027s design for All Things Considered. See a photo gallery of the Ferry Building and its famed clock tower (left).For nearly three decades, Kim Wilson has been the voice and soul of the Texas band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. He\u0027s also an accomplished solo recording artist, and in the minds of many people, the greatest harmonica player performing today. His new CD is entitled Lookin\u0027 for Trouble. Wilson joins NPR\u0027s Scott Simon for a chat about his craft.As a \"thank you\" to all of her loyal listeners over the last 20 years of The Thistle \u0026 Shamrock, host Fiona Ritchie got together with show favorite Dougie MacLean to record an MP3 version of Dougie\u0027s song \"This Love Will Carry.\" It\u0027s free, and can be downloaded from the Thistle \u0026 Shamrock Web site.Support for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"APR JUN JUL 23 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpAPR JUN JUL 23 2002 2003 2004APR JUN JUL232002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. One Town, One Job: Low-Wage America In the final part of a series of stories on the challenges of getting by on a low-wage job in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles Marzs Mata, a Detroit woman who doesn\u0027t have a car, can\u0027t afford to live near her job, and spends about five hours a day getting to and from work. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people profiled. \u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Read a Personal Blog? What would you do if you stumbled across a friend\u0027s very personal Web log? Should you stop reading subsequent entries out of respect for her privacy? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma and others in his latest appearance on All Things Considered. Reduced Shakespeare Company Theater troupe presents a two-minute version of \"All the Great Books (Abridged).\" Spyware Exposed Stealth software programs track Web-users\u0027 habits. Harry Potter and the Pitfalls of Success The Motley Fool Radio Show and NPR look at the pros and cons of the boy wizard\u0027s publishing empire. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. The Perils of Paulinerkirche NPR\u0027s Emily Harris reports from the former East German city of Leipzig, where city officials are battling a Nobel Prize-winning scientist over a proposal to build a church at the site where a 700-year-old Gothic cathedral was destroyed by communists in 1968. See a video of the destruction and the church plaza today. Summer Reading with NPR Need some suggestions for summer reading? You can find the right book with help from NPR: » Eden Ross Lipson on \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 » Children\u0027s books from \u0027Talk of the Nation\u0027 » Selections from NPR member stations » Recommendations from NPR personalities Looking for HIV Vaccine Volunteers Scientists at the National Institutes of Health are attempting the first test of an HIV vaccine that could stop the global spread of AIDS. But as NPR\u0027s Joe Palca reports, finding volunteers willing to get innoculated with an unproven and possibly harmful vaccine is proving difficult. Learn more about the vaccine program. San Francisco\u0027s Ferry Building San Francisco re-opens its restored Ferry Building, the landmark that symbolized the city before the Golden Gate Bridge was built. NPR\u0027s John McChesney reports on the building\u0027s design for All Things Considered. See a photo gallery of the Ferry Building and its famed clock tower (left). The Fabulous Kim Wilson For nearly three decades, Kim Wilson has been the voice and soul of the Texas band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. He\u0027s also an accomplished solo recording artist, and in the minds of many people, the greatest harmonica player performing today. His new CD is entitled Lookin\u0027 for Trouble. Wilson joins NPR\u0027s Scott Simon for a chat about his craft. A Special Gift from Fiona Ritchie As a \"thank you\" to all of her loyal listeners over the last 20 years of The Thistle \u0026 Shamrock, host Fiona Ritchie got together with show favorite Dougie MacLean to record an MP3 version of Dougie\u0027s song \"This Love Will Carry.\" It\u0027s free, and can be downloaded from the Thistle \u0026 Shamrock Web site. NPR Hourly News Search for Saddam Intensifies Israel, Palestinians Urged to Move Ahead on Peace Plan Firefighters Work to Contain Arizona Wildfire more news... \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New music: Taj Mahal, the Polyphonic Spree, Lisa Germano, more. Gay Pop Music Albums reflect emergence of the gay civil rights movement. Lizz Wright Interview: The young jazz singer\u0027s debut CD is titled Salt.  Kaki King Review: Everybody Loves You, the debut CD from this young acoustic rock guitarist. Comatose Child This feature was suggested by Amy, who listens to WUKY in Lexington, Kentucky. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts \u0027Fresh Air\u0027 Commentaries \u0027All Things Considered\u0027 CommentariesNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. One Town, One Job: Low-Wage America In the final part of a series of stories on the challenges of getting by on a low-wage job in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles Marzs Mata, a Detroit woman who doesn\u0027t have a car, can\u0027t afford to live near her job, and spends about five hours a day getting to and from work. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people profiled. \u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Read a Personal Blog? What would you do if you stumbled across a friend\u0027s very personal Web log? Should you stop reading subsequent entries out of respect for her privacy? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma and others in his latest appearance on All Things Considered. Reduced Shakespeare Company Theater troupe presents a two-minute version of \"All the Great Books (Abridged).\" Spyware Exposed Stealth software programs track Web-users\u0027 habits. Harry Potter and the Pitfalls of Success The Motley Fool Radio Show and NPR look at the pros and cons of the boy wizard\u0027s publishing empire. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. The Perils of Paulinerkirche NPR\u0027s Emily Harris reports from the former East German city of Leipzig, where city officials are battling a Nobel Prize-winning scientist over a proposal to build a church at the site where a 700-year-old Gothic cathedral was destroyed by communists in 1968. See a video of the destruction and the church plaza today. Summer Reading with NPR Need some suggestions for summer reading? You can find the right book with help from NPR: » Eden Ross Lipson on \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 » Children\u0027s books from \u0027Talk of the Nation\u0027 » Selections from NPR member stations » Recommendations from NPR personalities Looking for HIV Vaccine Volunteers Scientists at the National Institutes of Health are attempting the first test of an HIV vaccine that could stop the global spread of AIDS. But as NPR\u0027s Joe Palca reports, finding volunteers willing to get innoculated with an unproven and possibly harmful vaccine is proving difficult. Learn more about the vaccine program. San Francisco\u0027s Ferry Building San Francisco re-opens its restored Ferry Building, the landmark that symbolized the city before the Golden Gate Bridge was built. NPR\u0027s John McChesney reports on the building\u0027s design for All Things Considered. See a photo gallery of the Ferry Building and its famed clock tower (left). The Fabulous Kim Wilson For nearly three decades, Kim Wilson has been the voice and soul of the Texas band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. He\u0027s also an accomplished solo recording artist, and in the minds of many people, the greatest harmonica player performing today. His new CD is entitled Lookin\u0027 for Trouble. Wilson joins NPR\u0027s Scott Simon for a chat about his craft. A Special Gift from Fiona Ritchie As a \"thank you\" to all of her loyal listeners over the last 20 years of The Thistle \u0026 Shamrock, host Fiona Ritchie got together with show favorite Dougie MacLean to record an MP3 version of Dougie\u0027s song \"This Love Will Carry.\" It\u0027s free, and can be downloaded from the Thistle \u0026 Shamrock Web site.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.One Town, One Job: Low-Wage America In the final part of a series of stories on the challenges of getting by on a low-wage job in America, NPR\u0027s Noah Adams profiles Marzs Mata, a Detroit woman who doesn\u0027t have a car, can\u0027t afford to live near her job, and spends about five hours a day getting to and from work. Listen to other worker profiles, and see photos of the people profiled.\u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Read a Personal Blog? What would you do if you stumbled across a friend\u0027s very personal Web log? Should you stop reading subsequent entries out of respect for her privacy? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma and others in his latest appearance on All Things Considered.Reduced Shakespeare Company Theater troupe presents a two-minute version of \"All the Great Books (Abridged).\" Spyware Exposed Stealth software programs track Web-users\u0027 habits. Harry Potter and the Pitfalls of Success The Motley Fool Radio Show and NPR look at the pros and cons of the boy wizard\u0027s publishing empire.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.The Perils of PaulinerkircheNPR\u0027s Emily Harris reports from the former East German city of Leipzig, where city officials are battling a Nobel Prize-winning scientist over a proposal to build a church at the site where a 700-year-old Gothic cathedral was destroyed by communists in 1968. See a video of the destruction and the church plaza today.Summer Reading with NPRNeed some suggestions for summer reading? You can find the right book with help from NPR: » Eden Ross Lipson on \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 » Children\u0027s books from \u0027Talk of the Nation\u0027 » Selections from NPR member stations » Recommendations from NPR personalitiesLooking for HIV Vaccine VolunteersScientists at the National Institutes of Health are attempting the first test of an HIV vaccine that could stop the global spread of AIDS. But as NPR\u0027s Joe Palca reports, finding volunteers willing to get innoculated with an unproven and possibly harmful vaccine is proving difficult. Learn more about the vaccine program.San Francisco\u0027s Ferry BuildingSan Francisco re-opens its restored Ferry Building, the landmark that symbolized the city before the Golden Gate Bridge was built. NPR\u0027s John McChesney reports on the building\u0027s design for All Things Considered. See a photo gallery of the Ferry Building and its famed clock tower (left).The Fabulous Kim WilsonFor nearly three decades, Kim Wilson has been the voice and soul of the Texas band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. He\u0027s also an accomplished solo recording artist, and in the minds of many people, the greatest harmonica player performing today. His new CD is entitled Lookin\u0027 for Trouble. Wilson joins NPR\u0027s Scott Simon for a chat about his craft.A Special Gift from Fiona RitchieAs a \"thank you\" to all of her loyal listeners over the last 20 years of The Thistle \u0026 Shamrock, host Fiona Ritchie got together with show favorite Dougie MacLean to record an MP3 version of Dougie\u0027s song \"This Love Will Carry.\" It\u0027s free, and can be downloaded from the Thistle \u0026 Shamrock Web site.NPR Hourly NewsSearch for Saddam IntensifiesIsrael, Palestinians Urged to Move Ahead on Peace PlanFirefighters Work to Contain Arizona Wildfire\u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New music: Taj Mahal, the Polyphonic Spree, Lisa Germano, more. Gay Pop Music Albums reflect emergence of the gay civil rights movement. Lizz Wright Interview: The young jazz singer\u0027s debut CD is titled Salt.  Kaki King Review: Everybody Loves You, the debut CD from this young acoustic rock guitarist.Comatose Child This feature was suggested by Amy, who listens to WUKY in Lexington, Kentucky. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts \u0027Fresh Air\u0027 Commentaries \u0027All Things Considered\u0027 CommentariesSupport for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":5,"dayOfMonth":30,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":29,"second":26},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
