{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.Mule Joins List of Cloned Animals Scientists in Idaho have produced the world\u0027s first cloned mule. Born May 4, Idaho Gem is the brother of a champion racing mule, Taz. Some in the racing industry are betting on cloning to provide a way to reproduce champion mules -- and horses. See photos of Idaho Gem and Taz.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.On Bob Hope\u0027s 100th birthday, NPR\u0027s Susan Stamberg looks back at the man who entertained audiences for nearly every decade of the 20th century in a career spanning stage, radio, movies and television. See historic photos of Hope and hear samples of his comedy and music.Europeans sought the riches of Timbuktu for centuries. The wealth has long since disappeared, and a fragile culture is left behind. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick travels to the legendary city, and then far into the great Sahara for a glimpse of an ancient camel caravan culture. See photos and video online, and hear the music of a desert people.A Summer Reading List A wisecracking bounty hunter, an exhumed corpse, a famous first lady and an even better-known boy wizard -- they\u0027re just a few of the characters you can meet this summer between the pages of a book. Talk of the Nation host Neal Conan discusses with a panel of literary experts this summer\u0027s best reads. View the list for summer reading suggestions.Tracking SARS Outbreaks Known as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, the highly contagious pneumonia-like disease first emerged in China but has now infected nearly 8,000 people worldwide. » NPR\u0027s Joe Palca: Dealing with SARS risk » SARS timeline » SARS factsheetAs Al Gore\u0027s 2000 running mate, it might seem natural for Sen. Joseph Lieberman to try to distance himself from former President Clinton. But in a Morning Edition interview the Connecticut Democrat -- seeking the top of the ticket in 2004 -- doesn\u0027t hesitate to hail the former president\u0027s record. Hear an extended version of Lieberman\u0027s interview with NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards.It\u0027s hard to imagine a graduation ceremony without Pomp and Circumstance. Music commentator Miles Hoffman stops by Morning Edition to explore the famous processional, which was composed by Sir Edward Elgar (left), and other marches of the season.Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex.NPR News: Beyond the War in Iraq » Marines Come Home » Revenge Against the Baath Party » Kirkuk Council Assembled Amid Tensions » Frustrating Hunt for Weapons of Mass Destruction Toppling a statue of Saddam at the end of the war in Iraq. Reuters © 2003Support for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"APR MAY JUL 30 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpAPR MAY JUL 30 2002 2003 2004APR MAY JUL302002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Mule Joins List of Cloned Animals Scientists in Idaho have produced the world\u0027s first cloned mule. Born May 4, Idaho Gem is the brother of a champion racing mule, Taz. Some in the racing industry are betting on cloning to provide a way to reproduce champion mules -- and horses. See photos of Idaho Gem and Taz. Commentary: Stay-at-Home-Moms Danielle Crittenden notes a return to the past. Probability Mathematician Keith Devlin on games of chance. The Importance of Being Lazy The virtues of laziness. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. Bob Hope: 100 Years of Memories On Bob Hope\u0027s 100th birthday, NPR\u0027s Susan Stamberg looks back at the man who entertained audiences for nearly every decade of the 20th century in a career spanning stage, radio, movies and television. See historic photos of Hope and hear samples of his comedy and music. Radio Expeditions:Timbuktu Europeans sought the riches of Timbuktu for centuries. The wealth has long since disappeared, and a fragile culture is left behind. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick travels to the legendary city, and then far into the great Sahara for a glimpse of an ancient camel caravan culture. See photos and video online, and hear the music of a desert people. A Summer Reading List A wisecracking bounty hunter, an exhumed corpse, a famous first lady and an even better-known boy wizard -- they\u0027re just a few of the characters you can meet this summer between the pages of a book. Talk of the Nation host Neal Conan discusses with a panel of literary experts this summer\u0027s best reads. View the list for summer reading suggestions. Tracking SARS Outbreaks Known as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, the highly contagious pneumonia-like disease first emerged in China but has now infected nearly 8,000 people worldwide. » NPR\u0027s Joe Palca: Dealing with SARS risk » SARS timeline » SARS factsheet The Candidates: Sen. Joe Lieberman As Al Gore\u0027s 2000 running mate, it might seem natural for Sen. Joseph Lieberman to try to distance himself from former President Clinton. But in a Morning Edition interview the Connecticut Democrat -- seeking the top of the ticket in 2004 -- doesn\u0027t hesitate to hail the former president\u0027s record. Hear an extended version of Lieberman\u0027s interview with NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards. Pomp and Circumstance It\u0027s hard to imagine a graduation ceremony without Pomp and Circumstance. Music commentator Miles Hoffman stops by Morning Edition to explore the famous processional, which was composed by Sir Edward Elgar (left), and other marches of the season. The Return of Summer Movies Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex. NPR News: Beyond the War in Iraq » Marines Come Home » Revenge Against the Baath Party » Kirkuk Council Assembled Amid Tensions » Frustrating Hunt for Weapons of Mass Destruction Toppling a statue of Saddam at the end of the war in Iraq. Reuters © 2003 NPR Hourly News Iraqi Medical Facilities Run Short of Medicine SARS Scare at Toronto School Leads to Quarantine Sharon, Abbas Discuss Mideast \u0027Road Map\u0027 to Peace more news... \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New show: \u002760s pop group Love, newcomer Damien Rice, Sir Simon Rattle\u0027s Beethoven symphonies, more.  Terry/Roach Review: Friendship, new from jazz legends Clark Terry and Max Roach.  Henry Grimes A former 1960s A-list jazz bassist stages an overdue comeback.  Devendra Banhart The young singer-songwriter has impressed numerous critics. Animal Sex Advice This feature was suggested by Kathy, who listens to WUNC in Chapel Hill, NC. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts National Press Club Luncheon Speakers NPR Art ReviewsNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Mule Joins List of Cloned Animals Scientists in Idaho have produced the world\u0027s first cloned mule. Born May 4, Idaho Gem is the brother of a champion racing mule, Taz. Some in the racing industry are betting on cloning to provide a way to reproduce champion mules -- and horses. See photos of Idaho Gem and Taz. Commentary: Stay-at-Home-Moms Danielle Crittenden notes a return to the past. Probability Mathematician Keith Devlin on games of chance. The Importance of Being Lazy The virtues of laziness. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. Bob Hope: 100 Years of Memories On Bob Hope\u0027s 100th birthday, NPR\u0027s Susan Stamberg looks back at the man who entertained audiences for nearly every decade of the 20th century in a career spanning stage, radio, movies and television. See historic photos of Hope and hear samples of his comedy and music. Radio Expeditions:Timbuktu Europeans sought the riches of Timbuktu for centuries. The wealth has long since disappeared, and a fragile culture is left behind. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick travels to the legendary city, and then far into the great Sahara for a glimpse of an ancient camel caravan culture. See photos and video online, and hear the music of a desert people. A Summer Reading List A wisecracking bounty hunter, an exhumed corpse, a famous first lady and an even better-known boy wizard -- they\u0027re just a few of the characters you can meet this summer between the pages of a book. Talk of the Nation host Neal Conan discusses with a panel of literary experts this summer\u0027s best reads. View the list for summer reading suggestions. Tracking SARS Outbreaks Known as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, the highly contagious pneumonia-like disease first emerged in China but has now infected nearly 8,000 people worldwide. » NPR\u0027s Joe Palca: Dealing with SARS risk » SARS timeline » SARS factsheet The Candidates: Sen. Joe Lieberman As Al Gore\u0027s 2000 running mate, it might seem natural for Sen. Joseph Lieberman to try to distance himself from former President Clinton. But in a Morning Edition interview the Connecticut Democrat -- seeking the top of the ticket in 2004 -- doesn\u0027t hesitate to hail the former president\u0027s record. Hear an extended version of Lieberman\u0027s interview with NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards. Pomp and Circumstance It\u0027s hard to imagine a graduation ceremony without Pomp and Circumstance. Music commentator Miles Hoffman stops by Morning Edition to explore the famous processional, which was composed by Sir Edward Elgar (left), and other marches of the season. The Return of Summer Movies Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex. NPR News: Beyond the War in Iraq » Marines Come Home » Revenge Against the Baath Party » Kirkuk Council Assembled Amid Tensions » Frustrating Hunt for Weapons of Mass Destruction Toppling a statue of Saddam at the end of the war in Iraq. Reuters © 2003» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.Mule Joins List of Cloned Animals Scientists in Idaho have produced the world\u0027s first cloned mule. Born May 4, Idaho Gem is the brother of a champion racing mule, Taz. Some in the racing industry are betting on cloning to provide a way to reproduce champion mules -- and horses. See photos of Idaho Gem and Taz.Commentary: Stay-at-Home-Moms Danielle Crittenden notes a return to the past. Probability Mathematician Keith Devlin on games of chance. The Importance of Being Lazy The virtues of laziness.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.Bob Hope: 100 Years of MemoriesOn Bob Hope\u0027s 100th birthday, NPR\u0027s Susan Stamberg looks back at the man who entertained audiences for nearly every decade of the 20th century in a career spanning stage, radio, movies and television. See historic photos of Hope and hear samples of his comedy and music.Radio Expeditions:TimbuktuEuropeans sought the riches of Timbuktu for centuries. The wealth has long since disappeared, and a fragile culture is left behind. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick travels to the legendary city, and then far into the great Sahara for a glimpse of an ancient camel caravan culture. See photos and video online, and hear the music of a desert people.Tracking SARS Outbreaks Known as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, the highly contagious pneumonia-like disease first emerged in China but has now infected nearly 8,000 people worldwide. » NPR\u0027s Joe Palca: Dealing with SARS risk » SARS timeline » SARS factsheetThe Candidates: Sen. Joe LiebermanAs Al Gore\u0027s 2000 running mate, it might seem natural for Sen. Joseph Lieberman to try to distance himself from former President Clinton. But in a Morning Edition interview the Connecticut Democrat -- seeking the top of the ticket in 2004 -- doesn\u0027t hesitate to hail the former president\u0027s record. Hear an extended version of Lieberman\u0027s interview with NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards.Pomp and CircumstanceIt\u0027s hard to imagine a graduation ceremony without Pomp and Circumstance. Music commentator Miles Hoffman stops by Morning Edition to explore the famous processional, which was composed by Sir Edward Elgar (left), and other marches of the season.The Return of Summer MoviesSequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex.NPR News: Beyond the War in Iraq » Marines Come Home » Revenge Against the Baath Party » Kirkuk Council Assembled Amid Tensions » Frustrating Hunt for Weapons of Mass Destruction Toppling a statue of Saddam at the end of the war in Iraq. Reuters © 2003NPR Hourly NewsIraqi Medical Facilities Run Short of MedicineSARS Scare at Toronto School Leads to QuarantineSharon, Abbas Discuss Mideast \u0027Road Map\u0027 to Peace\u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New show: \u002760s pop group Love, newcomer Damien Rice, Sir Simon Rattle\u0027s Beethoven symphonies, more.  Terry/Roach Review: Friendship, new from jazz legends Clark Terry and Max Roach.  Henry Grimes A former 1960s A-list jazz bassist stages an overdue comeback.  Devendra Banhart The young singer-songwriter has impressed numerous critics.Animal Sex Advice This feature was suggested by Kathy, who listens to WUNC in Chapel Hill, NC. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts National Press Club Luncheon Speakers NPR Art ReviewsSupport for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":4,"dayOfMonth":20,"hourOfDay":6,"minute":14,"second":18},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
