{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.In Qatar, Gen. Tommy Franks says U.S.-led forces are making \"rapid and in some cases dramatic\" progress in Iraq but also have met sporadic resistance. U.S. military officials say an American Apache helicopter has gone down. And in an address on Iraqi TV, Saddam Hussein says the Iraqi army will emerge victorious. Explore more coverage, including: » NPR photos from Iraq\u0027s burning oil fields » Web logs on the war » NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden\u0027s essay about an Iraqi friend » Commentaries heard on NPR » A list of Web resources on Iraq and its neighborsNPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast last year on Morning Edition.The show went on at the annual Academy Awards, with only slightly less glitter and glam. Get a list of the winners and explore more coverage, exclusive to npr.org: » Full list of winners » Andy Trudeau critiques the nominated film scores » Bob Mondello: Films overlooked by OscarLaura Rothenberg died this week at age 22 of cystic fibrosis, but she leaves behind a wealth of insights about mortality and making life worth living. Producer Joe Richman first met Rothenberg as he recruited young people to contribute to his Radio Diaries series. Listen to My So-Called Lungs, the documentary featuring Rothenberg\u0027s diary entries.More than 300,000 American military personnel are expected to be deployed to the Persian Gulf -- the largest mobilization since Desert Storm. Among those with orders to deploy is one small unit, the Army\u0027s 85th Medical Division, with a unique mission: keeping soldiers mentally fit to fight under the stress of combat. NPR\u0027s Richard Knox reports from Fort Hood, Texas.Across the United States, National Guard soldiers are preparing to go overseas. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes visits the small rural town of Beaver, Utah, as its National Guard unit prepares to leave -- possibly to serve in the Mideast -- and finds conflicting emotions among the soldiers, town residents and the families they leave behind. See photos of Beaver and its residents.Support for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB MAR MAY 24 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpFEB MAR MAY 24 2002 2003 2004FEB MAR MAY242002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News Special Coverage: War in Iraq Burning Iraqi Oil Field Mike Shuster, NPR News  Real | Windows Media | Quicktime In Qatar, Gen. Tommy Franks says U.S.-led forces are making \"rapid and in some cases dramatic\" progress in Iraq but also have met sporadic resistance. U.S. military officials say an American Apache helicopter has gone down. And in an address on Iraqi TV, Saddam Hussein says the Iraqi army will emerge victorious. Explore more coverage, including: » NPR photos from Iraq\u0027s burning oil fields » Web logs on the war » NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden\u0027s essay about an Iraqi friend » Commentaries heard on NPR » A list of Web resources on Iraq and its neighbors An American in Paris Commentator David Sedaris reflects on being an American in France during the war with Iraq. Words Before War Lt. Col. Tim Collins, commander of the Royal Irish battle group, was eloquent on the eve of conflict. NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen reads his remarks. Moderate Muslims \u0026 Iraq Commentator Fawaz Gerges reflects on the relationship between America and the Muslim world. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast last year on Morning Edition. And the Winner Is... The show went on at the annual Academy Awards, with only slightly less glitter and glam. Get a list of the winners and explore more coverage, exclusive to npr.org: » Full list of winners » Andy Trudeau critiques the nominated film scores » Bob Mondello: Films overlooked by Oscar Laura Rothenberg Remembered Laura Rothenberg died this week at age 22 of cystic fibrosis, but she leaves behind a wealth of insights about mortality and making life worth living. Producer Joe Richman first met Rothenberg as he recruited young people to contribute to his Radio Diaries series. Listen to My So-Called Lungs, the documentary featuring Rothenberg\u0027s diary entries. Preventing Breakdowns on the Battlefield More than 300,000 American military personnel are expected to be deployed to the Persian Gulf -- the largest mobilization since Desert Storm. Among those with orders to deploy is one small unit, the Army\u0027s 85th Medical Division, with a unique mission: keeping soldiers mentally fit to fight under the stress of combat. NPR\u0027s Richard Knox reports from Fort Hood, Texas. A Town Says Farewell to Soldiers Across the United States, National Guard soldiers are preparing to go overseas. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes visits the small rural town of Beaver, Utah, as its National Guard unit prepares to leave -- possibly to serve in the Mideast -- and finds conflicting emotions among the soldiers, town residents and the families they leave behind. See photos of Beaver and its residents. NPR Hourly News Blair: Karbala Presents a \u0027Crucial Moment\u0027 Iraqi Official Says Saddam \u0027In Good Shape\u0027 Franks: Crew of Downed Helicopter Missing more news... Music and War America\u0027s past conflicts evoke certain songs and strains. Iraq, The World Speaks A selection of music from the NPR/BBC Special. The World on a CD One man spans the globe to bring listeners new sounds. Thoughts on War This feature was suggested by Traci, who listens to KCUR in Kansas City, Mo. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Most Requested Transcripts Iraq Reading List The Language of WarNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News Special Coverage: War in Iraq Burning Iraqi Oil Field Mike Shuster, NPR News  Real | Windows Media | Quicktime In Qatar, Gen. Tommy Franks says U.S.-led forces are making \"rapid and in some cases dramatic\" progress in Iraq but also have met sporadic resistance. U.S. military officials say an American Apache helicopter has gone down. And in an address on Iraqi TV, Saddam Hussein says the Iraqi army will emerge victorious. Explore more coverage, including: » NPR photos from Iraq\u0027s burning oil fields » Web logs on the war » NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden\u0027s essay about an Iraqi friend » Commentaries heard on NPR » A list of Web resources on Iraq and its neighbors An American in Paris Commentator David Sedaris reflects on being an American in France during the war with Iraq. Words Before War Lt. Col. Tim Collins, commander of the Royal Irish battle group, was eloquent on the eve of conflict. NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen reads his remarks. Moderate Muslims \u0026 Iraq Commentator Fawaz Gerges reflects on the relationship between America and the Muslim world. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast last year on Morning Edition. And the Winner Is... The show went on at the annual Academy Awards, with only slightly less glitter and glam. Get a list of the winners and explore more coverage, exclusive to npr.org: » Full list of winners » Andy Trudeau critiques the nominated film scores » Bob Mondello: Films overlooked by Oscar Laura Rothenberg Remembered Laura Rothenberg died this week at age 22 of cystic fibrosis, but she leaves behind a wealth of insights about mortality and making life worth living. Producer Joe Richman first met Rothenberg as he recruited young people to contribute to his Radio Diaries series. Listen to My So-Called Lungs, the documentary featuring Rothenberg\u0027s diary entries. Preventing Breakdowns on the Battlefield More than 300,000 American military personnel are expected to be deployed to the Persian Gulf -- the largest mobilization since Desert Storm. Among those with orders to deploy is one small unit, the Army\u0027s 85th Medical Division, with a unique mission: keeping soldiers mentally fit to fight under the stress of combat. NPR\u0027s Richard Knox reports from Fort Hood, Texas. A Town Says Farewell to Soldiers Across the United States, National Guard soldiers are preparing to go overseas. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes visits the small rural town of Beaver, Utah, as its National Guard unit prepares to leave -- possibly to serve in the Mideast -- and finds conflicting emotions among the soldiers, town residents and the families they leave behind. See photos of Beaver and its residents.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR News Special Coverage: War in IraqBurning Iraqi Oil Field Mike Shuster, NPR News Real | Windows Media | QuicktimeIn Qatar, Gen. Tommy Franks says U.S.-led forces are making \"rapid and in some cases dramatic\" progress in Iraq but also have met sporadic resistance. U.S. military officials say an American Apache helicopter has gone down. And in an address on Iraqi TV, Saddam Hussein says the Iraqi army will emerge victorious. Explore more coverage, including: » NPR photos from Iraq\u0027s burning oil fields » Web logs on the war » NPR\u0027s Jacki Lyden\u0027s essay about an Iraqi friend » Commentaries heard on NPR » A list of Web resources on Iraq and its neighborsAn American in Paris Commentator David Sedaris reflects on being an American in France during the war with Iraq. Words Before War Lt. Col. Tim Collins, commander of the Royal Irish battle group, was eloquent on the eve of conflict. NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen reads his remarks. Moderate Muslims \u0026 Iraq Commentator Fawaz Gerges reflects on the relationship between America and the Muslim world.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast last year on Morning Edition.And the Winner Is...The show went on at the annual Academy Awards, with only slightly less glitter and glam. Get a list of the winners and explore more coverage, exclusive to npr.org: » Full list of winners » Andy Trudeau critiques the nominated film scores » Bob Mondello: Films overlooked by OscarLaura Rothenberg RememberedLaura Rothenberg died this week at age 22 of cystic fibrosis, but she leaves behind a wealth of insights about mortality and making life worth living. Producer Joe Richman first met Rothenberg as he recruited young people to contribute to his Radio Diaries series. Listen to My So-Called Lungs, the documentary featuring Rothenberg\u0027s diary entries.Preventing Breakdowns on the BattlefieldMore than 300,000 American military personnel are expected to be deployed to the Persian Gulf -- the largest mobilization since Desert Storm. Among those with orders to deploy is one small unit, the Army\u0027s 85th Medical Division, with a unique mission: keeping soldiers mentally fit to fight under the stress of combat. NPR\u0027s Richard Knox reports from Fort Hood, Texas.A Town Says Farewell to SoldiersAcross the United States, National Guard soldiers are preparing to go overseas. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes visits the small rural town of Beaver, Utah, as its National Guard unit prepares to leave -- possibly to serve in the Mideast -- and finds conflicting emotions among the soldiers, town residents and the families they leave behind. See photos of Beaver and its residents.NPR Hourly NewsBlair: Karbala Presents a \u0027Crucial Moment\u0027Iraqi Official Says Saddam \u0027In Good Shape\u0027Franks: Crew of Downed Helicopter MissingMusic and War America\u0027s past conflicts evoke certain songs and strains. Iraq, The World Speaks A selection of music from the NPR/BBC Special. The World on a CD One man spans the globe to bring listeners new sounds.Thoughts on War This feature was suggested by Traci, who listens to KCUR in Kansas City, Mo. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027Most Requested Transcripts Iraq Reading List The Language of WarSupport for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":9,"hourOfDay":4,"minute":22,"second":20},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
