{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.\u0027The Folk Years\u0027 A new set from Time-Life celebrates the 1960s folk revival with a wide variety of songs, many of which wouldn\u0027t fit into today\u0027s definition of classic folk music. On Weekend Edition Saturday, NPR\u0027s Linda Wertheimer talks to John Sebastian of The Lovin\u0027 Spoonful and Bob Flick of The Brothers Four (left). Hear samples from The Folk Years collection.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Say \"street music\" in Chicago, and much of the year, that means the screech of the city\u0027s elevated train. But when the weather gets warm, musicians set up under the El to create their own melodies. NPR\u0027s Cheryl Corley joins the \"Caravan\" under the tracks for the final installment of the summer street music series on All Things Considered.Edward Weston\u0027s photographs from a year he spent traveling through Death Valley and the West are at the heart of a major exhibition now at the Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne reports on the exhibit. View a gallery of Weston\u0027s modernist images.A special 11-part weekly series, airing Fridays on Morning Edition, highlights the creation of the American musical traditions that give this country its own unique sound. Part six tells the story of Jimmie Rodgers (left), considered the father of country music. Explore Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues, listen to interviews, and hear music samples from Jimmie Rodgers (left) and other featured performers.The United States\u0027 popularity dropped among many nations as the war in Iraq developed. Morning Edition gauges opinions about America in a series of conversations with a variety of people from around the world, including Adetoun Ilumoka, left, founder of the Nigeria-based Empowerment and Action Research Centre.If you\u0027ve ever tried to give a teenager sound advice on how to get ahead in life and wound up feeling like the squarest adult on the planet, you\u0027re not alone. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Edward DeJesus, author of Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival -- a hopeful antidote to the marketing blitz on American teens.Baseball has a language all its own. Next time you\u0027re at a game, look for the hand signals flashing between players and coaches. NPR\u0027s Melissa Block heads to the ballpark with author Paul Dickson. Read an excerpt from his book, and get baseball legend Charlie Dressen\u0027s chili recipe.Louis Leakey started a dynasty of fossil hunters who changed the world\u0027s views about the origins of humankind. In the latest Radio Expedition, NPR\u0027s Christopher Joyce reports on the legacy of the Leakey family patriarch on the centennial of his birth.Slate political analyst William Saletan deconstructs the political language of presidential candidates in a series for Day to Day. Hear what politicians are really saying when they use words like \"God,\" \"civil unions\" or even \"Democratic Party.\" Friday: President Bush.Bluegrass legends Doc Watson, Earl Scruggs and Ricky Skaggs -- known collectively as The Three Pickers -- took the stage recently for a PBS Great Performances concert, and the CD and DVD of that event is now a best-seller. Listen to full-length live cuts from their recent performance in NPR\u0027s Studio 4A.If Steely Dan\u0027s new album sounds familiar, it\u0027s because it features the distinctive style of smooth but funky jazz that Walter Becker and Donald Fagen have brought to their music for more than 30 years. Listen to an extended version of Steve Inskeep\u0027s interview with the duo and hear samples from Everything Must Go.On the 41st anniversary of the death of Marilyn Monroe, Day to Day countess of fashion Jessica Seigel dispels one of the myths surrounding the starlet -- that Monroe was, by today\u0027s standards, a plus-sized woman. See photos of Seigel trying to squeeze into Monroe\u0027s signature gowns.The week of Aug. 4, NPR\u0027s Performance Today makes its annual summer stop high in the Rocky Mountains for the 2003 Aspen Music Festival. Join PT host Fred Child for a week\u0027s worth of concerts, interviews and stories, from the stage of Harris Concert Hall, left.Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUN AUG SEP 9 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpJUN AUG SEP 9 2002 2003 2004JUN AUG SEP92002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. \u0027The Folk Years\u0027 A new set from Time-Life celebrates the 1960s folk revival with a wide variety of songs, many of which wouldn\u0027t fit into today\u0027s definition of classic folk music. On Weekend Edition Saturday, NPR\u0027s Linda Wertheimer talks to John Sebastian of The Lovin\u0027 Spoonful and Bob Flick of The Brothers Four (left). Hear samples from The Folk Years collection. Sunken Garden Poetry Festival Read prize-winning entries from high school poets. NPR Ombudsman Does \u0027Money Talk\u0027 at NPR? If So, What Does It Say? Anti-Spam Technology A new way to prevent junk e-mail from getting through. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Summer Street Music: Chicago Say \"street music\" in Chicago, and much of the year, that means the screech of the city\u0027s elevated train. But when the weather gets warm, musicians set up under the El to create their own melodies. NPR\u0027s Cheryl Corley joins the \"Caravan\" under the tracks for the final installment of the summer street music series on All Things Considered. The Photos of Edward Weston Edward Weston\u0027s photographs from a year he spent traveling through Death Valley and the West are at the heart of a major exhibition now at the Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne reports on the exhibit. View a gallery of Weston\u0027s modernist images. \u0027Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues\u0027 A special 11-part weekly series, airing Fridays on Morning Edition, highlights the creation of the American musical traditions that give this country its own unique sound. Part six tells the story of Jimmie Rodgers (left), considered the father of country music. Explore Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues, listen to interviews, and hear music samples from Jimmie Rodgers (left) and other featured performers. The U.S. and the World The United States\u0027 popularity dropped among many nations as the war in Iraq developed. Morning Edition gauges opinions about America in a series of conversations with a variety of people from around the world, including Adetoun Ilumoka, left, founder of the Nigeria-based Empowerment and Action Research Centre. \u0027Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival\u0027 If you\u0027ve ever tried to give a teenager sound advice on how to get ahead in life and wound up feeling like the squarest adult on the planet, you\u0027re not alone. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Edward DeJesus, author of Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival -- a hopeful antidote to the marketing blitz on American teens. \u0027The Hidden Language of Baseball\u0027 Baseball has a language all its own. Next time you\u0027re at a game, look for the hand signals flashing between players and coaches. NPR\u0027s Melissa Block heads to the ballpark with author Paul Dickson. Read an excerpt from his book, and get baseball legend Charlie Dressen\u0027s chili recipe. Louis Leakey\u0027s Legacy Louis Leakey started a dynasty of fossil hunters who changed the world\u0027s views about the origins of humankind. In the latest Radio Expedition, NPR\u0027s Christopher Joyce reports on the legacy of the Leakey family patriarch on the centennial of his birth. The Buzzwords of Presidential Candidates Slate political analyst William Saletan deconstructs the political language of presidential candidates in a series for Day to Day. Hear what politicians are really saying when they use words like \"God,\" \"civil unions\" or even \"Democratic Party.\" Friday: President Bush. The Three Pickers, Live in Studio 4A Bluegrass legends Doc Watson, Earl Scruggs and Ricky Skaggs -- known collectively as The Three Pickers -- took the stage recently for a PBS Great Performances concert, and the CD and DVD of that event is now a best-seller. Listen to full-length live cuts from their recent performance in NPR\u0027s Studio 4A. Steely Dan: \u0027Everything Must Go\u0027 If Steely Dan\u0027s new album sounds familiar, it\u0027s because it features the distinctive style of smooth but funky jazz that Walter Becker and Donald Fagen have brought to their music for more than 30 years. Listen to an extended version of Steve Inskeep\u0027s interview with the duo and hear samples from Everything Must Go. Marilyn Monroe\u0027s Plus-Size Body Myth On the 41st anniversary of the death of Marilyn Monroe, Day to Day countess of fashion Jessica Seigel dispels one of the myths surrounding the starlet -- that Monroe was, by today\u0027s standards, a plus-sized woman. See photos of Seigel trying to squeeze into Monroe\u0027s signature gowns. \u0027Performance Today\u0027 at Aspen The week of Aug. 4, NPR\u0027s Performance Today makes its annual summer stop high in the Rocky Mountains for the 2003 Aspen Music Festival. Join PT host Fred Child for a week\u0027s worth of concerts, interviews and stories, from the stage of Harris Concert Hall, left. Summer Movies Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex. NPR Hourly News Boston Church Offers to Settle Abuse Cases Violence Erupts in West Bank, Imperils Truce Pakistani Charged with Aiding Al Qaeda MORE news \u0027Day to Day\u0027 NPR\u0027s latest news program is hosted by award-winning NPR correspondent Alex Chadwick and features a new content partner: the online magazine Slate.  Host Alex Chadwick explains Day to Day \u0027Normal\u0027 Life in Colombia NPR\u0027s Martin Kaste reflects on the commonplace dangers of working in Colombia, where much of the country is a war zone. The New New York WNYC explores the changing character of New York City with more than 10 hours of audio, an interactive map of The Big Apple, photo slide shows, and more. Also, photos and art from New Hampshire, American RadioWorks from Minnesota, and great lectures in Boston. MORE stations » Summer Reading » W.S. Merwin\u0027s \u0027The Mays of Ventadorn\u0027 MORE books Feral Chihuahuas This feature was suggested by Karen, who listens to WMFE in Orlando, Fla. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New show: Norah Jones\u0027 songwriter Jesse Harris, violin virtuoso Andrew Bird, more.  Celtic Choir Interview: Members of a youth choir in Northern Ireland. MORE music Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Summer MoviesNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. \u0027The Folk Years\u0027 A new set from Time-Life celebrates the 1960s folk revival with a wide variety of songs, many of which wouldn\u0027t fit into today\u0027s definition of classic folk music. On Weekend Edition Saturday, NPR\u0027s Linda Wertheimer talks to John Sebastian of The Lovin\u0027 Spoonful and Bob Flick of The Brothers Four (left). Hear samples from The Folk Years collection. Sunken Garden Poetry Festival Read prize-winning entries from high school poets. NPR Ombudsman Does \u0027Money Talk\u0027 at NPR? If So, What Does It Say? Anti-Spam Technology A new way to prevent junk e-mail from getting through. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Summer Street Music: Chicago Say \"street music\" in Chicago, and much of the year, that means the screech of the city\u0027s elevated train. But when the weather gets warm, musicians set up under the El to create their own melodies. NPR\u0027s Cheryl Corley joins the \"Caravan\" under the tracks for the final installment of the summer street music series on All Things Considered. The Photos of Edward Weston Edward Weston\u0027s photographs from a year he spent traveling through Death Valley and the West are at the heart of a major exhibition now at the Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne reports on the exhibit. View a gallery of Weston\u0027s modernist images. \u0027Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues\u0027 A special 11-part weekly series, airing Fridays on Morning Edition, highlights the creation of the American musical traditions that give this country its own unique sound. Part six tells the story of Jimmie Rodgers (left), considered the father of country music. Explore Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues, listen to interviews, and hear music samples from Jimmie Rodgers (left) and other featured performers. The U.S. and the World The United States\u0027 popularity dropped among many nations as the war in Iraq developed. Morning Edition gauges opinions about America in a series of conversations with a variety of people from around the world, including Adetoun Ilumoka, left, founder of the Nigeria-based Empowerment and Action Research Centre. \u0027Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival\u0027 If you\u0027ve ever tried to give a teenager sound advice on how to get ahead in life and wound up feeling like the squarest adult on the planet, you\u0027re not alone. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Edward DeJesus, author of Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival -- a hopeful antidote to the marketing blitz on American teens. \u0027The Hidden Language of Baseball\u0027 Baseball has a language all its own. Next time you\u0027re at a game, look for the hand signals flashing between players and coaches. NPR\u0027s Melissa Block heads to the ballpark with author Paul Dickson. Read an excerpt from his book, and get baseball legend Charlie Dressen\u0027s chili recipe. Louis Leakey\u0027s Legacy Louis Leakey started a dynasty of fossil hunters who changed the world\u0027s views about the origins of humankind. In the latest Radio Expedition, NPR\u0027s Christopher Joyce reports on the legacy of the Leakey family patriarch on the centennial of his birth. The Buzzwords of Presidential Candidates Slate political analyst William Saletan deconstructs the political language of presidential candidates in a series for Day to Day. Hear what politicians are really saying when they use words like \"God,\" \"civil unions\" or even \"Democratic Party.\" Friday: President Bush. The Three Pickers, Live in Studio 4A Bluegrass legends Doc Watson, Earl Scruggs and Ricky Skaggs -- known collectively as The Three Pickers -- took the stage recently for a PBS Great Performances concert, and the CD and DVD of that event is now a best-seller. Listen to full-length live cuts from their recent performance in NPR\u0027s Studio 4A. Steely Dan: \u0027Everything Must Go\u0027 If Steely Dan\u0027s new album sounds familiar, it\u0027s because it features the distinctive style of smooth but funky jazz that Walter Becker and Donald Fagen have brought to their music for more than 30 years. Listen to an extended version of Steve Inskeep\u0027s interview with the duo and hear samples from Everything Must Go. Marilyn Monroe\u0027s Plus-Size Body Myth On the 41st anniversary of the death of Marilyn Monroe, Day to Day countess of fashion Jessica Seigel dispels one of the myths surrounding the starlet -- that Monroe was, by today\u0027s standards, a plus-sized woman. See photos of Seigel trying to squeeze into Monroe\u0027s signature gowns. \u0027Performance Today\u0027 at Aspen The week of Aug. 4, NPR\u0027s Performance Today makes its annual summer stop high in the Rocky Mountains for the 2003 Aspen Music Festival. Join PT host Fred Child for a week\u0027s worth of concerts, interviews and stories, from the stage of Harris Concert Hall, left. Summer Movies Sequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.\u0027The Folk Years\u0027 A new set from Time-Life celebrates the 1960s folk revival with a wide variety of songs, many of which wouldn\u0027t fit into today\u0027s definition of classic folk music. On Weekend Edition Saturday, NPR\u0027s Linda Wertheimer talks to John Sebastian of The Lovin\u0027 Spoonful and Bob Flick of The Brothers Four (left). Hear samples from The Folk Years collection.Sunken Garden Poetry Festival Read prize-winning entries from high school poets. NPR Ombudsman Does \u0027Money Talk\u0027 at NPR? If So, What Does It Say? Anti-Spam Technology A new way to prevent junk e-mail from getting through.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Summer Street Music: ChicagoSay \"street music\" in Chicago, and much of the year, that means the screech of the city\u0027s elevated train. But when the weather gets warm, musicians set up under the El to create their own melodies. NPR\u0027s Cheryl Corley joins the \"Caravan\" under the tracks for the final installment of the summer street music series on All Things Considered.The Photos of Edward WestonEdward Weston\u0027s photographs from a year he spent traveling through Death Valley and the West are at the heart of a major exhibition now at the Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne reports on the exhibit. View a gallery of Weston\u0027s modernist images.\u0027Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues\u0027A special 11-part weekly series, airing Fridays on Morning Edition, highlights the creation of the American musical traditions that give this country its own unique sound. Part six tells the story of Jimmie Rodgers (left), considered the father of country music. Explore Honky Tonks, Hymns and the Blues, listen to interviews, and hear music samples from Jimmie Rodgers (left) and other featured performers.The U.S. and the WorldThe United States\u0027 popularity dropped among many nations as the war in Iraq developed. Morning Edition gauges opinions about America in a series of conversations with a variety of people from around the world, including Adetoun Ilumoka, left, founder of the Nigeria-based Empowerment and Action Research Centre.\u0027Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival\u0027If you\u0027ve ever tried to give a teenager sound advice on how to get ahead in life and wound up feeling like the squarest adult on the planet, you\u0027re not alone. NPR\u0027s Tavis Smiley talks with Edward DeJesus, author of Makin\u0027 It: The Hip-Hop Guide to True Survival -- a hopeful antidote to the marketing blitz on American teens.\u0027The Hidden Language of Baseball\u0027Baseball has a language all its own. Next time you\u0027re at a game, look for the hand signals flashing between players and coaches. NPR\u0027s Melissa Block heads to the ballpark with author Paul Dickson. Read an excerpt from his book, and get baseball legend Charlie Dressen\u0027s chili recipe.Louis Leakey\u0027s LegacyLouis Leakey started a dynasty of fossil hunters who changed the world\u0027s views about the origins of humankind. In the latest Radio Expedition, NPR\u0027s Christopher Joyce reports on the legacy of the Leakey family patriarch on the centennial of his birth.The Buzzwords of Presidential CandidatesSlate political analyst William Saletan deconstructs the political language of presidential candidates in a series for Day to Day. Hear what politicians are really saying when they use words like \"God,\" \"civil unions\" or even \"Democratic Party.\" Friday: President Bush.The Three Pickers, Live in Studio 4ABluegrass legends Doc Watson, Earl Scruggs and Ricky Skaggs -- known collectively as The Three Pickers -- took the stage recently for a PBS Great Performances concert, and the CD and DVD of that event is now a best-seller. Listen to full-length live cuts from their recent performance in NPR\u0027s Studio 4A.Steely Dan: \u0027Everything Must Go\u0027If Steely Dan\u0027s new album sounds familiar, it\u0027s because it features the distinctive style of smooth but funky jazz that Walter Becker and Donald Fagen have brought to their music for more than 30 years. Listen to an extended version of Steve Inskeep\u0027s interview with the duo and hear samples from Everything Must Go.Marilyn Monroe\u0027s Plus-Size Body MythOn the 41st anniversary of the death of Marilyn Monroe, Day to Day countess of fashion Jessica Seigel dispels one of the myths surrounding the starlet -- that Monroe was, by today\u0027s standards, a plus-sized woman. See photos of Seigel trying to squeeze into Monroe\u0027s signature gowns.\u0027Performance Today\u0027 at AspenThe week of Aug. 4, NPR\u0027s Performance Today makes its annual summer stop high in the Rocky Mountains for the 2003 Aspen Music Festival. Join PT host Fred Child for a week\u0027s worth of concerts, interviews and stories, from the stage of Harris Concert Hall, left.Summer MoviesSequels, special effects, sleeper hits: must be summer movie time again. Review the latest film coverage from NPR critics and commentators, and see a list of upcoming features at the cineplex.NPR Hourly NewsBoston Church Offers to Settle Abuse CasesViolence Erupts in West Bank, Imperils TrucePakistani Charged with Aiding Al Qaeda\u0027Day to Day\u0027 NPR\u0027s latest news program is hosted by award-winning NPR correspondent Alex Chadwick and features a new content partner: the online magazine Slate.  Host Alex Chadwick explains Day to Day\u0027Normal\u0027 Life in Colombia NPR\u0027s Martin Kaste reflects on the commonplace dangers of working in Colombia, where much of the country is a war zone.The New New York WNYC explores the changing character of New York City with more than 10 hours of audio, an interactive map of The Big Apple, photo slide shows, and more. Also, photos and art from New Hampshire, American RadioWorks from Minnesota, and great lectures in Boston. MORE stations» Summer Reading » W.S. Merwin\u0027s \u0027The Mays of Ventadorn\u0027 MORE booksFeral Chihuahuas This feature was suggested by Karen, who listens to WMFE in Orlando, Fla. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027\u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New show: Norah Jones\u0027 songwriter Jesse Harris, violin virtuoso Andrew Bird, more.  Celtic Choir Interview: Members of a youth choir in Northern Ireland. MORE musicMost E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Summer Movies","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":7,"dayOfMonth":26,"hourOfDay":0,"minute":48,"second":44},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
