{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR News: Saddam\u0027s Sons Dead U.S. officials confirm that Saddam Hussein\u0027s sons, Uday and Qusay Hussein, were among four Iraqis killed in a gunfight with U.S. forces in Mosul. Explore NPR coverage: » Latest developments from NPR\u0027s Guy Raz. » Sharing power in Fallujah.Last Chance Ranch Girls and the Juvenile Justice System is a new five-part series focusing on the harsh and difficult realities young girls face as they battle the complex justice system in the United States. In Part I, NPR\u0027s Debbie Elliott reports on a Florida detention center that treats violent girls with serious mental health issues. For many of the girls, the center represents their last chance to reform before prison.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.Alex Chadwick will host the new NPR program Day to Day, a midday, one-hour news show produced in collaboration with Slate, the online magazine. It debuts July 28. Get a behind-the-scenes glimpse of how the show is coming to life at NPR\u0027s production facility in Los Angeles.Newsman Walter Cronkite recalls the United Press World War II radio drama that used actors to portray its reporters in the field. While the real Walter Cronkite (pictured right in 1943) was covering the air war over Germany, an actor played \"Walter Cronkite\" in the series Soldiers of the Press as part of a media public relations war.Janet Wulsin explored Tibet, China and Mongolia from 1921-1925. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne talks to Wulsin\u0027s daughter, Mabel Cabot, who has written Vanished Kingdoms chronicling Wulsin\u0027s journey. See a map of their 1923 route, and a gallery of pictures that Wulsin and her husband took on their journey.Aaron Naparstek, who once egged a sedan in a fit of anger, joins NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary on Talk of the Nation to discuss his tonic for the aggravated soul: writing Haiku. He\u0027s collected his poems in a new book, Honku: The Zen Antidote to Road Rage. Read an excerpt from the book and hear NPR personalities read Honku haiku.From the 1950s through the 1970s, millions of students in driver\u0027s education classes watched films that offered a grisly brand of highway safety education. Actual footage of bodies twisted by car crashes instilled a fear of reckless road behavior. Director Bret Wood talks about his new documentary, Hell\u0027s Highway, which tracks the history of these films.What would you do if you knew that the company you worked for was being dishonest with its vendors? Would you stay with the company? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma in his latest appearance on All Things Considered.Blue Note, the uniquely American jazz label, was formed by German immigrants who loved the music form and wanted to share it with the world. In Blue Note Records, The Biography, author Richard Cook tells the story of Alfred Lion and Francis Wolff, who formed the label that\u0027s been synonymous with jazz since 1939. Hear an extended interview with Cook.Weekend Edition Sunday is once again asking noteworthy readers what\u0027s on their summertime lists. This week, chef and author Anthony Bourdain offers his choices. Listen to the entire series.In a world of short attention spans, where does the complex style of Joseph McElroy fit in? NPR\u0027s Steve Inskeep interviews the author of the new novel Actress in the House about his craft -- and his painstaking attention to detail. Hear their conversation.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"JUN JUL SEP 23 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpJUN JUL SEP 23 2002 2003 2004JUN JUL SEP232002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News: Saddam\u0027s Sons Dead U.S. officials confirm that Saddam Hussein\u0027s sons, Uday and Qusay Hussein, were among four Iraqis killed in a gunfight with U.S. forces in Mosul. Explore NPR coverage: » Latest developments from NPR\u0027s Guy Raz. » Sharing power in Fallujah. Last Chance Ranch Girls and the Juvenile Justice System is a new five-part series focusing on the harsh and difficult realities young girls face as they battle the complex justice system in the United States. In Part I, NPR\u0027s Debbie Elliott reports on a Florida detention center that treats violent girls with serious mental health issues. For many of the girls, the center represents their last chance to reform before prison. Hot Childhood Essayist Tyrrell Lavery grew up without air conditioning. Wikis: Social Software Let anyone write whatever they want on your Web site. The Meaning of Heaven Personal views of the concept of heaven. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. \u0027Day to Day\u0027 -- NPR\u0027s Latest News Magazine Alex Chadwick will host the new NPR program Day to Day, a midday, one-hour news show produced in collaboration with Slate, the online magazine. It debuts July 28. Get a behind-the-scenes glimpse of how the show is coming to life at NPR\u0027s production facility in Los Angeles. Walter Cronkite: Media Battles Newsman Walter Cronkite recalls the United Press World War II radio drama that used actors to portray its reporters in the field. While the real Walter Cronkite (pictured right in 1943) was covering the air war over Germany, an actor played \"Walter Cronkite\" in the series Soldiers of the Press as part of a media public relations war. Janet Wulsin\u0027s \u0027Vanished Kingdoms\u0027 Janet Wulsin explored Tibet, China and Mongolia from 1921-1925. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne talks to Wulsin\u0027s daughter, Mabel Cabot, who has written Vanished Kingdoms chronicling Wulsin\u0027s journey. See a map of their 1923 route, and a gallery of pictures that Wulsin and her husband took on their journey. Honku Haiku: Automotive Zen Aaron Naparstek, who once egged a sedan in a fit of anger, joins NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary on Talk of the Nation to discuss his tonic for the aggravated soul: writing Haiku. He\u0027s collected his poems in a new book, Honku: The Zen Antidote to Road Rage. Read an excerpt from the book and hear NPR personalities read Honku haiku. \u0027Hell\u0027s Highway\u0027 From the 1950s through the 1970s, millions of students in driver\u0027s education classes watched films that offered a grisly brand of highway safety education. Actual footage of bodies twisted by car crashes instilled a fear of reckless road behavior. Director Bret Wood talks about his new documentary, Hell\u0027s Highway, which tracks the history of these films. \u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Dishonest Company? What would you do if you knew that the company you worked for was being dishonest with its vendors? Would you stay with the company? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma in his latest appearance on All Things Considered. \u0027Blue Note Records, The Biography\u0027 Blue Note, the uniquely American jazz label, was formed by German immigrants who loved the music form and wanted to share it with the world. In Blue Note Records, The Biography, author Richard Cook tells the story of Alfred Lion and Francis Wolff, who formed the label that\u0027s been synonymous with jazz since 1939. Hear an extended interview with Cook. Summer Reading: Anthony Bourdain Weekend Edition Sunday is once again asking noteworthy readers what\u0027s on their summertime lists. This week, chef and author Anthony Bourdain offers his choices. Listen to the entire series. Joseph McElroy and the Art of Writing In a world of short attention spans, where does the complex style of Joseph McElroy fit in? NPR\u0027s Steve Inskeep interviews the author of the new novel Actress in the House about his craft -- and his painstaking attention to detail. Hear their conversation. NPR Hourly News Saddam\u0027s Sons Killed in U.S. Raid Pfc. Lynch Receives Hero\u0027s Welcome Bush Adviser Apologizes for Iraq Claim MORE news Third World Toys NPR\u0027s Martin Kaste reflects on homemade toys, a true symbol of poverty in many corners of South America. \u0027The Forum Network\u0027 WGBH, Boston, partners with cultural and educational organizations to produce a premier lecture series. Also, a hip music show from Pittsburgh, a chance to help shape an entire week of public radio programming, and \"You Decide\" from San Francisco. MORE stations » Summer Reading » Ex-Mobster\u0027s \u0027Blood Covenant\u0027 MORE books Education \u0026 Alzheimer\u0027s This feature was suggested by Beatriz, who listens to WCVE in Richmond, Va. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027  Shostakovich\u0027s 7th A new recording of the composer\u0027s massive \"Leningrad\" symphony.  Rosalyn Tureck The concert pianist, a Bach specialist, died recently at 88. \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New Show: What was that music? Sixty great \"buttons\" and the people who pick them. MORE music Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts \u0027Fresh Air\u0027 Commentaries On-Air PersonalitiesNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News: Saddam\u0027s Sons Dead U.S. officials confirm that Saddam Hussein\u0027s sons, Uday and Qusay Hussein, were among four Iraqis killed in a gunfight with U.S. forces in Mosul. Explore NPR coverage: » Latest developments from NPR\u0027s Guy Raz. » Sharing power in Fallujah. Last Chance Ranch Girls and the Juvenile Justice System is a new five-part series focusing on the harsh and difficult realities young girls face as they battle the complex justice system in the United States. In Part I, NPR\u0027s Debbie Elliott reports on a Florida detention center that treats violent girls with serious mental health issues. For many of the girls, the center represents their last chance to reform before prison. Hot Childhood Essayist Tyrrell Lavery grew up without air conditioning. Wikis: Social Software Let anyone write whatever they want on your Web site. The Meaning of Heaven Personal views of the concept of heaven. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose. \u0027Day to Day\u0027 -- NPR\u0027s Latest News Magazine Alex Chadwick will host the new NPR program Day to Day, a midday, one-hour news show produced in collaboration with Slate, the online magazine. It debuts July 28. Get a behind-the-scenes glimpse of how the show is coming to life at NPR\u0027s production facility in Los Angeles. Walter Cronkite: Media Battles Newsman Walter Cronkite recalls the United Press World War II radio drama that used actors to portray its reporters in the field. While the real Walter Cronkite (pictured right in 1943) was covering the air war over Germany, an actor played \"Walter Cronkite\" in the series Soldiers of the Press as part of a media public relations war. Janet Wulsin\u0027s \u0027Vanished Kingdoms\u0027 Janet Wulsin explored Tibet, China and Mongolia from 1921-1925. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne talks to Wulsin\u0027s daughter, Mabel Cabot, who has written Vanished Kingdoms chronicling Wulsin\u0027s journey. See a map of their 1923 route, and a gallery of pictures that Wulsin and her husband took on their journey. Honku Haiku: Automotive Zen Aaron Naparstek, who once egged a sedan in a fit of anger, joins NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary on Talk of the Nation to discuss his tonic for the aggravated soul: writing Haiku. He\u0027s collected his poems in a new book, Honku: The Zen Antidote to Road Rage. Read an excerpt from the book and hear NPR personalities read Honku haiku. \u0027Hell\u0027s Highway\u0027 From the 1950s through the 1970s, millions of students in driver\u0027s education classes watched films that offered a grisly brand of highway safety education. Actual footage of bodies twisted by car crashes instilled a fear of reckless road behavior. Director Bret Wood talks about his new documentary, Hell\u0027s Highway, which tracks the history of these films. \u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Dishonest Company? What would you do if you knew that the company you worked for was being dishonest with its vendors? Would you stay with the company? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma in his latest appearance on All Things Considered. \u0027Blue Note Records, The Biography\u0027 Blue Note, the uniquely American jazz label, was formed by German immigrants who loved the music form and wanted to share it with the world. In Blue Note Records, The Biography, author Richard Cook tells the story of Alfred Lion and Francis Wolff, who formed the label that\u0027s been synonymous with jazz since 1939. Hear an extended interview with Cook. Summer Reading: Anthony Bourdain Weekend Edition Sunday is once again asking noteworthy readers what\u0027s on their summertime lists. This week, chef and author Anthony Bourdain offers his choices. Listen to the entire series. Joseph McElroy and the Art of Writing In a world of short attention spans, where does the complex style of Joseph McElroy fit in? NPR\u0027s Steve Inskeep interviews the author of the new novel Actress in the House about his craft -- and his painstaking attention to detail. Hear their conversation.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR News: Saddam\u0027s Sons Dead U.S. officials confirm that Saddam Hussein\u0027s sons, Uday and Qusay Hussein, were among four Iraqis killed in a gunfight with U.S. forces in Mosul. Explore NPR coverage: » Latest developments from NPR\u0027s Guy Raz. » Sharing power in Fallujah.Hot Childhood Essayist Tyrrell Lavery grew up without air conditioning. Wikis: Social Software Let anyone write whatever they want on your Web site. The Meaning of Heaven Personal views of the concept of heaven.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Read the statement about NPR coverage of the Mideast from NPR President \u0026 CEO Kevin Klose.\u0027Day to Day\u0027 -- NPR\u0027s Latest News MagazineAlex Chadwick will host the new NPR program Day to Day, a midday, one-hour news show produced in collaboration with Slate, the online magazine. It debuts July 28. Get a behind-the-scenes glimpse of how the show is coming to life at NPR\u0027s production facility in Los Angeles.Walter Cronkite: Media BattlesNewsman Walter Cronkite recalls the United Press World War II radio drama that used actors to portray its reporters in the field. While the real Walter Cronkite (pictured right in 1943) was covering the air war over Germany, an actor played \"Walter Cronkite\" in the series Soldiers of the Press as part of a media public relations war.Janet Wulsin\u0027s \u0027Vanished Kingdoms\u0027Janet Wulsin explored Tibet, China and Mongolia from 1921-1925. NPR\u0027s Renee Montagne talks to Wulsin\u0027s daughter, Mabel Cabot, who has written Vanished Kingdoms chronicling Wulsin\u0027s journey. See a map of their 1923 route, and a gallery of pictures that Wulsin and her husband took on their journey.Honku Haiku: Automotive ZenAaron Naparstek, who once egged a sedan in a fit of anger, joins NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary on Talk of the Nation to discuss his tonic for the aggravated soul: writing Haiku. He\u0027s collected his poems in a new book, Honku: The Zen Antidote to Road Rage. Read an excerpt from the book and hear NPR personalities read Honku haiku.\u0027Hell\u0027s Highway\u0027From the 1950s through the 1970s, millions of students in driver\u0027s education classes watched films that offered a grisly brand of highway safety education. Actual footage of bodies twisted by car crashes instilled a fear of reckless road behavior. Director Bret Wood talks about his new documentary, Hell\u0027s Highway, which tracks the history of these films.\u0027The Ethicist\u0027: Dishonest Company?What would you do if you knew that the company you worked for was being dishonest with its vendors? Would you stay with the company? Randy Cohen, who writes \"The Ethicist\" column for The New York Times Magazine, discusses that ethical dilemma in his latest appearance on All Things Considered.\u0027Blue Note Records, The Biography\u0027Blue Note, the uniquely American jazz label, was formed by German immigrants who loved the music form and wanted to share it with the world. In Blue Note Records, The Biography, author Richard Cook tells the story of Alfred Lion and Francis Wolff, who formed the label that\u0027s been synonymous with jazz since 1939. Hear an extended interview with Cook.Summer Reading: Anthony BourdainWeekend Edition Sunday is once again asking noteworthy readers what\u0027s on their summertime lists. This week, chef and author Anthony Bourdain offers his choices. Listen to the entire series.Joseph McElroy and the Art of WritingIn a world of short attention spans, where does the complex style of Joseph McElroy fit in? NPR\u0027s Steve Inskeep interviews the author of the new novel Actress in the House about his craft -- and his painstaking attention to detail. Hear their conversation.NPR Hourly NewsSaddam\u0027s Sons Killed in U.S. RaidPfc. Lynch Receives Hero\u0027s WelcomeBush Adviser Apologizes for Iraq ClaimThird World Toys NPR\u0027s Martin Kaste reflects on homemade toys, a true symbol of poverty in many corners of South America.\u0027The Forum Network\u0027 WGBH, Boston, partners with cultural and educational organizations to produce a premier lecture series. Also, a hip music show from Pittsburgh, a chance to help shape an entire week of public radio programming, and \"You Decide\" from San Francisco. MORE stations» Summer Reading » Ex-Mobster\u0027s \u0027Blood Covenant\u0027 MORE booksEducation \u0026 Alzheimer\u0027s This feature was suggested by Beatriz, who listens to WCVE in Richmond, Va. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Shostakovich\u0027s 7th A new recording of the composer\u0027s massive \"Leningrad\" symphony.  Rosalyn Tureck The concert pianist, a Bach specialist, died recently at 88. \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New Show: What was that music? Sixty great \"buttons\" and the people who pick them. MORE musicMost E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts \u0027Fresh Air\u0027 Commentaries On-Air Personalities","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":6,"dayOfMonth":22,"hourOfDay":1,"minute":1,"second":23},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
