{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.A new exhibit at New York\u0027s Museum of Modern Art examines the lifelong relationship between Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. It pairs works by the two artists, showing how they influenced each other despite their very different styles. David D\u0027Arcy reports.NPR film critic Bob Mondello presents his list of great films from 2002 that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences forgot about. ? View his full list, plus links to hear reviews for each film. ? Scan the list of nominees up for awards in March. ? Submit your own list of forgotten films on our online discussion board.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast recently on Morning Edition.\u0027Iraq: The World Speaks\u0027 As debate over the threat of U.S. military action against Iraq takes on a more urgent tone, NPR News joins with BBC World Service to present a live, two-hour, call-in program to discuss the issues surrounding Iraq. The joint production, Iraq: The World Speaks will be hosted by Neal Conan, host of NPR\u0027s Talk of the Nation, and Robin Lustig, host of the BBC\u0027s Talking Point. E-mail your questions in advance of the Feb. 15 program.It\u0027s a chubby little puff of a fish with big expressive eyes, a lovely metallic color and enough neurotoxins in its body to kill dozens of human predators. But if it\u0027s expertly prepared, it\u0027s considered a rare treat. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine takes a break from Talking Plants to profile fugu, and meets some food lovers who covet its taste.For decades, scientists have searched for plants that contain disease-fighting compounds. But experts say the oceans, teeming with life, might be a better place to look. As NPR\u0027s Eric Niiler reports, researchers are now scouring the seven seas in hopes of finding the next blockbuster drug.NPR\u0027s Scott Simon and Jim Nayder of The Annoying Music Show play songs only a lover could love -- and a tone-deaf lover at that. Now YOU can send one of these off-kilter musical moments to your sweetie as a Valentine\u0027s Day gift from npr.org. This music is so bad you won\u0027t be able to get it out of your head until Valentine\u0027s Day is a dim memory. But hey, it\u0027s cheaper than chocolates!In 1926, American historian Dr. Carter G. Woodson established Negro History Week to focus attention on African-American contributions to the world. Today, Americans celebrate black history throughout the month of February. For Black History Month 2003, NPR News offers comprehensive coverage commemorating the lives and histories of African-American pioneers.In Alabama, 20-year-old Nick Dupree has a rare form of muscular dystrophy so disabling that he needs constant attention from nurses. Federal law requires the state\u0027s Medicaid program to provide that expensive care -- until age 21. With his birthday coming up Feb. 23, Dupree waged a courageous battle to change state policy and -- despite the odds -- he won. NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro reports.The quiet Wyoming town of Riverton -- population 10,000 -- got a shock recently: their town was about to become the headquarters of the World Church of the Creator, a group associated with white supremacy and racial violence. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes reports on how the town is responding to the move, and how it\u0027s confronting its own history of intolerance.Support for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"DEC FEB MAR 13 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpDEC FEB MAR 13 2002 2003 2004DEC FEB MAR132002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 NPR World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls NPR Playhouse Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Rewind Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! World Radio Network from NPR Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 NPR World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls NPR Playhouse Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Rewind Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! World Radio Network from NPR Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. \u0027Matisse Picasso\u0027 Exhibit Pairs Masters of Art A new exhibit at New York\u0027s Museum of Modern Art examines the lifelong relationship between Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. It pairs works by the two artists, showing how they influenced each other despite their very different styles. David D\u0027Arcy reports. Overlooked by Oscar NPR film critic Bob Mondello presents his list of great films from 2002 that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences forgot about. ? View his full list, plus links to hear reviews for each film. ? Scan the list of nominees up for awards in March. ? Submit your own list of forgotten films on our online discussion board. \u0027Roots\u0027 An interview with Leslie Uggams. Girl Gangs A portrait of American girlhood: The new gangs of New York. Stonehenge Discovery Remains of a 4,000-year-old man are found near Stonehenge. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast recently on Morning Edition. \u0027Iraq: The World Speaks\u0027 As debate over the threat of U.S. military action against Iraq takes on a more urgent tone, NPR News joins with BBC World Service to present a live, two-hour, call-in program to discuss the issues surrounding Iraq. The joint production, Iraq: The World Speaks will be hosted by Neal Conan, host of NPR\u0027s Talk of the Nation, and Robin Lustig, host of the BBC\u0027s Talking Point. E-mail your questions in advance of the Feb. 15 program. Fugu: The Deadly Delicacy It\u0027s a chubby little puff of a fish with big expressive eyes, a lovely metallic color and enough neurotoxins in its body to kill dozens of human predators. But if it\u0027s expertly prepared, it\u0027s considered a rare treat. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine takes a break from Talking Plants to profile fugu, and meets some food lovers who covet its taste. Prospecting Beneath the Seas For decades, scientists have searched for plants that contain disease-fighting compounds. But experts say the oceans, teeming with life, might be a better place to look. As NPR\u0027s Eric Niiler reports, researchers are now scouring the seven seas in hopes of finding the next blockbuster drug. Send a Song Your Valentine Will Love to Hate NPR\u0027s Scott Simon and Jim Nayder of The Annoying Music Show play songs only a lover could love -- and a tone-deaf lover at that. Now YOU can send one of these off-kilter musical moments to your sweetie as a Valentine\u0027s Day gift from npr.org. This music is so bad you won\u0027t be able to get it out of your head until Valentine\u0027s Day is a dim memory. But hey, it\u0027s cheaper than chocolates! NPR News Series: Black History Month In 1926, American historian Dr. Carter G. Woodson established Negro History Week to focus attention on African-American contributions to the world. Today, Americans celebrate black history throughout the month of February. For Black History Month 2003, NPR News offers comprehensive coverage commemorating the lives and histories of African-American pioneers. A Medicaid Victory In Alabama, 20-year-old Nick Dupree has a rare form of muscular dystrophy so disabling that he needs constant attention from nurses. Federal law requires the state\u0027s Medicaid program to provide that expensive care -- until age 21. With his birthday coming up Feb. 23, Dupree waged a courageous battle to change state policy and -- despite the odds -- he won. NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro reports. A White Supremacist Church and a Small Town The quiet Wyoming town of Riverton -- population 10,000 -- got a shock recently: their town was about to become the headquarters of the World Church of the Creator, a group associated with white supremacy and racial violence. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes reports on how the town is responding to the move, and how it\u0027s confronting its own history of intolerance. NPR Hourly News CIA Chief Says N. Korea Could Strike U.S. Joint Congressional Panel Begins Shuttle Probe Fuel Prices Surge Near Two-Year High more news...  Aaron Neville Interview: The singer has a new CD of gospel songs titled Believe.  Colorado Jazz Review: Extended Family by Boulder-based tenor sax player Fred Hess.  Shania Twain Review: Up!, a double CD with country and rock versions of every tune. All Songs Considered All new: Down with Wilco! Indie super trio Loose Fur, more. Sweet Potato Queen\u0027s Latest Dish This story was suggested by Kathy, who listens to KWMU in St. Louis, Mo. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Most Requested Transcripts NPRJazz.org \u0027Must-Have\u0027 Music Essential Classical MusicNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream Apple QuickTime RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. \u0027Matisse Picasso\u0027 Exhibit Pairs Masters of Art A new exhibit at New York\u0027s Museum of Modern Art examines the lifelong relationship between Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. It pairs works by the two artists, showing how they influenced each other despite their very different styles. David D\u0027Arcy reports. Overlooked by Oscar NPR film critic Bob Mondello presents his list of great films from 2002 that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences forgot about. ? View his full list, plus links to hear reviews for each film. ? Scan the list of nominees up for awards in March. ? Submit your own list of forgotten films on our online discussion board. \u0027Roots\u0027 An interview with Leslie Uggams. Girl Gangs A portrait of American girlhood: The new gangs of New York. Stonehenge Discovery Remains of a 4,000-year-old man are found near Stonehenge. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast recently on Morning Edition. \u0027Iraq: The World Speaks\u0027 As debate over the threat of U.S. military action against Iraq takes on a more urgent tone, NPR News joins with BBC World Service to present a live, two-hour, call-in program to discuss the issues surrounding Iraq. The joint production, Iraq: The World Speaks will be hosted by Neal Conan, host of NPR\u0027s Talk of the Nation, and Robin Lustig, host of the BBC\u0027s Talking Point. E-mail your questions in advance of the Feb. 15 program. Fugu: The Deadly Delicacy It\u0027s a chubby little puff of a fish with big expressive eyes, a lovely metallic color and enough neurotoxins in its body to kill dozens of human predators. But if it\u0027s expertly prepared, it\u0027s considered a rare treat. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine takes a break from Talking Plants to profile fugu, and meets some food lovers who covet its taste. Prospecting Beneath the Seas For decades, scientists have searched for plants that contain disease-fighting compounds. But experts say the oceans, teeming with life, might be a better place to look. As NPR\u0027s Eric Niiler reports, researchers are now scouring the seven seas in hopes of finding the next blockbuster drug. Send a Song Your Valentine Will Love to Hate NPR\u0027s Scott Simon and Jim Nayder of The Annoying Music Show play songs only a lover could love -- and a tone-deaf lover at that. Now YOU can send one of these off-kilter musical moments to your sweetie as a Valentine\u0027s Day gift from npr.org. This music is so bad you won\u0027t be able to get it out of your head until Valentine\u0027s Day is a dim memory. But hey, it\u0027s cheaper than chocolates! NPR News Series: Black History Month In 1926, American historian Dr. Carter G. Woodson established Negro History Week to focus attention on African-American contributions to the world. Today, Americans celebrate black history throughout the month of February. For Black History Month 2003, NPR News offers comprehensive coverage commemorating the lives and histories of African-American pioneers. A Medicaid Victory In Alabama, 20-year-old Nick Dupree has a rare form of muscular dystrophy so disabling that he needs constant attention from nurses. Federal law requires the state\u0027s Medicaid program to provide that expensive care -- until age 21. With his birthday coming up Feb. 23, Dupree waged a courageous battle to change state policy and -- despite the odds -- he won. NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro reports. A White Supremacist Church and a Small Town The quiet Wyoming town of Riverton -- population 10,000 -- got a shock recently: their town was about to become the headquarters of the World Church of the Creator, a group associated with white supremacy and racial violence. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes reports on how the town is responding to the move, and how it\u0027s confronting its own history of intolerance.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.\u0027Matisse Picasso\u0027 Exhibit Pairs Masters of ArtA new exhibit at New York\u0027s Museum of Modern Art examines the lifelong relationship between Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. It pairs works by the two artists, showing how they influenced each other despite their very different styles. David D\u0027Arcy reports.Overlooked by OscarNPR film critic Bob Mondello presents his list of great films from 2002 that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences forgot about. ? View his full list, plus links to hear reviews for each film. ? Scan the list of nominees up for awards in March. ? Submit your own list of forgotten films on our online discussion board.\u0027Roots\u0027 An interview with Leslie Uggams. Girl Gangs A portrait of American girlhood: The new gangs of New York. Stonehenge Discovery Remains of a 4,000-year-old man are found near Stonehenge.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Due to intense interest in Mideast events, NPR makes available -- at no charge -- transcripts and audio of reports about the Mideast produced by NPR in its newsmagazines. This includes the seven-part series, \"The Mideast: A Century of Conflict,\" broadcast recently on Morning Edition.Fugu: The Deadly DelicacyIt\u0027s a chubby little puff of a fish with big expressive eyes, a lovely metallic color and enough neurotoxins in its body to kill dozens of human predators. But if it\u0027s expertly prepared, it\u0027s considered a rare treat. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine takes a break from Talking Plants to profile fugu, and meets some food lovers who covet its taste.Prospecting Beneath the SeasFor decades, scientists have searched for plants that contain disease-fighting compounds. But experts say the oceans, teeming with life, might be a better place to look. As NPR\u0027s Eric Niiler reports, researchers are now scouring the seven seas in hopes of finding the next blockbuster drug.Send a Song Your Valentine Will Love to HateNPR\u0027s Scott Simon and Jim Nayder of The Annoying Music Show play songs only a lover could love -- and a tone-deaf lover at that. Now YOU can send one of these off-kilter musical moments to your sweetie as a Valentine\u0027s Day gift from npr.org. This music is so bad you won\u0027t be able to get it out of your head until Valentine\u0027s Day is a dim memory. But hey, it\u0027s cheaper than chocolates!NPR News Series: Black History MonthIn 1926, American historian Dr. Carter G. Woodson established Negro History Week to focus attention on African-American contributions to the world. Today, Americans celebrate black history throughout the month of February. For Black History Month 2003, NPR News offers comprehensive coverage commemorating the lives and histories of African-American pioneers.A Medicaid VictoryIn Alabama, 20-year-old Nick Dupree has a rare form of muscular dystrophy so disabling that he needs constant attention from nurses. Federal law requires the state\u0027s Medicaid program to provide that expensive care -- until age 21. With his birthday coming up Feb. 23, Dupree waged a courageous battle to change state policy and -- despite the odds -- he won. NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro reports.A White Supremacist Church and a Small TownThe quiet Wyoming town of Riverton -- population 10,000 -- got a shock recently: their town was about to become the headquarters of the World Church of the Creator, a group associated with white supremacy and racial violence. NPR\u0027s Howard Berkes reports on how the town is responding to the move, and how it\u0027s confronting its own history of intolerance.NPR Hourly NewsCIA Chief Says N. Korea Could Strike U.S.Joint Congressional Panel Begins Shuttle ProbeFuel Prices Surge Near Two-Year High Aaron Neville Interview: The singer has a new CD of gospel songs titled Believe.  Colorado Jazz Review: Extended Family by Boulder-based tenor sax player Fred Hess.  Shania Twain Review: Up!, a double CD with country and rock versions of every tune. All Songs Considered All new: Down with Wilco! Indie super trio Loose Fur, more.Sweet Potato Queen\u0027s Latest Dish This story was suggested by Kathy, who listens to KWMU in St. Louis, Mo. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027Most Requested Transcripts NPRJazz.org \u0027Must-Have\u0027 Music Essential Classical MusicSupport for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":2,"dayOfMonth":3,"hourOfDay":3,"minute":31,"second":8},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
