{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.A century ago, the Wright Brothers were working hard to develop the first manned flying machine. They weren\u0027t the only ones. One of their chief rivals was Samuel Pierpont Langley, an esteemed scientist and secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. Author James Tobin tells Langley\u0027s story to NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen. See photos of Langley\u0027s \"Great Aerodrome.\"Zimbabwe\u0027s Stella Chiweshe is a regal presence on the mbira, a traditional ceremonial instrument from Southern Africa. She recently stopped by NPR\u0027s Studio 4A to play a few tunes and talk about her craft. Hear her NPR performance, and listen to samples from her new CD.Over the past four decades, spacecraft have sent back to Earth otherworldly images of outer space. Nearly 300 photographs of these strange and beautiful vistas are collected in a new book, Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes. NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with the author, Michael Benson. View images snapped by robotic space explorers.A.J. Jacobs is on a quest to become the smartest guy in the world by reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica. Under the letter \"S,\" he\u0027s learned about the often-amusing history of sexuality -- from randy King Solomon to the misguided contraceptive measures of the Middle Ages. Jacobs shares some of the more interesting tidbits he\u0027s gleaned with NPR\u0027s Scott Simon.The U.S.-led war against Iraq drove a wedge between America and many European allies. Concluding a four-part series, NPR\u0027s Sylvia Poggioli finds a Poland divided between its allegiance to the United States and a desire to be more European. Warsaw University student Katarzna Duszczyk (left) urges America to act more multilaterally.Forty years ago, the poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, leaving behind a husband, two children and a collection of poems that would make her famous. This month, two books and a new film look back at her life and legacy. NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary reports on the enduring interest in Plath. Hear recordings of Plath reading several of her poems.Marking the 100th anniversary of the World Series, NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards looks back at highlights of the fall classic and talks to the author of a new book about the very first Series in 1903. At left, Jackie Robinson slides into shortstop Phil Rizzuto in the \u002747 Series. Hear memorable moments in Series history.Quirky lyrics that mix Spanish and English and an eclectic musical style have helped make Kevin Johansen one of Argentina\u0027s hottest musicians. The Argentine-American artist hopes to win over U.S. audiences with a stateside tour that begins this week. Brian Byrnes reports. Hear songs from Johansen\u0027s latest albums.Navigating a City \u0027When Walking Fails\u0027 NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro recently got a first-hand look at what it means to be disabled when he broke his ankle and had to use a four-wheeled scooter to move around. He found that even on the streets of Washington, D.C., where improvements have been made to accommodate the disabled, life can be difficult. He tours the town with disability advocate Lisa Iezzoni. Read excerpts from Iezzoni\u0027s book, When Walking Fails.Canada\u0027s Boreal Forest is the source of billions of birds that fly south and end up at American birdfeeders. Wide areas of the one of the world\u0027s largest remaining forests are being carved up for logging and oil wells, and bird populations are being affected. That has bird experts like Richard Thomas, left, worried. NPR\u0027s Elizabeth Arnold reports for Radio Expeditions.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"AUG OCT DEC 19 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpAUG OCT DEC 19 2002 2003 2004AUG OCT DEC192002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition Day to Day All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Day to Day Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   Schedule Download Players Audio Help NPR Programming Morning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio Show Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Samuel Langley: The Race for Flight A century ago, the Wright Brothers were working hard to develop the first manned flying machine. They weren\u0027t the only ones. One of their chief rivals was Samuel Pierpont Langley, an esteemed scientist and secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. Author James Tobin tells Langley\u0027s story to NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen. See photos of Langley\u0027s \"Great Aerodrome.\" Stella Chiweshe, Queen of the Mbira Zimbabwe\u0027s Stella Chiweshe is a regal presence on the mbira, a traditional ceremonial instrument from Southern Africa. She recently stopped by NPR\u0027s Studio 4A to play a few tunes and talk about her craft. Hear her NPR performance, and listen to samples from her new CD. \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. Petra, Lost City of Stone Exhibit explores ancient Jordanian city. Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Try your hand at NPR\u0027s oddly informative news quiz. \u0027Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes\u0027 Over the past four decades, spacecraft have sent back to Earth otherworldly images of outer space. Nearly 300 photographs of these strange and beautiful vistas are collected in a new book, Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes. NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with the author, Michael Benson. View images snapped by robotic space explorers. Encyclopedia Man: Sex Through the Ages A.J. Jacobs is on a quest to become the smartest guy in the world by reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica. Under the letter \"S,\" he\u0027s learned about the often-amusing history of sexuality -- from randy King Solomon to the misguided contraceptive measures of the Middle Ages. Jacobs shares some of the more interesting tidbits he\u0027s gleaned with NPR\u0027s Scott Simon. America Seen Through European Eyes The U.S.-led war against Iraq drove a wedge between America and many European allies. Concluding a four-part series, NPR\u0027s Sylvia Poggioli finds a Poland divided between its allegiance to the United States and a desire to be more European. Warsaw University student Katarzna Duszczyk (left) urges America to act more multilaterally. Film, Books Revisit Life and Death of Sylvia Plath Forty years ago, the poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, leaving behind a husband, two children and a collection of poems that would make her famous. This month, two books and a new film look back at her life and legacy. NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary reports on the enduring interest in Plath. Hear recordings of Plath reading several of her poems. The World Series at 100 Marking the 100th anniversary of the World Series, NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards looks back at highlights of the fall classic and talks to the author of a new book about the very first Series in 1903. At left, Jackie Robinson slides into shortstop Phil Rizzuto in the \u002747 Series. Hear memorable moments in Series history. Kevin Johansen: Rock Star with Bilingual Twist Quirky lyrics that mix Spanish and English and an eclectic musical style have helped make Kevin Johansen one of Argentina\u0027s hottest musicians. The Argentine-American artist hopes to win over U.S. audiences with a stateside tour that begins this week. Brian Byrnes reports. Hear songs from Johansen\u0027s latest albums. Navigating a City \u0027When Walking Fails\u0027 NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro recently got a first-hand look at what it means to be disabled when he broke his ankle and had to use a four-wheeled scooter to move around. He found that even on the streets of Washington, D.C., where improvements have been made to accommodate the disabled, life can be difficult. He tours the town with disability advocate Lisa Iezzoni. Read excerpts from Iezzoni\u0027s book, When Walking Fails. Radio Expeditions: The Birds of the Boreal Canada\u0027s Boreal Forest is the source of billions of birds that fly south and end up at American birdfeeders. Wide areas of the one of the world\u0027s largest remaining forests are being carved up for logging and oil wells, and bird populations are being affected. That has bird experts like Richard Thomas, left, worried. NPR\u0027s Elizabeth Arnold reports for Radio Expeditions. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. NPR Hourly News Bush Rejects Non-Aggression Pact with N. Korea Crowds Attend Mother Teresa Beatification Marlins Win Game One in World Series MORE news Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Books on NPR Movies on NPR Take a \u0027Citizenship Quiz\u0027 The Quiz is part of a week of on-air programming coming in November, designed to spark a national discussion about how well or how poorly the republic is working. Also, art for laughs in Boston, live radio from an Iowa bookstore, and voices of history from Albany. MORE stations Caring for War\u0027s Fatalities This feature was suggested by Lynne, who listens to WBUR in Boston. What Is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027  Boz Scaggs Interview: The singer has a new CD of pop standards, But Beautiful.  iTunes for Windows Apple\u0027s online music store is now accessible to Windows users. MORE musicNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   Schedule Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News NPR Program Stream   ScheduleNPR Hourly NewsNPR Program Stream  ScheduleDownload Players Audio HelpNPR Programming Morning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio ShowNPR ProgrammingMorning Edition All Things Considered Day to Day Talk of the Nation Fresh Air The Tavis Smiley Show Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Motley Fool Radio ShowContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. Samuel Langley: The Race for Flight A century ago, the Wright Brothers were working hard to develop the first manned flying machine. They weren\u0027t the only ones. One of their chief rivals was Samuel Pierpont Langley, an esteemed scientist and secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. Author James Tobin tells Langley\u0027s story to NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen. See photos of Langley\u0027s \"Great Aerodrome.\" Stella Chiweshe, Queen of the Mbira Zimbabwe\u0027s Stella Chiweshe is a regal presence on the mbira, a traditional ceremonial instrument from Southern Africa. She recently stopped by NPR\u0027s Studio 4A to play a few tunes and talk about her craft. Hear her NPR performance, and listen to samples from her new CD. \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. Petra, Lost City of Stone Exhibit explores ancient Jordanian city. Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Try your hand at NPR\u0027s oddly informative news quiz. \u0027Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes\u0027 Over the past four decades, spacecraft have sent back to Earth otherworldly images of outer space. Nearly 300 photographs of these strange and beautiful vistas are collected in a new book, Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes. NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with the author, Michael Benson. View images snapped by robotic space explorers. Encyclopedia Man: Sex Through the Ages A.J. Jacobs is on a quest to become the smartest guy in the world by reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica. Under the letter \"S,\" he\u0027s learned about the often-amusing history of sexuality -- from randy King Solomon to the misguided contraceptive measures of the Middle Ages. Jacobs shares some of the more interesting tidbits he\u0027s gleaned with NPR\u0027s Scott Simon. America Seen Through European Eyes The U.S.-led war against Iraq drove a wedge between America and many European allies. Concluding a four-part series, NPR\u0027s Sylvia Poggioli finds a Poland divided between its allegiance to the United States and a desire to be more European. Warsaw University student Katarzna Duszczyk (left) urges America to act more multilaterally. Film, Books Revisit Life and Death of Sylvia Plath Forty years ago, the poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, leaving behind a husband, two children and a collection of poems that would make her famous. This month, two books and a new film look back at her life and legacy. NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary reports on the enduring interest in Plath. Hear recordings of Plath reading several of her poems. The World Series at 100 Marking the 100th anniversary of the World Series, NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards looks back at highlights of the fall classic and talks to the author of a new book about the very first Series in 1903. At left, Jackie Robinson slides into shortstop Phil Rizzuto in the \u002747 Series. Hear memorable moments in Series history. Kevin Johansen: Rock Star with Bilingual Twist Quirky lyrics that mix Spanish and English and an eclectic musical style have helped make Kevin Johansen one of Argentina\u0027s hottest musicians. The Argentine-American artist hopes to win over U.S. audiences with a stateside tour that begins this week. Brian Byrnes reports. Hear songs from Johansen\u0027s latest albums. Navigating a City \u0027When Walking Fails\u0027 NPR\u0027s Joseph Shapiro recently got a first-hand look at what it means to be disabled when he broke his ankle and had to use a four-wheeled scooter to move around. He found that even on the streets of Washington, D.C., where improvements have been made to accommodate the disabled, life can be difficult. He tours the town with disability advocate Lisa Iezzoni. Read excerpts from Iezzoni\u0027s book, When Walking Fails. Radio Expeditions: The Birds of the Boreal Canada\u0027s Boreal Forest is the source of billions of birds that fly south and end up at American birdfeeders. Wide areas of the one of the world\u0027s largest remaining forests are being carved up for logging and oil wells, and bird populations are being affected. That has bird experts like Richard Thomas, left, worried. NPR\u0027s Elizabeth Arnold reports for Radio Expeditions. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.Samuel Langley: The Race for FlightA century ago, the Wright Brothers were working hard to develop the first manned flying machine. They weren\u0027t the only ones. One of their chief rivals was Samuel Pierpont Langley, an esteemed scientist and secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. Author James Tobin tells Langley\u0027s story to NPR\u0027s Liane Hansen. See photos of Langley\u0027s \"Great Aerodrome.\"Stella Chiweshe, Queen of the MbiraZimbabwe\u0027s Stella Chiweshe is a regal presence on the mbira, a traditional ceremonial instrument from Southern Africa. She recently stopped by NPR\u0027s Studio 4A to play a few tunes and talk about her craft. Hear her NPR performance, and listen to samples from her new CD.\u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. Petra, Lost City of Stone Exhibit explores ancient Jordanian city. Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Try your hand at NPR\u0027s oddly informative news quiz.\u0027Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes\u0027Over the past four decades, spacecraft have sent back to Earth otherworldly images of outer space. Nearly 300 photographs of these strange and beautiful vistas are collected in a new book, Beyond: Visions of the Interplanetary Probes. NPR\u0027s Scott Simon talks with the author, Michael Benson. View images snapped by robotic space explorers.Encyclopedia Man: Sex Through the AgesA.J. Jacobs is on a quest to become the smartest guy in the world by reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica. Under the letter \"S,\" he\u0027s learned about the often-amusing history of sexuality -- from randy King Solomon to the misguided contraceptive measures of the Middle Ages. Jacobs shares some of the more interesting tidbits he\u0027s gleaned with NPR\u0027s Scott Simon.America Seen Through European EyesThe U.S.-led war against Iraq drove a wedge between America and many European allies. Concluding a four-part series, NPR\u0027s Sylvia Poggioli finds a Poland divided between its allegiance to the United States and a desire to be more European. Warsaw University student Katarzna Duszczyk (left) urges America to act more multilaterally.Film, Books Revisit Life and Death of Sylvia PlathForty years ago, the poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, leaving behind a husband, two children and a collection of poems that would make her famous. This month, two books and a new film look back at her life and legacy. NPR\u0027s Lynn Neary reports on the enduring interest in Plath. Hear recordings of Plath reading several of her poems.The World Series at 100Marking the 100th anniversary of the World Series, NPR\u0027s Bob Edwards looks back at highlights of the fall classic and talks to the author of a new book about the very first Series in 1903. At left, Jackie Robinson slides into shortstop Phil Rizzuto in the \u002747 Series. Hear memorable moments in Series history.Kevin Johansen: Rock Star with Bilingual TwistQuirky lyrics that mix Spanish and English and an eclectic musical style have helped make Kevin Johansen one of Argentina\u0027s hottest musicians. The Argentine-American artist hopes to win over U.S. audiences with a stateside tour that begins this week. Brian Byrnes reports. Hear songs from Johansen\u0027s latest albums.Radio Expeditions: The Birds of the BorealCanada\u0027s Boreal Forest is the source of billions of birds that fly south and end up at American birdfeeders. Wide areas of the one of the world\u0027s largest remaining forests are being carved up for logging and oil wells, and bird populations are being affected. That has bird experts like Richard Thomas, left, worried. NPR\u0027s Elizabeth Arnold reports for Radio Expeditions.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.NPR Hourly NewsBush Rejects Non-Aggression Pact with N. KoreaCrowds Attend Mother Teresa BeatificationMarlins Win Game One in World SeriesMost E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts NPR Shop Top Ten Books on NPR Movies on NPRTake a \u0027Citizenship Quiz\u0027 The Quiz is part of a week of on-air programming coming in November, designed to spark a national discussion about how well or how poorly the republic is working. Also, art for laughs in Boston, live radio from an Iowa bookstore, and voices of history from Albany. MORE stationsCaring for War\u0027s Fatalities This feature was suggested by Lynne, who listens to WBUR in Boston. What Is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Boz Scaggs Interview: The singer has a new CD of pop standards, But Beautiful.  iTunes for Windows Apple\u0027s online music store is now accessible to Windows users. MORE music","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":10,"dayOfMonth":6,"hourOfDay":9,"minute":20,"second":36},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
