{"htmlTagMap":{"p":"Visit our text-only pagenewsaudio archivestranscriptsdiscussionsfind a stationshopabout nprcontact npr» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR News Coverage: War in Iraq » NPR\u0027s Scott Horsley on Saddam\u0027s son-in-law » NPR\u0027s Jackie Northam on Baghdad\u0027s recovery » Essays from correspondents in the field » Commentaries heard on NPR Iraqi Shi\u0027ites on a pilgrimage banned for decades under Saddam\u0027s rule. Reuters © 2003NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Listening to the San Antonio Vocal Arts Ensemble is a learning experience. Literally. The band blends melody and harmony with a lesson in history. Their latest CD, Ancient Echoes, is a collection of tunes, songs and prayers that date from the time of Jesus and Jerusalem\u0027s Second Temple, when Jews were returning to the holy city from exile in Babylon. Hear excerpts from the CD.A 9-year-old Iraqi boy wounded four years ago when a U.S. cruise missile strayed off course and hit his Basra neighborhood is now in Southern California, getting much-needed medical treatment. NPR\u0027s Mandalit del Barco reports on Mostafa\u0027s journey. See his photo, and learn more about the Americans who helped him.A team of elite mountain climbers undertakes a grueling trek across Tibet\u0027s Chang Tang Plateau. Their goal? To find and protect a rare animal\u0027s birthing ground. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick tells their story. Trace their journey through expedition photos and video.The paintings and drawings of Vietnam veteran Rick Bartow are not easily forgotten. His images are graphic and intense, shaped from the material of grief and fear. Many are on display in New York at an exhibition for the Smithsonian\u0027s National Museum of the American Indian. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine reports on Bartow\u0027s work. View a gallery of his images.Around the country, a lot of people are thinking differently about taxes this year. Many Americans say their federal income taxes are not too high, and they don\u0027t think it\u0027s a good time for tax cuts -- even in the face of war, a weak economy and a rising deficit. NPR presents a series of stories based around the latest poll by NPR, the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard\u0027s Kennedy School of Government -- read the results of the survey.Global outbreaks of a mysterious and highly contagious pneumonia-like disease have prompted World Health Organization officials to declare it \"a worldwide health threat.\" Known as Severe Acute Respiratory Illness, or SARS, the disease first emerged in China but has now infected more than 2,100 people worldwide. Follow the latest NPR coverage.Support for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","h1":"",".title":"","h2":"","h3":"",".snippet":"","h4":"","h5":"","h6":"","tr":"FEB APR MAY 21 2002 2003 2004 19,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16 Close HelpFEB APR MAY 21 2002 2003 2004FEB APR MAY212002 2003 200419,167 captures 10 Dec 97 - 3 Feb 16Visit our text-only page NPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Help news audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Programming List All NPR Programming -------------------------- Most Requested -------------------------- Morning Edition All Things Considered Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday Fresh Air with Terry Gross Car Talk Performance Today The Tavis Smiley Show -------------------------- NPR News -------------------------- All Things Considered Hourly News Morning Edition NPR Now Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday -------------------------- Talk -------------------------- The Connection The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air with Terry Gross The Motley Fool Radio Show NPR Talk Talk of the Nation Talk of the Nation Science Friday The Tavis Smiley Show The Todd Mundt Show -------------------------- Music -------------------------- All Songs Considered In Rehearsal Jazz Profiles JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater Marian McPartland\u0027s Piano Jazz NPR Basic Jazz Record Library NPRJazz.org The NPR 100 World of Opera Performance Today PT 50 SymphonyCast Sunday Baroque The Thistle and Shamrock -------------------------- Additional Programming -------------------------- Along for the Ride American Radio Works Car Talk The Changing Face of America The DNA Files Justice Talking Latino USA Living On Earth Lost and Found Sound Musings with Alphonse Vinh National Press Club National Story Project NOW with Bill Moyers The NPR/Kaiser/Kennedy School Polls Only A Game On the Media Present at the Creation Radio Expeditions Says You! Selected Shorts Talking Plants Wait Wait... Don\u0027t Tell Me! Yiddish Radio Project --------------------------- Other Public Radio Programs . . . Search the Audio Archives Find a local station NPR Worldwide Tapes and Transcripts Download Audio Players Audio Help List All NPR Programs NPR on Sirius Satellite Radio Helpnews audio archives transcripts discussions find a station shop about npr contact nprNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio Help Contact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas » Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News Coverage: War in Iraq » NPR\u0027s Scott Horsley on Saddam\u0027s son-in-law » NPR\u0027s Jackie Northam on Baghdad\u0027s recovery » Essays from correspondents in the field » Commentaries heard on NPR Iraqi Shi\u0027ites on a pilgrimage banned for decades under Saddam\u0027s rule. Reuters © 2003 \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. The Ritual of the Peep Searching for the best way to eat marshmallow birdies. Abraham\u0027s Legacy The story of Abraham, father of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Music from the Time of Jesus Listening to the San Antonio Vocal Arts Ensemble is a learning experience. Literally. The band blends melody and harmony with a lesson in history. Their latest CD, Ancient Echoes, is a collection of tunes, songs and prayers that date from the time of Jesus and Jerusalem\u0027s Second Temple, when Jews were returning to the holy city from exile in Babylon. Hear excerpts from the CD. Boy Hit by U.S. Missile Gets Long-Awaited Medical Help A 9-year-old Iraqi boy wounded four years ago when a U.S. cruise missile strayed off course and hit his Basra neighborhood is now in Southern California, getting much-needed medical treatment. NPR\u0027s Mandalit del Barco reports on Mostafa\u0027s journey. See his photo, and learn more about the Americans who helped him. \u0027Radio Expeditions\u0027: Chang Tang\u0027s Endangered Antelope A team of elite mountain climbers undertakes a grueling trek across Tibet\u0027s Chang Tang Plateau. Their goal? To find and protect a rare animal\u0027s birthing ground. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick tells their story. Trace their journey through expedition photos and video. Rick Bartow: Turning Agony into Art The paintings and drawings of Vietnam veteran Rick Bartow are not easily forgotten. His images are graphic and intense, shaped from the material of grief and fear. Many are on display in New York at an exhibition for the Smithsonian\u0027s National Museum of the American Indian. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine reports on Bartow\u0027s work. View a gallery of his images. NPR Survey: U.S. Attitudes on Taxes Around the country, a lot of people are thinking differently about taxes this year. Many Americans say their federal income taxes are not too high, and they don\u0027t think it\u0027s a good time for tax cuts -- even in the face of war, a weak economy and a rising deficit. NPR presents a series of stories based around the latest poll by NPR, the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard\u0027s Kennedy School of Government -- read the results of the survey. Tracking SARS Outbreaks Global outbreaks of a mysterious and highly contagious pneumonia-like disease have prompted World Health Organization officials to declare it \"a worldwide health threat.\" Known as Severe Acute Respiratory Illness, or SARS, the disease first emerged in China but has now infected more than 2,100 people worldwide. Follow the latest NPR coverage. NPR Hourly News Syria Pledges to Deny Asylum to Iraqi Leaders Saddam Son-in-Law Surrenders, Iraqi Opposition Says Top Chinese Officials Fired After SARS Cases Surge more news... Bach\u0027s Easter Cantata NPR\u0027s Ned Wharton reviews Ricercar, a new recording.  Jazz: Charles Lloyd Profile: The tenor sax player\u0027s new CD is Lift Every Voice.  Death in Vegas Review: \u0027Scorpio Rising,\u0027 the latest from British alt electronica duo. \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New Lucinda Williams and Daniel Lanois, old Willie Nelson and more. An Oral History of the WASPs This feature was suggested by Ramish, who listens to WYPR in Baltimore. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027 Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts Carl Kasell\u0027s Answering Machine Messages NPR ReviewsNPR Audio Online NPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the Nation Download Players Audio HelpNPR Audio OnlineNPR Hourly News RealAudio Windows Media NPR Program Stream RealAudio Windows Media All Things Considered Morning Edition Talk of the NationDownload Players Audio HelpContact NPR NPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story IdeasContact NPRNPRHelp@npr.org Sponsor NPR NPR Awards NPR Ombudsman What is this? Corrections Submit Story Ideas» Search seven years of NPR audio archives. » Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming. » Find great music heard on NPR programs. NPR News Coverage: War in Iraq » NPR\u0027s Scott Horsley on Saddam\u0027s son-in-law » NPR\u0027s Jackie Northam on Baghdad\u0027s recovery » Essays from correspondents in the field » Commentaries heard on NPR Iraqi Shi\u0027ites on a pilgrimage banned for decades under Saddam\u0027s rule. Reuters © 2003 \u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. The Ritual of the Peep Searching for the best way to eat marshmallow birdies. Abraham\u0027s Legacy The story of Abraham, father of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition. Music from the Time of Jesus Listening to the San Antonio Vocal Arts Ensemble is a learning experience. Literally. The band blends melody and harmony with a lesson in history. Their latest CD, Ancient Echoes, is a collection of tunes, songs and prayers that date from the time of Jesus and Jerusalem\u0027s Second Temple, when Jews were returning to the holy city from exile in Babylon. Hear excerpts from the CD. Boy Hit by U.S. Missile Gets Long-Awaited Medical Help A 9-year-old Iraqi boy wounded four years ago when a U.S. cruise missile strayed off course and hit his Basra neighborhood is now in Southern California, getting much-needed medical treatment. NPR\u0027s Mandalit del Barco reports on Mostafa\u0027s journey. See his photo, and learn more about the Americans who helped him. \u0027Radio Expeditions\u0027: Chang Tang\u0027s Endangered Antelope A team of elite mountain climbers undertakes a grueling trek across Tibet\u0027s Chang Tang Plateau. Their goal? To find and protect a rare animal\u0027s birthing ground. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick tells their story. Trace their journey through expedition photos and video. Rick Bartow: Turning Agony into Art The paintings and drawings of Vietnam veteran Rick Bartow are not easily forgotten. His images are graphic and intense, shaped from the material of grief and fear. Many are on display in New York at an exhibition for the Smithsonian\u0027s National Museum of the American Indian. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine reports on Bartow\u0027s work. View a gallery of his images. NPR Survey: U.S. Attitudes on Taxes Around the country, a lot of people are thinking differently about taxes this year. Many Americans say their federal income taxes are not too high, and they don\u0027t think it\u0027s a good time for tax cuts -- even in the face of war, a weak economy and a rising deficit. NPR presents a series of stories based around the latest poll by NPR, the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard\u0027s Kennedy School of Government -- read the results of the survey. Tracking SARS Outbreaks Global outbreaks of a mysterious and highly contagious pneumonia-like disease have prompted World Health Organization officials to declare it \"a worldwide health threat.\" Known as Severe Acute Respiratory Illness, or SARS, the disease first emerged in China but has now infected more than 2,100 people worldwide. Follow the latest NPR coverage.» Search seven years of NPR audio archives.» Order a tape or transcript of NPR programming.» Find great music heard on NPR programs.NPR News Coverage: War in Iraq » NPR\u0027s Scott Horsley on Saddam\u0027s son-in-law » NPR\u0027s Jackie Northam on Baghdad\u0027s recovery » Essays from correspondents in the field » Commentaries heard on NPR Iraqi Shi\u0027ites on a pilgrimage banned for decades under Saddam\u0027s rule. Reuters © 2003\u0027Weekend Edition Sunday\u0027 Puzzle Take the puzzle challenge from puzzlemaster Will Shortz. The Ritual of the Peep Searching for the best way to eat marshmallow birdies. Abraham\u0027s Legacy The story of Abraham, father of Judaism, Christianity and Islam.NPR\u0027s Mideast Coverage: Audio, Transcripts Because of intense interest in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, NPR makes free transcripts and streaming audio of its coverage available online. This includes the seven-part series, The Mideast: A Century of Conflict, broadcast in 2002 on Morning Edition.Music from the Time of JesusListening to the San Antonio Vocal Arts Ensemble is a learning experience. Literally. The band blends melody and harmony with a lesson in history. Their latest CD, Ancient Echoes, is a collection of tunes, songs and prayers that date from the time of Jesus and Jerusalem\u0027s Second Temple, when Jews were returning to the holy city from exile in Babylon. Hear excerpts from the CD.Boy Hit by U.S. Missile Gets Long-Awaited Medical HelpA 9-year-old Iraqi boy wounded four years ago when a U.S. cruise missile strayed off course and hit his Basra neighborhood is now in Southern California, getting much-needed medical treatment. NPR\u0027s Mandalit del Barco reports on Mostafa\u0027s journey. See his photo, and learn more about the Americans who helped him.\u0027Radio Expeditions\u0027: Chang Tang\u0027s Endangered AntelopeA team of elite mountain climbers undertakes a grueling trek across Tibet\u0027s Chang Tang Plateau. Their goal? To find and protect a rare animal\u0027s birthing ground. NPR\u0027s Alex Chadwick tells their story. Trace their journey through expedition photos and video.Rick Bartow: Turning Agony into ArtThe paintings and drawings of Vietnam veteran Rick Bartow are not easily forgotten. His images are graphic and intense, shaped from the material of grief and fear. Many are on display in New York at an exhibition for the Smithsonian\u0027s National Museum of the American Indian. NPR\u0027s Ketzel Levine reports on Bartow\u0027s work. View a gallery of his images.NPR Survey: U.S. Attitudes on TaxesAround the country, a lot of people are thinking differently about taxes this year. Many Americans say their federal income taxes are not too high, and they don\u0027t think it\u0027s a good time for tax cuts -- even in the face of war, a weak economy and a rising deficit. NPR presents a series of stories based around the latest poll by NPR, the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard\u0027s Kennedy School of Government -- read the results of the survey.Tracking SARS OutbreaksGlobal outbreaks of a mysterious and highly contagious pneumonia-like disease have prompted World Health Organization officials to declare it \"a worldwide health threat.\" Known as Severe Acute Respiratory Illness, or SARS, the disease first emerged in China but has now infected more than 2,100 people worldwide. Follow the latest NPR coverage.NPR Hourly NewsSyria Pledges to Deny Asylum to Iraqi LeadersSaddam Son-in-Law Surrenders, Iraqi Opposition SaysTop Chinese Officials Fired After SARS Cases SurgeBach\u0027s Easter Cantata NPR\u0027s Ned Wharton reviews Ricercar, a new recording.  Jazz: Charles Lloyd Profile: The tenor sax player\u0027s new CD is Lift Every Voice.  Death in Vegas Review: \u0027Scorpio Rising,\u0027 the latest from British alt electronica duo. \u0027All Songs Considered\u0027 New Lucinda Williams and Daniel Lanois, old Willie Nelson and more.An Oral History of the WASPs This feature was suggested by Ramish, who listens to WYPR in Baltimore. What is a \u0027Driveway Moment?\u0027Most E-mailed Stories Most Requested Transcripts Carl Kasell\u0027s Answering Machine Messages NPR ReviewsSupport for this Web site is provided by the NPR Foundation\u0027s Fund for New Initiatives, whose donors include Laura and Gary Lauder. Web construction and maintenance by the NPR Online team.","article":""},"timeStamp":{"year":2003,"month":3,"dayOfMonth":24,"hourOfDay":21,"minute":30,"second":53},"articleSource":"http://www.npr.org/"}
